text,spam,processed_text
"Subject: re : marketpoint license agreement  dale ,  thanks for your message . in our phone conversation before the meeting you  mentioned  another contractual arrangement under which we could work with your company  employees on a case - study .  the cost of a weekly project would be $ 12 , 000 that would be applied to the  purchase price should  we go ahead and decide to acquire the software . this project would allow us  to evaluate the model and  come up with an estimate of the manpower necessary to support the model  internally .  please , let me know more about this option .  we are primarily interested in a long - term natural gas model and the database  for north america .  unless a familiarity with the short term model is a prerequisite , we don ' t  have resources to spend too much time on it .  of course , a trading desk may be interested in the short term  version of the model . i shall talk to them about it .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 11 / 13 / 2000 06 : 00 : 05 pm  to : , "" vince . j . kaminski ""  cc :  subject : marketpoint license agreement  john / vince :  i really enjoyed the meeting the other day with you and a broad cross  section of your people . thank you very much for setting it up , and thank  you for giving me the opportunity to speak with your people .  as i mentioned to john , i am sending you the license paperwork for  marketpoint . i have attached our standard license agreement for your  consideration . as i mentioned , the license agreement covers the entire  bundled product , which includes  ? north american gas , short and long term  ? north american electricity , short and long term  ? world gas  ? western european gas  ? world oil  we are just finishing porting the world oil , world gas , and western european  gas models over from our old ( now obsolete ) software system into  marketpoint , so they will not be fully tested and complete for a couple of  months . however , the gas and electricity models for north america are  presently complete and tested . that should allow us to give you an  attractive price before the full worldwide toolkit is available throughout  your worldwide business .  as i understood it , you will want the gas modeling capability first and will  want to defer decisions on electric or other capability . as i mentioned at  the meeting , we are prepared to offer that for approximately  the fully  bundled price . as you read the license agreement , you will see that the  software licenses for $ 100 , 000 annually , the gas data for $ 5 , 000 , and the  electric data for $ 10 , 000 . marketpoint will agree to license you the gas  model plus the data for  the software license plus the data license for a  total of $ 55 , 000 annually . this is just under  the fully bundled price . i  think that is consistent with the discussions at our meeting , and from  marketpoint  , s perspective would provide a great basis to move forward  together with enron . if or when enron ever desires to  & scale up  8 to another  model or model ( s ) from the marketpoint portfolio , we will simply scale you  up to the entire license agreement . this will allow you to decouple the gas  decision from any other decisions you might make . ( i will be glad to put  this additional pricing provision into the agreement if you decide to move  forward . )  i felt i was able to communicate the philosophy , scope , and operation of our  approach during the meeting and to deliver you much of the information you  might need to evaluate whether marketpoint meets your needs . i thought you  were able to see the depth and sophistication of the product yet at the same  time its simplicity and effectiveness . i thought you were able to see the  benefits of the marketpoint dimension of economic equilibrium as a  complement and supplement to other approaches you will assuredly use . i  would be interested in your impressions and those of your colleagues . i  look forward to your response and to moving ahead together . we view you as  a very important prospective customer and client and will work with you to  earn and secure your business .  if you decide to license marketpoint , we can arrange to transfer and mount  marketpoint and the short term narg model ( which is the model we suggest you  begin with ) and travel to houston to deliver our 1  day training seminar .  our clients are usually very fluent after that 1  day training seminar .  thereafter , we would want you to work with the short term narg model for a  few weeks while you get up to speed , very fluent , and very comfortable  before you take delivery of the longer term version of narg several weeks  later .  thanks again , and all the best . if there is some item from the meeting that  i might have forgotten to send , please remind me . my notes don ' t show  anything , but i was speaking a lot rather than writing notes during the  meeting and might have overlooked something someone wanted .  dale nesbitt  president  marketpoint inc .  27121 adonna ct .  los altos hills , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069  dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com  - license . doc",0,marketpoint license agreement dale thanks message phone conversation meeting mentioned another contractual arrangement could work company employees case study cost weekly project would would applied purchase price go ahead decide acquire software project would allow us evaluate model come estimate manpower necessary support model internally please let know option primarily interested long term natural gas model database north america unless familiarity short term model prerequisite resources spend much time course trading desk may interested short term version model shall talk vince dale nesbitt pm vince j kaminski cc subject marketpoint license agreement john vince really enjoyed meeting day broad cross section people thank much setting thank giving opportunity speak people mentioned john sending license paperwork marketpoint attached standard license agreement consideration mentioned license agreement covers entire bundled product includes north american gas short long term north american electricity short long term world gas western european gas world oil finishing porting world oil world gas western european gas models old obsolete software system marketpoint fully tested complete couple months however gas electricity models north america presently complete tested allow us give attractive price full worldwide toolkit available throughout worldwide business understood want gas modeling capability first want defer decisions electric capability mentioned meeting prepared offer approximately fully bundled price read license agreement see software licenses annually gas data electric data marketpoint agree license gas model plus data software license plus data license total annually fully bundled price think consistent discussions meeting marketpoint perspective would provide great basis move forward together enron enron ever desires scale another model model marketpoint portfolio simply scale entire license agreement allow decouple gas decision decisions might make glad put additional pricing provision agreement decide move forward felt able communicate philosophy scope operation approach meeting deliver much information might need evaluate whether marketpoint meets needs thought able see depth sophistication product yet time simplicity effectiveness thought able see benefits marketpoint dimension economic equilibrium complement supplement approaches assuredly use would interested impressions colleagues look forward response moving ahead together view important prospective customer client work earn secure business decide license marketpoint arrange transfer mount marketpoint short term narg model model suggest begin travel houston deliver day training seminar clients usually fluent day training seminar thereafter would want work short term narg model weeks get speed fluent comfortable take delivery longer term version narg several weeks later thanks best item meeting might forgotten send please remind notes show anything speaking lot rather writing notes meeting might overlooked something someone wanted dale nesbitt president marketpoint inc adonna ct los altos hills ca dale nesbitt marketpointinc com license doc
"Subject: re : rice students  ken  a tour would be great ( after 10 : 30 , if they can make it ) .  please , let shirley know about the meeting .  vince  kenneth parkhill @ enron  01 / 29 / 2001 10 : 17 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : rice students  vince ,  19 c is available and reserved for 9 am to 10 : 30 , wednesday .  would you like me to try and arrange a tour for the students or should we  wait until we know more about their interests ?  are their some other enron folks you would like to invite for wednesday ?  ken",0,rice students ken tour would great make please let shirley know meeting vince kenneth parkhill enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject rice students vince c available reserved wednesday would like try arrange tour students wait know interests enron folks would like invite wednesday ken
"Subject: atft . pk has announced the acquisition between atft and first pet life .  pink sheets : atft . pk has announded the acquisition  between atft and first pet life . the transactjion will  be non - diluted to current shareholders .  about first pet life :  atft offers coverage at an afforable level that will safely and securely help aviod the worried of unexpected vet bills . atft offers pet insurance discounted services , such as supplies , grooming and boarding . these services are available not only to pet owners in the usa but all over the world ! ! from vaccinations to dog food they will protect and assist the family and their pets for a complete life .  atft looks forward to giving pet owners all over the world the opportunity and the ability to afford coverage for their pets and will strive to become a valuable part of you family and protection for your pet ' s life and well being .  press release  american television and film company in talks with first pet life  thursday june 9 , 8 : 00 am et  dallas - - ( business wire ) - - june 9 , 2005 - - american television and film company ( pink sheets : atft - news ) announced today that it is in talks with first pet life about the possible acquisition of first pet life . no further details are available at this time .  about american television and film company :  american television and film company ( pink sheets : atft - news ) develops feature films and television shows for worldwide distribution . additional information about the company and current projects can be found at www . americantvandfilm . com .  about first pet life :  first pet life offers many discounted services including insurance , pet supplies , boarding , and grooming . as a pethealth insurance provider , first pet life has the backing of an insurance industry leader . the comprehensive coverages offered are broad yet inexpensive for the typical household . additional information is available at www . firstpetlife . com .  disclaimer :  matters discussed in this press release are "" forward - looking statements . "" statements describing objectives or goals or the company ' s future plans are also forward - looking statements and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , including the financial performance of the company and market valuations of its stock , which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated .  source : american television film  safe harbor statement  this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . reveal marketing , llc is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . reveal marketing , llc assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in atft ' s financial or operating condition . as reveal marketing , llc has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . reveal marketing , llc accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . atft will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . expedite has been paid in the amount of fifteen thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . . reveal marketing , llc and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words "" may , "" "" would , "" "" will , "" "" expect , "" "" estimate , "" "" anticipate , "" "" believe , "" "" intend , "" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein .  reveal marketing 3521 oak lawn ave . , ste . 405 dallas , tx 75219 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,atft pk announced acquisition atft first pet life pink sheets atft pk announded acquisition atft first pet life transactjion non diluted current shareholders first pet life atft offers coverage afforable level safely securely help aviod worried unexpected vet bills atft offers pet insurance discounted services supplies grooming boarding services available pet owners usa world vaccinations dog food protect assist family pets complete life atft looks forward giving pet owners world opportunity ability afford coverage pets strive become valuable part family protection pet life well press release american television film company talks first pet life thursday june et dallas business wire june american television film company pink sheets atft news announced today talks first pet life possible acquisition first pet life details available time american television film company american television film company pink sheets atft news develops feature films television shows worldwide distribution additional information company current projects found www americantvandfilm com first pet life first pet life offers many discounted services including insurance pet supplies boarding grooming pethealth insurance provider first pet life backing insurance industry leader comprehensive coverages offered broad yet inexpensive typical household additional information available www firstpetlife com disclaimer matters discussed press release forward looking statements statements describing objectives goals company future plans also forward looking statements subject certain risks uncertainties including financial performance company market valuations stock could cause actual results differ materially anticipated source american television film safe harbor statement report informational purposes neither solicitation buy offer sell securities investment low priced small micro cap stocks considered extremely speculative may result loss investment made companies reveal marketing llc registered investment advisor broker dealer information opinions analysis contained herein based sources believed reliable representation expressed implied made accuracy completeness correctness opinions contained herein reflect current judgment subject change without notice reveal marketing llc assumes responsibility updating information contained herein regardless change atft financial operating condition reveal marketing llc received compensation report benefit increase share price advertised company inherent conflict interest statements opinions reveal marketing llc accepts liability losses arising investor reliance use report atft require additional capital realize business plan continue going concern expedite paid amount fifteen thousand dollars transmission message reveal marketing llc affiliates officers may buy hold sell common shares mentioned companies open market private transactions time without notice certain information included herein forward looking within context private securities litigation reform act including limited statements concerning manufacturing marketing growth expansion words may would expect estimate anticipate believe intend similar expressions variations thereof intended identify forward looking statements forward looking information involves important risks uncertainties could affect actual results cause differ materially expectations expressed herein reveal marketing oak lawn ave ste dallas tx e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: dear ms . feldman ,  please find enclosed a proposal for the d - g energy  software license agreement in which enron may be  interested . we deliberately left blank the appendix 2  related to the number of sites and workstations it  would cover , in order to let dr . kaminski decide what  is best for enron .  sincerely  - appendices . doc  - contract . doc  h , lyette geman  professor of finance  university paris ix dauphine and essec",0,dear ms feldman please find enclosed proposal g energy software license agreement enron may interested deliberately left blank appendix related number sites workstations would cover order let dr kaminski decide best enron sincerely appendices doc contract doc h lyette geman professor finance university paris ix dauphine essec
"Subject: message from charles shen at williams  dear vince :  how are you ? thanks for coordinating an offer for me .  as i told stinson early this week , i understand that  it is a little bit tricky for enron in term of my  starting date . to be honest , i am very flexible  myself , it really depends on enron . if you want me to  start right now , then i would expect enron to  compensate for my this year ' s bonus . in this case , it  is not quite fair for enron , since now we are already  at the end of october .  another option is that we can work out an offer right  now , and i can start my new job right after i get my  bonus from williams , which should be in the very  beginning of february . this choice is perfectly fine  with me . actually it might be even a little better for  me since williams has had very good year this year .  vince , i just want to tell you that i am very  interested in your group , and very excited about this  opportunity . if you have any questions , please feel  free to call me at 918 - 409 - 4308 .  sincerely ,  charles  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! messenger - talk while you surf ! it ' s free .  http : / / im . yahoo . com /",0,message charles shen williams dear vince thanks coordinating offer told stinson early week understand little bit tricky enron term starting date honest flexible really depends enron want start right would expect enron compensate year bonus case quite fair enron since already end october another option work offer right start new job right get bonus williams beginning february choice perfectly fine actually might even little better since williams good year year vince want tell interested group excited opportunity questions please feel free call sincerely charles yahoo yahoo messenger talk surf free http im yahoo com
"Subject: re : book order  julie ,  there are many employees in london who would be interested .  you can send an inquiry to steve leppard .  i had a presentation last night  to garp in houston and did a commercial for the book .  you should put me on commission .  vince  "" julie "" on 01 / 31 / 2001 06 : 31 : 39 am  please respond to "" julie ""  to :  cc :  subject : re : book order  vince ,  ?  i wasn ' t sure if i responded to your email , so apologise either for my  delayed response or repeating myself .  ?  thanks for the 2 nd order ! ? i believe they have already been dispatched . ?  yes , i believe we received payment ; thank you very much for following up  with paul . ? glad the book was a hit !  ?  on another subject , are there any enron ? employees in europe who may be  interested in attending either the energy or the weather course ? ? or , are  the quants and risk management mostly handled out of houston ?  ?  thanks again , and i ' ll forward an invoice on to shirley .  ?  julie  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : friday , january 26 , 2001 11 : 29 pm  subject : book order  julie ,  we received the shipment of 50 books . thanks .  the book was an instant hit . we need 50 more books .  vince  p . s . i understand paul sent you the check for the remaining 50 %",0,book order julie many employees london would interested send inquiry steve leppard presentation last night garp houston commercial book put commission vince julie please respond julie cc subject book order vince sure responded email apologise either delayed response repeating thanks nd order believe already dispatched yes believe received payment thank much following paul glad book hit another subject enron employees europe may interested attending either energy weather course quants risk management mostly handled houston thanks forward invoice shirley julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent friday january pm subject book order julie received shipment books thanks book instant hit need books vince p understand paul sent check remaining
"Subject: professional advertising  dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org :  email is the best grow tool . we offer marketing with quality  services .  1 . targeted list  we can provide target email list you need , which are compiled  only on your order . we will customize your client email list .  * we have millions of lists in many categories .  2 . sending targeted list for you  we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will  customize your email list and send your ad for you .  * we also offer hosting & mailing server .  regards !  jone  marketing team  kzl 789 @ 56 . com  no and bye : bpserver @ hotmail . com",1,professional advertising dear projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org email best grow tool offer marketing quality services targeted list provide target email list need compiled order customize client email list millions lists many categories sending targeted list send email message target clients customize email list send ad also offer hosting mailing server regards jone marketing team kzl com bye bpserver hotmail com
"Subject: new invoice for energy and weather  vince ,  ?  please find attached a replacement invoice for invoice number 215 . ? this  invoice includes the correction in charges for the weather course , and for  only one attendee for the energy derivatives course .  ?  if you should have any questions , please contact me .  ?  sincerely ,  julie  - enron 283 _ 9 _ 04 _ 01 . doc",0,new invoice energy weather vince please find attached replacement invoice invoice number invoice includes correction charges weather course one attendee energy derivatives course questions please contact sincerely julie enron doc
"Subject: technical corner  for when you return . . .  sam  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by william smith / corp / enron on 09 / 11 / 2000  07 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  giuseppe _ paleologo @ enron . net on 09 / 08 / 2000 05 : 00 : 17 pm  to : william . smith @ enron . com  cc :  subject : technical corner  hi will ( or sam ) ! i hope you had a good weekend ! the probability of the car  being blue should be . . . . hemmm . . . . let ' s see . . . . 41 . 38 % ? ? ?  by the way , do you know of any book on the collapse of ltcm ?  ciao ,  giuseppe",0,technical corner return sam forwarded william smith corp enron giuseppe paleologo enron net pm william smith enron com cc subject technical corner hi sam hope good weekend probability car blue hemmm let see way know book collapse ltcm ciao giuseppe
"Subject: hello  from = seko moshood mobutu  tel = 234 - 1 - 776 - 2397  dear friend  i am the first son of the late mobutu sese seko , the  former  president  of the congo republic . i am presently under  protective custody  in nigeria  as  a political refugee . i got your contact over the internet during my  search for a  stranger  that  can cooperate with me in this mutual transaction . i took this option because my family friends and associates cpuld not be trusted any more since they contributed to my present predicament .  i want you to note that this business will benefit  both of us .  however ,  you must confirm your ability to handle this because  it involves  a large  amount of money . the money ( 50 million us dollars is  my share of  my  father ' s  estate . i boxed and shipped the money to a security  company  abroad at the  peak of the war / political crisis that rocked my  country few  years ago . now  the crisis has ended and i need a trustworthy person  like you to  proceed to  the place of the security company in order to clear  the fund and  invest on  my behalf as i dont want my name to be used for now .  note that i will send to you the relevant documents  that will  enable  you take possesion of the the fund for onward  investment for our  mutual  benefit . all i need from you is as follows :  1 . a letter of committment ( duely signed ) that you  will keep the  transaction strictly confidential .  2 . your confirmation of your ability to handle this .  3 . your international identity or driving licence  number for  identification  to the security company .  4 . your telephone and fax numbers for communication .  5 . your full permanent address .  as soon as i get the above information from you , i  will disclose  to  you the name and the country of the security company .  i will  forward your  name and particulars to the security company to enable  them contact you  accordingly . i will also send to you a letter of  authority to  enable you  clear the fund on my behalf . note that this is a very  safe  transaction as  this money is my share of my father ' sestate .  i am waiting for your response to enable us proceed .  regards ,  moshood seko mobutu",1,hello seko moshood mobutu tel dear friend first son late mobutu sese seko former president congo republic presently protective custody nigeria political refugee got contact internet search stranger cooperate mutual transaction took option family friends associates cpuld trusted since contributed present predicament want note business benefit us however must confirm ability handle involves large amount money money million us dollars share father estate boxed shipped money security company abroad peak war political crisis rocked country years ago crisis ended need trustworthy person like proceed place security company order clear fund invest behalf dont want name used note send relevant documents enable take possesion fund onward investment mutual benefit need follows letter committment duely signed keep transaction strictly confidential confirmation ability handle international identity driving licence number identification security company telephone fax numbers communication full permanent address soon get information disclose name country security company forward name particulars security company enable contact accordingly also send letter authority enable clear fund behalf note safe transaction money share father sestate waiting response enable us proceed regards moshood seko mobutu
"Subject: peace tree designs : creating extraordinary art for ordinary items !  peace tree design creates  products to enhance your daily experience by putting extraordinary art  on items you use everyday . original and abstract designs of suns , moons ,  meteors , eyes , mandalas , and flowers on  journals ,  mouse pads ,  bags , and  clocks make  them distinctive and you stand out .  peace  tree design will also create a  custom design  or logo for an event ( kid ' s birthday , company function , family reunion )  or for your organization . ",1,peace tree designs creating extraordinary art ordinary items peace tree design creates products enhance daily experience putting extraordinary art items use everyday original abstract designs suns moons meteors eyes mandalas flowers journals mouse pads bags clocks make distinctive stand peace tree design also create custom design logo event kid birthday company function family reunion organization
"Subject: credit risk update  vince ,  per bill ' s request , attached is the credit supplement from the board meeting .  stephanie  3 - 9283",0,credit risk update vince per bill request attached credit supplement board meeting stephanie
"Subject: re : agenda for ny mg metals visit  lloyd ,  no problem . i wanted to make sure that everybody realizes how  detailed - oriented our tasks are  and that we have to be in direct communication with our counterparties .  vince  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : lloyd fleming 07 / 14 / 2000 10 : 40 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam  ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , dale  surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : agenda for ny mg metals visit  vince ,  i certainly think anjam & tanya should visit ny , but i simply had a concern  that some of the questions being asked had already been covered by anjam /  myself and andreas but had somehow not been communicated .  my message was not intended to convey any another impression . i ' ve also now  spoken with anjam  2 . information on exotic options structures ( existing  3 . the data flow ( are we going to get data from london or ny ) .  4 a . storage of positions information at mg . how to extract the positions  info from  mg database into spreadsheets .  4 b . existing positions structure for each metal .  5 . introduction to concentrates trading business , key personnel .  best regards ,  tanya & anjam  713 853 3997",0,agenda ny mg metals visit lloyd problem wanted make sure everybody realizes detailed oriented tasks direct communication counterparties vince enron capital trade resources corp europe lloyd fleming vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc richard sage lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect anjam ahmad lon ect ect bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect subject agenda ny mg metals visit vince certainly think anjam tanya visit ny simply concern questions asked already covered anjam andreas somehow communicated message intended convey another impression also spoken anjam information exotic options structures existing data flow going get data london ny storage positions information mg extract positions info mg database spreadsheets b existing positions structure metal introduction concentrates trading business key personnel best regards tanya anjam
Subject: delivery status notification ( failure )  this is an automatically generated delivery status notification .  delivery to the following recipients failed .  roger @ gryphon . com . au,1,delivery status notification failure automatically generated delivery status notification delivery following recipients failed roger gryphon com au
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  just few examples :  - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage !  best reqards ,  valarie ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions german french spanish uk many others examples norton internet security pro windows xp professional sp fuii version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite including macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianguage best reqards valarie
"Subject: server for mailing  dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org :  bulletproof dedicated server :  clean ips  1024 mb ram ddr  p 4 3 . 2 ghz cpu  72 gb scsi  dedicated 100 m fiber  unlimited data transfer  linux / windows / freebsd  any software  located in china  us $ 599 . 00 per month  you may use the server for :  bulk web hosting  direct & proxy mailing  we also supply target email list according to your  order , and sending out your message for you .  looking forward to do business with you .  cheers !  mr bell  support team  kzll 23123 @ sohu . com  click here to take : noit @ yahoo . com",1,server mailing dear projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org bulletproof dedicated server clean ips mb ram ddr p ghz cpu gb scsi dedicated fiber unlimited data transfer linux windows freebsd software located china us per month may use server bulk web hosting direct proxy mailing also supply target email list according order sending message looking forward business cheers mr bell support team kzll sohu com click take noit yahoo com
"Subject: dinner speaker - may 23  vince :  michael crew would like you to be a speaker on wednesday , may 23 rd  instead of the 24 th at the rutgers conference . is this ok ?  he is preparing the agenda and needs to know as soon as possible .  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001  02 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" michael a . crew "" on 03 / 21 / 2001 10 : 07 : 52 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : vkamins @ enron . com , crri @ andromeda . rutgers . edu ,  kleindorfer @ wharton . upenn . edu  subject : dinner speaker - may 23  shirley ,  this is to follow up today ' s conversation with anita . as mentioned paul  kleindorfer invited vince to be our dinner speaker on thursday , may 24 . on  reflection given the strong line up for wednesday - fred kahn et al - we  would very much like vince to be the speaker on wednesday . this will  conclude the day very well giving participants a strong incentive to be there  for the wednesday .  i gather that this change should be acceptable to vince .  we will show vince ' s name as follows :  wincety j . kaminski  managing director - research  enron  jeremy will be em ailing you the program with this information immediately .  we would like to go to press today . failing that we can go to press  tomorrow . we would very much appreciate your confirming this and making any  corrections or changes . if you would respond to all of us it would be  appreciated .  michael  michael a . crew  professor ii  director - center for research in regulated industries  editor - journal of regulatory economics  rutgers university , graduate school of management  180 university avenue  newark , n . j . 07102 - 1897  phone : 973 353 5049 fax : 973 353 1348  http : / / www - rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri",0,dinner speaker may vince michael crew would like speaker wednesday may rd instead th rutgers conference ok preparing agenda needs know soon possible shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm michael crew shirley crenshaw enron com cc vkamins enron com crri andromeda rutgers edu kleindorfer wharton upenn edu subject dinner speaker may shirley follow today conversation anita mentioned paul kleindorfer invited vince dinner speaker thursday may reflection given strong line wednesday fred kahn et al would much like vince speaker wednesday conclude day well giving participants strong incentive wednesday gather change acceptable vince show vince name follows wincety j kaminski managing director research enron jeremy em ailing program information immediately would like go press today failing go press tomorrow would much appreciate confirming making corrections changes would respond us would appreciated michael michael crew professor ii director center research regulated industries editor journal regulatory economics rutgers university graduate school management university avenue newark n j phone fax http www rci rutgers edu crri
"Subject: computer  recently a new person moved into our  space on 32 nd floor .  being that the gentleman is there , i decided  to move our computer out of his working space .  the computer will be moved to desk in our area  until the new hire arrives .  fyi  thanks  kevin moore",0,computer recently new person moved space nd floor gentleman decided move computer working space computer moved desk area new hire arrives fyi thanks kevin moore
"Subject: fw : fw : question about ernie  vince ,  i left you a voice message that explains a little about the history of this  inquiry ( you may want to refer to that first ) .  please let me know what you know about this and your opinion .  thank you ,  anthony  * 36304  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : presas , gracie  sent : monday , march 05 , 2001 5 : 38 pm  to : sexton , anthony  subject : re : fw : question about ernie  anthony ,  please contact vince kaminsky at ext . 3 - 3848 . i think his group has this  type of training set up . ask him is you can be added to their classes . let  me know if this works for you .  gracie  from : anthony sexton / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 05 / 2001 01 : 31 pm  to : gracie s presas / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : fw : question about ernie  hi , gracie .  i ' m just following up on my inquiry from last week . have you begun any  discussions on statistics classes ?  anthony  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : sexton , anthony  sent : thursday , march 01 , 2001 8 : 28 am  to : presas , gracie  subject : question about ernie  gracie ,  does enron have any statistics classes ? ones more focused on basic  statistics and the lingo ( ex : alpha , beta , delta - gamma , type i & ii error ,  distributions , kurtosis , etc . ) than the var class ?  i have not seen any in the class schedule . in working with traders and  studying risk mangement concepts , even our "" experts "" that know almost  everything about marketing and modeling risk management products do not seem  to have an adequate understanding of basic statistics ! ! ! this lack of  knowledge basically makes my job as a fundamentals analyst ( researching the  underlying commodity markets for the purpose of maximizing egm / ea / eim  profits ) very inefficient .  if they already do not exist , i recommend that ernie institute two types of  statistics classes ( which mirror the existing finance class selection ) .  "" introduction to statistics "" ( perhaps a database approach - including  application to excel ? ) and "" applied statistics "" ( which would be a more  advanced approach that specifies how enron uses - or should use - statistics  in risk management marketing ) .  please let me know what you think .  cordially ,  anthony sexton  * 36304",0,fw fw question ernie vince left voice message explains little history inquiry may want refer first please let know know opinion thank anthony original message presas gracie sent monday march pm sexton anthony subject fw question ernie anthony please contact vince kaminsky ext think group type training set ask added classes let know works gracie anthony sexton enron enronxgate pm gracie presas hou ect ect cc subject fw question ernie hi gracie following inquiry last week begun discussions statistics classes anthony original message sexton anthony sent thursday march presas gracie subject question ernie gracie enron statistics classes ones focused basic statistics lingo ex alpha beta delta gamma type ii error distributions kurtosis etc var class seen class schedule working traders studying risk mangement concepts even experts know almost everything marketing modeling risk management products seem adequate understanding basic statistics lack knowledge basically makes job fundamentals analyst researching underlying commodity markets purpose maximizing egm ea eim profits inefficient already exist recommend ernie institute two types statistics classes mirror existing finance class selection introduction statistics perhaps database approach including application excel applied statistics would advanced approach specifies enron uses use statistics risk management marketing please let know think cordially anthony sexton
"Subject: all the software you ' ll ever need to successfully make money online !  understanding oem software  it is impossible to say just what i mean !  above all , try something .",1,software ever need successfully make money online understanding oem software impossible say mean try something
"Subject: fwd : mgmt 656  - - - "" jack blanton , jr . "" wrote :  > date : wed , 28 feb 2001 13 : 09 : 16 - 0800 ( pst )  > from : "" jack blanton , jr . ""  > subject : mgmt 656  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  >  > dear proffesor kaminski  > i wish to audit the energy derivatives class  > which  > you are teaching on thursday nights . i am currently  > a  > second year student in the emba program and am  > chairman of nicklos drilling company . nicklos  > drilling currently operates three land rigs along  > the  > texas gulf coast and is constucting a fourth . i  > have  > received permision from the emba program to audit  > the  > class and the only conditions would be your  > permission  > and space avalability .  > thank you for your consideration ,  > jack s . blanton , jr .  > jblantonjr @ yahoo . com  > 713 - 222 - 0191  >  > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  > do you yahoo ! ?  > get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail .  > http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com /  >  do you yahoo ! ?  get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail .  http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com /",0,fwd mgmt jack blanton jr wrote date wed feb pst jack blanton jr subject mgmt vince j kaminski enron com dear proffesor kaminski wish audit energy derivatives class teaching thursday nights currently second year student emba program chairman nicklos drilling company nicklos drilling currently operates three land rigs along texas gulf coast constucting fourth received permision emba program audit class conditions would permission space avalability thank consideration jack blanton jr jblantonjr yahoo com yahoo get email domain yahoo mail http personal mail yahoo com yahoo get email domain yahoo mail http personal mail yahoo com
"Subject: fyi : enron = the best  hi vince .  i spoke with molly mcgee down in hr - we are getting the paperwork together .  i will send you those candidates we talked about next .  just to let you know why i contacted you . . .  every student at the better universities including those in the uk - ask  either for you or enron .  i saw enron was voted the best company to work for out of 10 in the world  andthere are countless articles in the financial times on enron . for this i  am thankful to know you now !  did you know why my grandfather changed his name from wesloski to  wesley ? . . . when he came from poland to work as an autoworker in  detroit . . . there was alot of anti - polish sentiment and he was beaten and  intimidated to the point where he was afraid for his life and the saftey of  the family . he then changed the name to the english derivative from wesloski  to "" wesley "" . nevertheless , they kicked his teeth out of his mouth and beat  him senseless many times . i may change it back . . . i don ' t know .  ok - i will get everything together for you and molly !  thank you for the opportunity to work with you vince and enron .  thank you ,  jeff  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *  - private 9498132241 . pdf",0,fyi enron best hi vince spoke molly mcgee hr getting paperwork together send candidates talked next let know contacted every student better universities including uk ask either enron saw enron voted best company work world andthere countless articles financial times enron thankful know know grandfather changed name wesloski wesley came poland work autoworker detroit alot anti polish sentiment beaten intimidated point afraid life saftey family changed name english derivative wesloski wesley nevertheless kicked teeth mouth beat senseless many times may change back know ok get everything together molly thank opportunity work vince enron thank jeff get free secure online email http www ziplip com private pdf
"Subject: re : interview  steve ,  i submitted my evaluation . general impression was rather  negative : he seems to be a consultant type person  who speaks about everything with confidence but is short on depth  and technical details .  he is personable , outspoken , organized - on the positive  side .  also , the red flag is that he jumps from job to job : typical after  18 - 24 months when any organization can ascertain his usefulness .  vince  from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 17 / 2001 01 : 03 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : interview  hi vince ,  what did you think of david hsu ?  my thoughts .  overall a good guy . personable . intelligent .  he could communicate reasonably well , but seemed to be capable of losing objectivity in favour of technical advancement .  he didn ' t seem comfortable with taking a man - management role ( at least he didn ' t want to be an ' administrator ' )  he appeared to know a lot about risk . ( in fact jay web called me to say he felt david was one of the better risk guys he had seen but also commented that he needed to be coupled with a project manager to be successfull ) .  regards  steve",0,interview steve submitted evaluation general impression rather negative seems consultant type person speaks everything confidence short depth technical details personable outspoken organized positive side also red flag jumps job job typical months organization ascertain usefulness vince stephen stock enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject interview hi vince think david hsu thoughts overall good guy personable intelligent could communicate reasonably well seemed capable losing objectivity favour technical advancement seem comfortable taking man management role least want administrator appeared know lot risk fact jay web called say felt david one better risk guys seen also commented needed coupled project manager successfull regards steve
"Subject: schedule for aram sogomonian  following is the schedule for aram sogomonian :  friday , april 28 - eb 2935  8 : 30 - 9 : 30 . - vince kaminski  9 : 30 - 10 : 30 - andrea reed  10 : 30 - 11 : 30 - carl tricoli  11 : 30 - 12 : 30 - jesus ' melendrez",0,schedule aram sogomonian following schedule aram sogomonian friday april eb vince kaminski andrea reed carl tricoli jesus melendrez
"Subject: re : power 2000  zimin ,  you are the lst . feel free to register as my guest .  vince  zimin lu  02 / 14 / 2000 02 : 59 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : power 2000  vince ,  could you take me as your guest for the power 2000 conference if  no one has asked already ?  there are a few interesting topics i would like to hear .  zimin",0,power zimin lst feel free register guest vince zimin lu pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject power vince could take guest power conference one asked already interesting topics would like hear zimin
"Subject: enron : wefa luncheon may 1  would you like to attend the presentation and join me for lunch  with wefa .  any other suggestions re attendance .  please , let shirley know .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001  12 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" peter mcnabb "" on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 52 : 47 am  to :  cc : "" kemm farney ""  subject : enron : wefa luncheon may 1  dear vince  thanks for your voicemail and delighted to have you confirm lunch on may 1 .  kemm farney the head of wefa ' s electric power services will be travelling  with me this time . i expect there may be other enron colleagues that may  care to join us for lunch so don ' t hesitate to invite as you see fit . for  reservations purposes , perhaps you arrange to let me know numbers .  kemm would also be prepared to informally present our current power outlook  to a larger group at 11 : 00 , if this would be of interest .  as you know , these types of presentations are part of all your wefa energy  retainer package . i will also plan to update you with respect to our current  multi client study schedule for the remainder of the year .  regards , peter  peter a . mcnabb  vice president energy , north america  wefa inc .  2 bloor st . w .  toronto , canada  m 4 w 3 rl  416 - 513 - 0061 ex 227  - 2001 energy brochure . doc  - wefaenergy _ factsheet for energy scenarios 2001 . doc",0,enron wefa luncheon may would like attend presentation join lunch wefa suggestions attendance please let shirley know vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm peter mcnabb cc kemm farney subject enron wefa luncheon may dear vince thanks voicemail delighted confirm lunch may kemm farney head wefa electric power services travelling time expect may enron colleagues may care join us lunch hesitate invite see fit reservations purposes perhaps arrange let know numbers kemm would also prepared informally present current power outlook larger group would interest know types presentations part wefa energy retainer package also plan update respect current multi client study schedule remainder year regards peter peter mcnabb vice president energy north america wefa inc bloor st w toronto canada w rl ex energy brochure doc wefaenergy factsheet energy scenarios doc
"Subject: research ' s summer outlook  the research weather group has posted the 2001 summer outlook on research  intranet page , under the afternoon video report .  the links are :  cussioncontent . asp ? item = afternoon  and http : / / enaresearch . corp . enron . com / research / framework / default . asp",0,research summer outlook research weather group posted summer outlook research intranet page afternoon video report links cussioncontent asp item afternoon http enaresearch corp enron com research framework default asp
"Subject: re : eol phase 2  michael ,  please , contact zimin lu .  vince kaminski  michael danielson  06 / 30 / 2000 01 : 10 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : angela connelly / lon / ect @ ect , savita puthigai / na / enron @ enron  subject : eol phase 2  thanks for your help on content for eol phase 2 .  an additional piece of content that we are trying to include in our scope is  an options calculator . this would be an interactive tool to teach less  sophisticated counterparties about options . we would like to collaborate  with someone in research to refine our approach ( and make sure we ' re using  the right formulas ) . who should we contact in research for this ?  attached is a mock - up of what we have in mind . . .  - calculator prototype . ppt",0,eol phase michael please contact zimin lu vince kaminski michael danielson pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc angela connelly lon ect ect savita puthigai na enron enron subject eol phase thanks help content eol phase additional piece content trying include scope options calculator would interactive tool teach less sophisticated counterparties options would like collaborate someone research refine approach make sure using right formulas contact research attached mock mind calculator prototype ppt
"Subject: extreme value theory applied to weathet  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christian werner / enron _ development on  19 / 08 / 2000 10 : 06 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  christian werner on 19 / 08 / 2000 02 : 08 : 56  to : vince . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : extreme value theory applied to weather  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christian werner / enron _ development on  19 / 08 / 2000 01 : 15 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  christian werner on 19 / 08 / 2000 01 : 55 : 56  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : extreme value theory applied to weather  dear vince ,  back in july , when you visited our sydney office you mentioned extreme value  theory . i am wondering whether research is looking into the application  of extreme value theory to power and esp . to weather . in a recent news  article it was highlighted that a trend in the industry towards t _ max , t _ min ,  etc .  i am in particular referring to the news article below :  in the past we have observed a similar trend where customers are asking for  t _ max , t _ min , or below or above precipitation structures . the choice in the  past has been the burn analysis on historical data . however , we are in  particular interested in the extreme events , and the application of evt could  provide a meaningful tool for the analysis .  has the research group looked into the application of evt to weather ? evt has  a long history of application in hydrology ( which would cover parts  of the precipitation structures . . . ) . also , research ( esp . at eth in zuerich )  is indicating the application of evt to v @ r . . . .  thank you !  regards ,  christian",0,extreme value theory applied weathet forwarded christian werner enron development christian werner vince kaminski enron com cc subject extreme value theory applied weather forwarded christian werner enron development christian werner vkamins enron com cc subject extreme value theory applied weather dear vince back july visited sydney office mentioned extreme value theory wondering whether research looking application extreme value theory power esp weather recent news article highlighted trend industry towards max min etc particular referring news article past observed similar trend customers asking max min precipitation structures choice past burn analysis historical data however particular interested extreme events application evt could provide meaningful tool analysis research group looked application evt weather evt long history application hydrology would cover parts precipitation structures also research esp eth zuerich indicating application evt v r thank regards christian
"Subject: sas  to the group :  if you wish to use sas , there are a few simple things you need to do :  1 ) you need to get a unix password if you don ' t already have one ( your user  id will be the same as on the nt network , but a different password is issued )  2 ) you need a program called "" exceed "" on your pc . request it from it ( you  already have this if you are already a user of lim on the unix platform )  3 ) you need an "" ftp "" program on your pc . you can go to www . download . com and  download one ( i like wsftp )  4 ) exceed is funny in the way it runs . when you invoke exceed ( or lim  advanced user ( under infobases ) if you already have this ) it will install  itself the first time , and will then "" disappear "" to the taskbar . you need to  * right * click on the taskbar on exceed , and then choose "" tools "" and "" client  startup "" and then "" new . ""  you will enter a box which should already be set for rexec and an xwindow  emulation . you need to specify the host type as sun , enter your user name and  password , set the host name to :  capers . ect . enron . com  and then , on the command line , type the following ( carefully ) :  / usr / openwin / bin / xterm - display @ d  then , use the file menu to save this as capers . xs and then click on the run !  menu . within a second or two , a window will open up with you logged into the  serve capers . you are now on a unix server , and the directory is your home  directory . from here , if you simply type "" sas "" the 3 windows for an  interactive session with sas should open on your desktop . you are in business .  5 ) you also need to install your ftp . follow the procedures with the  software , and then create a new session called "" enron "" where you choose as  the server simply "" earth "" ( do not add any further descriptors such as  . enron . com ) . supply your user name and * unix * password , check the "" remember  password "" box , and the default communication setups should be correct ( eg ,  host type as "" automatic detect "" ) .  when you invoke ftp and connect to enron , it will put you in your home  directory on the unix system , the same directory your xwindow comes up in  under exceed .  if you have any problems , i ' ll be happy to help  clayton  ps i have a complete set of new sas manuals i am happy to loan out if you ' ll  just write your name down when you take them .",0,sas group wish use sas simple things need need get unix password already one user id nt network different password issued need program called exceed pc request already already user lim unix platform need ftp program pc go www download com download one like wsftp exceed funny way runs invoke exceed lim advanced user infobases already install first time disappear taskbar need right click taskbar exceed choose tools client startup new enter box already set rexec xwindow emulation need specify host type sun enter user name password set host name capers ect enron com command line type following carefully usr openwin bin xterm display use file menu save capers xs click run menu within second two window open logged serve capers unix server directory home directory simply type sas windows interactive session sas open desktop business also need install ftp follow procedures software create new session called enron choose server simply earth add descriptors enron com supply user name unix password check remember password box default communication setups correct eg host type automatic detect invoke ftp connect enron put home directory unix system directory xwindow comes exceed problems happy help clayton ps complete set new sas manuals happy loan write name take
"Subject: re : congratulations  vince , thanks for your note . and congratulations backatcha ! i was  thrilled to see your name on the list as well . kristina",0,congratulations vince thanks note congratulations backatcha thrilled see name list well kristina
"Subject: dinner with vince kaminski  good morning mr . saksena :  reservations have been made for 6 : 00 pm , the evening of thursday ,  march 9 at latour d ' argent restaurant . the restaurant is located at 2011  ella blvd at t . c . jester blvd . men are required to wear a coat .  directions to restaurant :  coming from downtown houston :  take i - 45 north to 610 west .  take 610 west to ella blvd exit .  go south ( back under the freeway )  on ella blvd to 2011 ella at t . c . jester .  vince will meet you at the restaurant .  if you have any questions , please call me .  thanks .  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290",0,dinner vince kaminski good morning mr saksena reservations made pm evening thursday march latour argent restaurant restaurant located ella blvd c jester blvd men required wear coat directions restaurant coming downtown houston take north west take west ella blvd exit go south back freeway ella blvd ella c jester vince meet restaurant questions please call thanks shirley crenshaw
"Subject: research meeting  all  john sherriff has suggested we all get together in the near future to discuss  the demands being placed on the research group . i will be making a request  for additional resources , and the aim of the meeting is to determine the most  appropriate size for the team .  assistants : can we aim for week commencing 6 th november ?  vince : would you like to teleconference in ?  many thanks  steve",0,research meeting john sherriff suggested get together near future discuss demands placed research group making request additional resources aim meeting determine appropriate size team assistants aim week commencing th november vince would like teleconference many thanks steve
"Subject: you launched a website but no one visits it ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain .  lf you want  peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where people search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in multiple search engines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  aracelishammond _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,launched website one visits submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website oniine otherwise wili invisible virtuaily means efforts spent vain lf want peopie know website boost revenues way make site visible places people search information e submit website multiple search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards aracelishammond interested
"Subject: breaking biotech news  hey , i thought you might want to take a look at gtha  could genethera become the next darling of biotech ' as they announce collaborations with industry giant beckman coulter ?  breaking biotech news :  genethera inc . to collaborate with biotech giant beckman coulter inc .  - genethera news release july 11 th , 2005 .  genethera inc . ( otc . bb : gtha ) a molecular biotech company located in wheat ridge , co . granted first right of refusal to beckman coulter , inc . ( nyc : bec $ 63 . 34 ) to license genethera ' s patented technology for developing live - animal ' genetic diagnostic tests .  this is a significant milestone for genethera . beckman coulter is one of the world ' s leading manufacturers of biomedical testing systems , tests and supplies . our collaboration will unite the expertise of beckman coulter with the cutting edge technology of genethera .  - dr . antonio milici , m . d . , ph . d . genethera inc .  genethera provides genetic diagnostic solutions for the veterinary and agricultural industries with future plans to include the healthcare industry . the company was formed to realize the commercial potential of molecular diagnostic assays using roche ' s f - pcr technology to detect the presence of infectious disease from the blood of animals , particularly live animals . this platform enables  genethera to offer tests that are presently not available from any other technology . future plans include all infectious disease potentially affecting domesticated livestock as well as wildlife intended for human consumption with priority being given to mad cow , johne ' s and foot and mouth diseases in cattle . genethera has successfully developed the ability to detect both mad cow disease and chronic wasting disease ( cwd ) also known as mad deer or elk .  free information reguarding stocks !  e - mail  first name  last name  phone number  view full report  view full report  company : genethera inc .  symbol : gtha  exchange : otc . bb  recent price : $ 0 . 90  outstanding shares : 21 mil website : www . genethera . net  prior to the 1 st case of mad cow , u . s . beef exports in 2003 in the us were valued at near $ 6 billion . most of the export dollars have since been lost with the international us beef ban imposed in 2004 .  over 90 million cattle are in feedlots in the u . s .  over 35 million cattle have been slaughtered in the u . s . annually  beckman coulter , inc . is a leading manufacturer of biomedical testing instrument  systems , tests and supplies that simplify and automate laboratory processes . spanning the biomedical testing continuum - - from pioneering medical research and clinical trials to laboratory diagnostics and point - of - care testing - - beckman coulter ' s 200 , 000 installed systems provide essential biomedical information to enhance health care around the world . the company , based in fullerton , calif . , reported 2004 annual sales of $ 2 . 4 billion with 64 percent of this amount generated by recurring revenue from supplies , test kits and services . for more information , visit www . beckmancoulter . com .  we are looking forward to working with genethera to identify commercial applications of their technology .  - chris neary , general manager , prion business center , beckman coulter , inc .  in most countries around the globe , the discovery of a cow with mad cow disease ' leads to the immediate slaughter of hundreds , even thousands of cattle out of wide spread fear of disease spread and the need to complete disease testing on the dead animals . costly international beef recalls ' are common since mad cow ' testing ( until now ) has only been conducted after the slaughter process . genethera ' s live animal ' blood test could lead to halting of mass slaughters and widespread panic , while saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year .  through the testing of a single blood sample , genethera could end the need to slaughter entire herds of cattle and other animals for disease testing - saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year .  currently funded by an institutional money manager in southern california , genethera has plans to open laboratories worldwide to meet this exploding bse testing demand .  you want to invest in the dna revolution ? don ' t wait for customized drugs , which are years away . buy shares in a company using dna for diagnostic work .  forbes - good genes , kerry a . dolan , may 16 , 2005  new patented tests created with information gleaned from genome mapping have injected new life and higher margins ( near 75 % ) into the business . the $ 2 . 5 billion molecular diagnostics industry is expanding at a 15 % annual rate , according to consulting firm leomics associates of emerson , n . j .  genethera ( gtha ) : making their mark in biotech  genethera has just recently teamed up with biotech giant beckman coulter inc .  they are the first to market with a blood test for mad cow disease on live cattle  they have the ability to detect numerous infectious diseases utilizing genetic methods from the blood of a live animal  they are the first to market with a blood test for detecting cwd  they are presently developing a therapeutic vaccine for cwd and mad cow disease using rna interference technology  they are currently developing a blood test using the same platform for breast and prostate cancer detection with their strategic partner xpng ( xpention genetics inc . )  genethera could end beef recalls ' and potentially the slaughter of millions of animals around the globe while saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year  currently funded by an institutional money manager in southern california , genethera has plans to open laboratories worldwide to handle this growing bse testing demand .  genethera could generate revenues over $ 13 million for every 1 % of cattle tested in the usa alone  international testing figures would be staggering .  genethera technology :  genethera ' s business is based on its integrated technology platform ( itp ) that combines a proprietary diagnostic solution called gene expression assay ( gea ( tm ) ) with purivax ( tm ) , its system for analyzing large - scale dna sequencing .  the first part of this platform is the ongoing development of molecular diagnostic assays solutions using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction ( f - pcr ) technology to detect the presence of infectious disease from the blood of live animals . the second part of the itp is the development of therapeutic vaccines using rna interference technology . it also allows for the efficient , effective , and continuous testing , management and treatment of animal populations . these facts distinguish the technology from any alternative testing and management methodology available to agriculture today - - all of which require the destruction of individual animals and even entire herds . our testing and data analysis processes also allow us not only to separate infected from clean animals , but also to gain knowledge vital to development of preventative vaccines .  genethera inc . is committed to providing global access to cutting edge biotechnology services to fellow scientists in academia , the pharmaceutical industry , and the biotechnology industry . primarily , genethera ' s expertise focuses on technology relevant to animal and human immunotherapy . genethera is dedicated to furnishing dependable , high quality , cost - effective and prompt client consulting services . these services are backed by the cumulative experiences of greater than 100 years of research and development in both government and industry by genethera ' s senior scientists . genethera develops a commercial - scale implementation of adenovector purification process to support rd material production . furthermore , genethera evaluates and tests commercially available expression vectors and incorporates them into its vector repertoire . these technologies are well established within the repertoire of genethera ' s scientific staff .  genethera can uniquely detect and treat a variety of diseases in animals while they are still alive .  the company provides genetics - based diagnostic and vaccine solutions to meet the growing demands of today ' s veterinary industry and tomorrow ' s agriculture and healthcare industries . the company is organized and operated both to continually apply its scientific research to more effective management of diseases and , in so doing , realize the commercial potential of molecular biotechnology .  the core of genethera ' s operation is the ongoing development of molecular diagnostic assays using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction . ( f - pcr ) technology uses live animal blood to detect the presence of infectious diseases and for the development of vaccines for such blood born diseases . it also allows for the efficient , effective , and continuous testing , management and treatment of animal populations . these facts distinguish the technology from any alternative testing and management methodology available to agriculture today - - all of which require the destruction of individual animals and even entire herds . our testing and data analysis processes also allow us not only to separate infected from clean animals , but also to gain knowledge vital to development of preventative vaccines .  to date , genethera has successfully developed the assay ability to detect mad cow and chronic wasting disease , a disease affecting elk and deer in north america . diagnostic assays for e . coli ol 57 : h 7 and johnne ' s disease are in the final stages of development . vaccines for e . coli ol 57 : h 7 and johnne ' s disease , both of which are diseases affecting cattle , are in advanced stages of development . in the future , the company plans to expand assay application research to a wide range of diseases / animals , the immediate targets being mad cow , hoof mouth , west nile and newcastle .  genethera can detect bse using the companies patented live animal blood test that evaluates the e . d . r . f . gene sequence . the e . d . r . f . gene is proven to decrease dramatically before any tse infection is noticeable in a live animal or human . the patent gtha holds is broad based and can detect all tse diseases including mad cow ( bse ) in cattle , cwd in elk deer and creutzfeld - jacobs in humans  the company ' s patented test can detect these diseases faster than any other method developed in the marketplace and at far less a cost . the test can also be used on a mass scale using roche f - pcr , dna analyzing robotics equipment . genethera can analyze over 2000 blood samples a day with one f - pcr machine and a single technician . the project will prove highly profitable at approx $ 4 . 00 per test when wide scale commercialization is under way .  a multi - billion dollar , international demand for commercial mad cow testing has emerged around the globe .  japan conducted 3 million post - mortem rapid mad cow tests last year alone . they used the western blot developed by prionics ag in swizterland and bio - rad ' s rapid test . costs are between $ 20 and $ 40 dollars per test . most importantly , other tests in the marketplace cannot detect the disease until the animal has been killed . testing through post - mortem brain tissue exams is extremely labor intensive and costly .  japan spent between $ 60 million - $ 120 million on 3 million post mortem rapid mad cow tests in 2004 .  genethera ' s simple blood test can be collected using their patented field collection system . the sample is then mailed to the lab for testing . the company also stated in their recent 10 k that they are currently in negotiations with strategic testing partners that we believe will absorb the costs of commercializing our live animal mad cow test .  management :  dr . tony milici - chairman of the board , president ceo  dr . milici is a ph . d . in experimental hematology and m . d . in medicine and surgery , receiving degrees from university of rome ( italy ) and stanford university . his specialties include : molecular biology / biotechnology , gene therapy / molecularly oncology and molecular . he has had extensive post - graduate training that includes a fellowship in the department of clinical immunology with the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center and visiting fellow at university of rome ' s laboratory of cellular immunology and biochemistry . among his post - graduate activities , dr . milici was an assistant professor at the medical college of georgia ' s department of pharmacology toxology as well as an assistant biochemist in the department of molecular pathology at the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center in houston , tx . prior to founding genethera , inc . , dr . milici was president ceo of genetrans , inc . based in augusta , ga . , a diagnostics laboratory . for dr . milici , genethera is a realization of an ambition to demonstrate the commercial potential of molecular biotechnology .  dr . thomas j . slaga - board member  dr . slaga is a ph . d . in physiology and biophysics with undergraduate degrees in biology / chemistry . since 1999 , dr . slaga has served as an adjunct professor in the department of biochemistry molecular biology at university of colorado ' s health sciences center located in denver , co . dr . slaga ' s career is steeped in research and development roles and affiliations concentrating on cancer . examples include : chair / scientific director for cancer causation and prevention , the amc cancer research center located in denver , co ; director , professor of biochemistry at the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center ( science park - research division ) located in smithville , tx ; and group leader and research staff member , skin carcinogenesis and tumor promotion , biology division of the oak ridge national laboratory in oak ridge , tn . dr . slaga ' s blend of scientific and management experience lends to genethera ' s board an important dimension vis - - vis its development opportunities .  mr . richard w . bryans , jr . - board member - general counsel  mr . bryans is an attorney at law in denver , co . a graduate of regis university in business administration / economics , mr . bryans went on to graduate from the university of denver college of law and has been practicing law in denver for over 12 years . mr . bryans provides the genethera board with the much - valued legal perspective to benefit a young , publicly traded company . additionally , the company will be able to take advantage of mr . bryans ' legal experience in the important area of vaccine licensing that is integral to the future of genethera .  to join market movers mailings click here to find out more .  tw inc .  4636 hidden forest dr .  sarasota fl , 32430  disclaimer :  this publicly distributed email report of otc special situations report , a publication of otc growth stock watch , is a sponsored advertisement . this paid advertising issue of otc growth stock watch does not purport to provide an analysis of any company ' s financial position and is not in any way to be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . otc growth stock watch is a paid advertiser . xpention genetics inc . is the featured company . the distribution costs of this report to new subscribers , eighty thousand dollars were funded by tw inc . in an effort to create investor awareness of xpention genetics , inc . tw inc . is not a broker - dealer nor are they an investment advisor . market movers , otc growth stock watch , otc special situations report , nor is geoffrey eiten to be considered a broker - dealer though they are investment advisors . it is anticipated that this report will generate new subscriptions for growth stock watch . neither otc growth stock watch nor geoffrey eiten , the reviewer [ or analyst ] , received any compensation for this report , but both expect to receive an unknown amount of revenue from new subscriptions from the subscription offer contained herein . this report , including the opinions expressed and the statements made within , is for informational and advertising purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice and do not constitute an offer to sell any securities , and it is not soliciting an offer to buy any securities in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted . readers should consult with their own professional investment , tax and portfolio advisors before making any investment decision and should independently verify all information herein . the information used to prepare this report is believed to be from reliable sources , but no representation is made as to the accuracy or completeness of such information . investment in securities carries a high degree of risk and involves risks and uncertainties which may result in investors ' losing all of their invested capital . past performance does not guarantee future results . the information contained herein contains forward - looking statements , within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . forward - looking statements are based upon expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events to differ materially from those anticipated . forward - looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , or by statements indicating certain actions may , could , should , or might occur . any statements that express or involve predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals or future events or performance may be forward - looking statements . factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include but are not limited to adverse economic conditions , intense competition , lack of meaningful research results , inadequate capital , termination of contracts or agreements , adverse publicity and news coverage , inability to carry out research , development and commercialization plans , loss or retirement of key executives and research scientists , and other risks detailed in the company ' s reports filed with the securities and exchange commission . more complete information about xpention genetics , inc . is available from the website of the securities and exchange commission , at http : / / www . sec . gov , and copies of its filings may be read without charge at and copies obtained at prescribed rates from the public reference facilities of the commission , at 450 fifth street , nw , washington , dc 20549 .  media matrix 7025 county rd . , 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,breaking biotech news hey thought might want take look gtha could genethera become next darling biotech announce collaborations industry giant beckman coulter breaking biotech news genethera inc collaborate biotech giant beckman coulter inc genethera news release july th genethera inc otc bb gtha molecular biotech company located wheat ridge co granted first right refusal beckman coulter inc nyc bec license genethera patented technology developing live animal genetic diagnostic tests significant milestone genethera beckman coulter one world leading manufacturers biomedical testing systems tests supplies collaboration unite expertise beckman coulter cutting edge technology genethera dr antonio milici ph genethera inc genethera provides genetic diagnostic solutions veterinary agricultural industries future plans include healthcare industry company formed realize commercial potential molecular diagnostic assays using roche f pcr technology detect presence infectious disease blood animals particularly live animals platform enables genethera offer tests presently available technology future plans include infectious disease potentially affecting domesticated livestock well wildlife intended human consumption priority given mad cow johne foot mouth diseases cattle genethera successfully developed ability detect mad cow disease chronic wasting disease cwd also known mad deer elk free information reguarding stocks e mail first name last name phone number view full report view full report company genethera inc symbol gtha exchange otc bb recent price outstanding shares mil website www genethera net prior st case mad cow u beef exports us valued near billion export dollars since lost international us beef ban imposed million cattle feedlots u million cattle slaughtered u annually beckman coulter inc leading manufacturer biomedical testing instrument systems tests supplies simplify automate laboratory processes spanning biomedical testing continuum pioneering medical research clinical trials laboratory diagnostics point care testing beckman coulter installed systems provide essential biomedical information enhance health care around world company based fullerton calif reported annual sales billion percent amount generated recurring revenue supplies test kits services information visit www beckmancoulter com looking forward working genethera identify commercial applications technology chris neary general manager prion business center beckman coulter inc countries around globe discovery cow mad cow disease leads immediate slaughter hundreds even thousands cattle wide spread fear disease spread need complete disease testing dead animals costly international beef recalls common since mad cow testing conducted slaughter process genethera live animal blood test could lead halting mass slaughters widespread panic saving industry hundreds millions dollars year testing single blood sample genethera could end need slaughter entire herds cattle animals disease testing saving industry hundreds millions dollars year currently funded institutional money manager southern california genethera plans open laboratories worldwide meet exploding bse testing demand want invest dna revolution wait customized drugs years away buy shares company using dna diagnostic work forbes good genes kerry dolan may new patented tests created information gleaned genome mapping injected new life higher margins near business billion molecular diagnostics industry expanding annual rate according consulting firm leomics associates emerson n j genethera gtha making mark biotech genethera recently teamed biotech giant beckman coulter inc first market blood test mad cow disease live cattle ability detect numerous infectious diseases utilizing genetic methods blood live animal first market blood test detecting cwd presently developing therapeutic vaccine cwd mad cow disease using rna interference technology currently developing blood test using platform breast prostate cancer detection strategic partner xpng xpention genetics inc genethera could end beef recalls potentially slaughter millions animals around globe saving industry hundreds millions dollars year currently funded institutional money manager southern california genethera plans open laboratories worldwide handle growing bse testing demand genethera could generate revenues million every cattle tested usa alone international testing figures would staggering genethera technology genethera business based integrated technology platform itp combines proprietary diagnostic solution called gene expression assay gea tm purivax tm system analyzing large scale dna sequencing first part platform ongoing development molecular diagnostic assays solutions using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction f pcr technology detect presence infectious disease blood live animals second part itp development therapeutic vaccines using rna interference technology also allows efficient effective continuous testing management treatment animal populations facts distinguish technology alternative testing management methodology available agriculture today require destruction individual animals even entire herds testing data analysis processes also allow us separate infected clean animals also gain knowledge vital development preventative vaccines genethera inc committed providing global access cutting edge biotechnology services fellow scientists academia pharmaceutical industry biotechnology industry primarily genethera expertise focuses technology relevant animal human immunotherapy genethera dedicated furnishing dependable high quality cost effective prompt client consulting services services backed cumulative experiences greater years research development government industry genethera senior scientists genethera develops commercial scale implementation adenovector purification process support rd material production furthermore genethera evaluates tests commercially available expression vectors incorporates vector repertoire technologies well established within repertoire genethera scientific staff genethera uniquely detect treat variety diseases animals still alive company provides genetics based diagnostic vaccine solutions meet growing demands today veterinary industry tomorrow agriculture healthcare industries company organized operated continually apply scientific research effective management diseases realize commercial potential molecular biotechnology core genethera operation ongoing development molecular diagnostic assays using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction f pcr technology uses live animal blood detect presence infectious diseases development vaccines blood born diseases also allows efficient effective continuous testing management treatment animal populations facts distinguish technology alternative testing management methodology available agriculture today require destruction individual animals even entire herds testing data analysis processes also allow us separate infected clean animals also gain knowledge vital development preventative vaccines date genethera successfully developed assay ability detect mad cow chronic wasting disease disease affecting elk deer north america diagnostic assays e coli ol h johnne disease final stages development vaccines e coli ol h johnne disease diseases affecting cattle advanced stages development future company plans expand assay application research wide range diseases animals immediate targets mad cow hoof mouth west nile newcastle genethera detect bse using companies patented live animal blood test evaluates e r f gene sequence e r f gene proven decrease dramatically tse infection noticeable live animal human patent gtha holds broad based detect tse diseases including mad cow bse cattle cwd elk deer creutzfeld jacobs humans company patented test detect diseases faster method developed marketplace far less cost test also used mass scale using roche f pcr dna analyzing robotics equipment genethera analyze blood samples day one f pcr machine single technician project prove highly profitable approx per test wide scale commercialization way multi billion dollar international demand commercial mad cow testing emerged around globe japan conducted million post mortem rapid mad cow tests last year alone used western blot developed prionics ag swizterland bio rad rapid test costs dollars per test importantly tests marketplace detect disease animal killed testing post mortem brain tissue exams extremely labor intensive costly japan spent million million million post mortem rapid mad cow tests genethera simple blood test collected using patented field collection system sample mailed lab testing company also stated recent k currently negotiations strategic testing partners believe absorb costs commercializing live animal mad cow test management dr tony milici chairman board president ceo dr milici ph experimental hematology medicine surgery receiving degrees university rome italy stanford university specialties include molecular biology biotechnology gene therapy molecularly oncology molecular extensive post graduate training includes fellowship department clinical immunology university texas anderson cancer center visiting fellow university rome laboratory cellular immunology biochemistry among post graduate activities dr milici assistant professor medical college georgia department pharmacology toxology well assistant biochemist department molecular pathology university texas anderson cancer center houston tx prior founding genethera inc dr milici president ceo genetrans inc based augusta ga diagnostics laboratory dr milici genethera realization ambition demonstrate commercial potential molecular biotechnology dr thomas j slaga board member dr slaga ph physiology biophysics undergraduate degrees biology chemistry since dr slaga served adjunct professor department biochemistry molecular biology university colorado health sciences center located denver co dr slaga career steeped research development roles affiliations concentrating cancer examples include chair scientific director cancer causation prevention amc cancer research center located denver co director professor biochemistry university texas anderson cancer center science park research division located smithville tx group leader research staff member skin carcinogenesis tumor promotion biology division oak ridge national laboratory oak ridge tn dr slaga blend scientific management experience lends genethera board important dimension vis vis development opportunities mr richard w bryans jr board member general counsel mr bryans attorney law denver co graduate regis university business administration economics mr bryans went graduate university denver college law practicing law denver years mr bryans provides genethera board much valued legal perspective benefit young publicly traded company additionally company able take advantage mr bryans legal experience important area vaccine licensing integral future genethera join market movers mailings click find tw inc hidden forest dr sarasota fl disclaimer publicly distributed email report otc special situations report publication otc growth stock watch sponsored advertisement paid advertising issue otc growth stock watch purport provide analysis company financial position way construed offer solicitation buy sell security otc growth stock watch paid advertiser xpention genetics inc featured company distribution costs report new subscribers eighty thousand dollars funded tw inc effort create investor awareness xpention genetics inc tw inc broker dealer investment advisor market movers otc growth stock watch otc special situations report geoffrey eiten considered broker dealer though investment advisors anticipated report generate new subscriptions growth stock watch neither otc growth stock watch geoffrey eiten reviewer analyst received compensation report expect receive unknown amount revenue new subscriptions subscription offer contained herein report including opinions expressed statements made within informational advertising purposes construed investment advice constitute offer sell securities soliciting offer buy securities state jurisdiction offer sale permitted readers consult professional investment tax portfolio advisors making investment decision independently verify information herein information used prepare report believed reliable sources representation made accuracy completeness information investment securities carries high degree risk involves risks uncertainties may result investors losing invested capital past performance guarantee future results information contained herein contains forward looking statements within meaning section securities act section e securities exchange act forward looking statements based upon expectations estimates projections time statements made involve risks uncertainties could cause actual events differ materially anticipated forward looking statements may identified use words expects anticipates estimates believes statements indicating certain actions may could might occur statements express involve predictions expectations beliefs plans projections objectives goals future events performance may forward looking statements factors could cause actual results differ materially include limited adverse economic conditions intense competition lack meaningful research results inadequate capital termination contracts agreements adverse publicity news coverage inability carry research development commercialization plans loss retirement key executives research scientists risks detailed company reports filed securities exchange commission complete information xpention genetics inc available website securities exchange commission http www sec gov copies filings may read without charge copies obtained prescribed rates public reference facilities commission fifth street nw washington dc media matrix county rd dte lake mary fl e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: gentlemen ,  spoke to vince k today and asked if he would send stinson gibner to sidney  to be available on monday to review the x system .  paul , make sure our x friends are available and the confidentially agreement  is signed . further , i spoke to phillip b . about a technical going too .  g ' day mates ,  gary",0,gentlemen spoke vince k today asked would send stinson gibner sidney available monday review x system paul make sure x friends available confidentially agreement signed spoke phillip b technical going g day mates gary
"Subject: hvince , edge effectiveness testing for fas 133  vince ,  as we discussed , subject to minor changes the attached paper will appear in  the j of applied corporate planning . i ' d be most interested in your  comments .  by the way , if you like the yield curve generation process described in the  paper , we ' d be happy to perform a simulation , so that you can compare the  results based on the to the hjm procees .  i look forward to getting together with you when you come to ny to attend  the garp conference , around february 13 . just give me a brief warning .  regards ,  andy  andrew kalotay associates , inc .  ( 212 ) 482 - 0900  andy @ kalotay . com  visit our web - site http : / / www . kalotay . com  - fasl 33 article . doc",0,hvince edge effectiveness testing fas vince discussed subject minor changes attached paper appear j applied corporate planning interested comments way like yield curve generation process described paper happy perform simulation compare results based hjm procees look forward getting together come ny attend garp conference around february give brief warning regards andy andrew kalotay associates inc andy kalotay com visit web site http www kalotay com fasl article doc
"Subject: thanks vince  ok vince .  alec at rw and i are ready for you concerning howard .  thank you for the information .  jeff  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  jeff  my interview with howard will be scheduled on a different day .  vince  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *",0,thanks vince ok vince alec rw ready concerning howard thank information jeff jeff interview howard scheduled different day vince get free secure online email http www ziplip com
"Subject: resume - jeff andrews  vince ,  attached is the evaluation form and resume for your interview w / jeff andrews  this afternoon at 5 pm . i will bring him to your office at that time .  jeff is interviewing for a research position within the coal group . please  feel free to contact if there are any questions .  thanks  chris williams  ena staffing  x 39866",0,resume jeff andrews vince attached evaluation form resume interview w jeff andrews afternoon pm bring office time jeff interviewing research position within coal group please feel free contact questions thanks chris williams ena staffing x
"Subject: re : enron open positions  vince ,  just fine . i will be there at 11 : 30 am on friday , september 8 , 2000 .  see you at the enron building .  thank you .  maruti  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : mmore @ houston . rr . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  date : monday , august 28 , 2000 2 : 14 pm  subject : re : enron open positions  maruti ,  does 11 : 30 enron building work for you ?  vince  "" more "" on 08 / 28 / 2000 01 : 25 : 54 pm  to : "" vince j kaminski ""  cc :  subject : re : enron open positions  hello vince ,  thank you very much for getting back to me .  friday , september 8 is fine with me . please let me know what time would be  convenient for you and where we can meet . i can come any time anywhere .  sincerely ,  maruti  832 - 251 - 7267  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : more  cc : vince j kaminski  date : monday , august 28 , 2000 12 : 12 pm  subject : re : enron open positions  maruti ,  what about september 8 , friday ?  vince  "" more "" on 08 / 25 / 2000 03 : 27 : 26 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : enron open positions",0,enron open positions vince fine friday september see enron building thank maruti original message vince j kaminski enron com mmore houston rr com cc vince j kaminski enron com date monday august pm subject enron open positions maruti enron building work vince pm vince j kaminski cc subject enron open positions hello vince thank much getting back friday september fine please let know time would convenient meet come time anywhere sincerely maruti original message vince j kaminski cc vince j kaminski date monday august pm subject enron open positions maruti september friday vince pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject enron open positions
Subject: would you like a $ 250 gas card ?  don ' t let the current high price of gas get to you .  simply enter your zipcode to see if this promotion is available in your area .  qkppfiui,1,would like gas card let current high price gas get simply enter zipcode see promotion available area qkppfiui
"Subject: congestion pricing & forecasting program  i would like to go to this conference / tutorial on congestion modeling and  management . is that ok , or would you prefer somebody else to go ?  thanks ,  vasant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001  05 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  infocast on 01 / 19 / 2001 03 : 58 : 13 pm  to : vasant . shanbhogue @ enron . com  cc :  subject : congestion pricing & forecasting program  as an infocast preferred customer , we would like to invite you to attend our  highly acclaimed program , congestion pricing & forecasting , scheduled for  february 21 - 23 , 2001 in washington dc at a very special discount ! attend  this program for only $ 895 . 00 and the pre - conference workshop , congestion  pricing tutorial : from lmp to flow - based for only $ 520 . 00 . this is a 25 %  savings off the standard tuition ! however , this special offer is only good  through friday , january 26 , 2001 and seats are rapidly filling ! attached you  will find a copy of this timely and informative infocast program , or you can  visit our website at www . infocastinc . com .  congestion pricing & forecasting has been designed to provide you with a  clear understanding of how to predict the impacts of congestion and what  mechanisms can be used to control these impacts . experts will discuss :  ? the most advanced techniques for forecasting transmission congestion ,  locational prices and ftr prices  ? the latest approaches to the "" seams "" issues  ? the pros and cons of implementing a flow - based congestion management system  don ' t miss this excellent opportunity . but remember , this offer is only good  until january 26 , 2001 so please phone me at ( 818 ) 888 - 4444 ext . 20 or email  me at mail @ infocastinc . com and mention this letter to be registered at this  exceptional price . you can also fax or mail me your completed registration  form along with this letter .  best regards ,  hiedy vitug  preferred customer representative  infocast  ( 818 ) 888 - 4444 ext . 20  fax ( 818 ) 888 - 4440  email : mail @ infocastinc . com  enclosure  if you do not wish to receive e - mail notification of infocast conferences ,  click on the text below and send  mailto : mail @ . com ? subject = delete from mailing list  - congest . pdf",0,congestion pricing forecasting program would like go conference tutorial congestion modeling management ok would prefer somebody else go thanks vasant forwarded vasant shanbhogue hou ect pm infocast pm vasant shanbhogue enron com cc subject congestion pricing forecasting program infocast preferred customer would like invite attend highly acclaimed program congestion pricing forecasting scheduled february washington dc special discount attend program pre conference workshop congestion pricing tutorial lmp flow based savings standard tuition however special offer good friday january seats rapidly filling attached find copy timely informative infocast program visit website www infocastinc com congestion pricing forecasting designed provide clear understanding predict impacts congestion mechanisms used control impacts experts discuss advanced techniques forecasting transmission congestion locational prices ftr prices latest approaches seams issues pros cons implementing flow based congestion management system miss excellent opportunity remember offer good january please phone ext email mail infocastinc com mention letter registered exceptional price also fax mail completed registration form along letter best regards hiedy vitug preferred customer representative infocast ext fax email mail infocastinc com enclosure wish receive e mail notification infocast conferences click text send mailto mail com subject delete mailing list congest pdf
"Subject: today ' s idea  dear mr . kaminski ,  attached , there are 2 new samples of our daily market research : today ' s  issue of the morning faxes fixed income today and financial markets today .  we also have intraday market coverage , on bloomberg : idea > go , reuters : idus ,  and bridge / telerate .  if the info looks useful , we ' d like to arrange a free 30 - day trial for you  and your colleagues . for your reference , please find our price list  attached . i look forward to your reply .  best regards ,  vadim pokhlebkin  account manager  vpokhlebkin @ ideaglobal . com  tel . + 1 212 571 4332  fax + 1 212 571 4334  ideaglobal . com  140 broadway , 21 st floor  new york , ny 10005 , usa  any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender ,  except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of  ideaglobal . com . this email , its content and any files transmitted with it  are intended solely for the addressee ( s ) and may be legally privileged  and / or confidential . access by any other party is unauthorized without the  express written permission of the sender . if you have received this email in  error you may not copy or use the contents , attachments or information in  any way . please destroy it and contact the sender via the ideaglobal . com  switchboard in one of the following three offices : new york + 1 212 571 4332 ;  london + 44 171 430 2888 ; singapore + 65 332 0700  - fito 317 a . pdf  - fmto 317 n . pdf  - onesheet . doc",0,today idea dear mr kaminski attached new samples daily market research today issue morning faxes fixed income today financial markets today also intraday market coverage bloomberg idea go reuters idus bridge telerate info looks useful like arrange free day trial colleagues reference please find price list attached look forward reply best regards vadim pokhlebkin account manager vpokhlebkin ideaglobal com tel fax ideaglobal com broadway st floor new york ny usa views expressed message individual sender except sender specifically states views ideaglobal com email content files transmitted intended solely addressee may legally privileged confidential access party unauthorized without express written permission sender received email error may copy use contents attachments information way please destroy contact sender via ideaglobal com switchboard one following three offices new york london singapore fito pdf fmto n pdf onesheet doc
"Subject: * special notification * aurora version 5 . 5 release , what ' s new ?  iv  friends :  i spoken with most of you over the last few weeks regarding the new  version of aurora due to be released tomorrow . we ' ve broken a lot of  new ground with this version , and this version will serve as our  official launch into the eastern u . s . we ' ve worked closely with our  eastern customers , and responded to the needs of the market . some of  the enhancements :  aurora software modeling enhancements :  * energy storage - resources ( pumped hydro )  * market areas : no limit on number of areas  * transmission : congestion pricing .  * price caps  * risk analysis  * modeling enhancements via vb scripting : "" update data "" capability  general capabilities  * aurora ' s run time speed improved again .  * file transfers to epis  * interface enhancements  reporting enhancements  * marginal resource reporting  * resource operations reporting  * resource stacks detail consolidated  aurora databases  * east - central aurora database - - 25 market areas modeled with 11  market areas in new york iso .  * wscc aurora database - - updated ipp resources  * ercot aurora database - updated resources  * all databases updated to use the new modeling capabilities  as aurora continues to grow , and we meet the needs of the market , we  have made several procedural changes . we continue to offer free 7 - day  demos to those companies that want to take a look at the model , and get  a brief idea of how it thinks and feels . after that 7 - day demo period  we now offer either a discount for moving into a full license , or we  offer a 60 - day trial for $ 10 , 000 . 00 - - we also now offer more options  for the licensing of the model . annual licenses are priced as follows :  single user ( 1 user / 1 pc )  $ 33 , 000 . 00  limited - use ( 1 user / multiple pcs or multiple users / 1 pc )  $ 45 , 000 . 00  two - user ( 2 users / 2 pcs )  $ 55 , 000 . 00  site license ( unlimited users / pcs excluding affiliates )  $ 79 , 000 . 00  affiliate - site ( unlimited users / pcs including affiliates )  $ 99 , 000 . 00  for additional information , please contact me , and i ' ll speak with you  about how aurora can help you in your specific operations and projects .  v . todd wheeler  sales manager  epis , inc .  ( 503 ) 722 - 2023 tel . x 210  ( 503 ) 722 - 7130 fax  www . epis . com  todd @ epis . com  >  - what ' s new - version 5 . 5 information . doc",0,special notification aurora version release new iv friends spoken last weeks regarding new version aurora due released tomorrow broken lot new ground version version serve official launch eastern u worked closely eastern customers responded needs market enhancements aurora software modeling enhancements energy storage resources pumped hydro market areas limit number areas transmission congestion pricing price caps risk analysis modeling enhancements via vb scripting update data capability general capabilities aurora run time speed improved file transfers epis interface enhancements reporting enhancements marginal resource reporting resource operations reporting resource stacks detail consolidated aurora databases east central aurora database market areas modeled market areas new york iso wscc aurora database updated ipp resources ercot aurora database updated resources databases updated use new modeling capabilities aurora continues grow meet needs market made several procedural changes continue offer free day demos companies want take look model get brief idea thinks feels day demo period offer either discount moving full license offer day trial also offer options licensing model annual licenses priced follows single user user pc limited use user multiple pcs multiple users pc two user users pcs site license unlimited users pcs excluding affiliates affiliate site unlimited users pcs including affiliates additional information please contact speak aurora help specific operations projects v todd wheeler sales manager epis inc tel x fax www epis com todd epis com new version information doc
"Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website  online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to  make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your  website in multiple search engines .  submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  anderson west",1,know attract customers website submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website online otherwise invisible virtually means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues way make site visible places people search information e submit website multiple search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards anderson west
"Subject: fw : london work  hi ,  how are you ? london seems to be the same as when i left in august - no sun ,  cold , serious looking people , expensive , etc . in addition , we have had may  day riots , a post office bombing , train strike , etc . not to mention all the  excitement in enron credit .  it would be nice to know who i am supposed to be reporting to . i am getting  loads of conflicting messages - as illustrated in the forwarded email from  vasant . according to you and slava , the strategy paper / duffie report seems  to be a higher priority . however , vasant seems to indicate ( in his forwarded  email ) that this is not the priority at the moment .  in addition , there seems to be lots of chaos in enron credit - not only in  the houston office , but even more so in the london office . this brings to  mind a russian proverb i learned from slava when he expressed his views on  the current state of enron credit - "" a fish rots from the head . ""  finally , i would like to know exactly what you want me to write in this  duffie report : do you want to hear what enron credit would like to hear -  that all they need is for us to develop a private firm model for their  exisiting "" infrastructure "" ? or do you want to hear what i really see , hear ,  read , etc . ? if the latter is true , then i may need to write two reports ,  because what i am learning does not look too good and would probably not make  the enron credit personnel too happy .  well , i think i have said enough for now . look forward to your feedback .  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shanbhogue , vasant  sent : friday , may 04 , 2001 3 : 39 pm  to : mack , iris  cc : dhar , amitava  subject : london work  hi iris ,  amitava must have told you that both he and i are getting swamped with work  here . as a result , we expect you to take the lead in scoping the enron  credit project and making sure the infrastructure is readied . you should  also make sure to understand the econometric / data analysis software side of  the project - - this is probably more important than preparing a document for  duffie right now . you should definitely sit with ben / george and actually run  the software with them to get a feel for how it is to be used . but we also  need to be able to try out potential other ways of analyzing data . both  amitava and i will help as best as we can , and answer any direct questions ,  but we will have limited time to review documents , etc . i expect amitava to  get heavily involved once data starts coming , but we expect you to have  already set up the infrastructure etc for the data .  hope the trip is going well . would you be extending the trip for some more  time ?  vasant",0,fw london work hi london seems left august sun cold serious looking people expensive etc addition may day riots post office bombing train strike etc mention excitement enron credit would nice know supposed reporting getting loads conflicting messages illustrated forwarded email vasant according slava strategy paper duffie report seems higher priority however vasant seems indicate forwarded email priority moment addition seems lots chaos enron credit houston office even london office brings mind russian proverb learned slava expressed views current state enron credit fish rots head finally would like know exactly want write duffie report want hear enron credit would like hear need us develop private firm model exisiting infrastructure want hear really see hear read etc latter true may need write two reports learning look good would probably make enron credit personnel happy well think said enough look forward feedback thanks iris original message shanbhogue vasant sent friday may pm mack iris cc dhar amitava subject london work hi iris amitava must told getting swamped work result expect take lead scoping enron credit project making sure infrastructure readied also make sure understand econometric data analysis software side project probably important preparing document duffie right definitely sit ben george actually run software get feel used also need able try potential ways analyzing data amitava help best answer direct questions limited time review documents etc expect amitava get heavily involved data starts coming expect already set infrastructure etc data hope trip going well would extending trip time vasant
"Subject: greetings from garp  greetings from garp ! we are having the next meeting january 30 th at enron .  time 6 : 30 pm until 8 : 30 pm  you are invited to bring a friend with you , however you will need to rsvp .  vince kaminski will lead a discussion regarding volatility in the energy  markets . refreshments provided .  in order to provide easy access to enron ' s facilities and due to security  concerns , garp and enron request that everyone rsvp . a guest list will be  given to security .  rsvp to rita hennessy . her email address is :  rita . hennessy @ enron . com  i would like to express my thanks , in advance , to mr . kaminski for leading  our group in this informative discussion . as many of you are aware , energy  markets present some unique challenges to risk managers , and volatility is  certainly one of them !  look forward to seeing you on tuesday night .  regards ,  frank hayden  regional director - garp",0,greetings garp greetings garp next meeting january th enron time pm pm invited bring friend however need rsvp vince kaminski lead discussion regarding volatility energy markets refreshments provided order provide easy access enron facilities due security concerns garp enron request everyone rsvp guest list given security rsvp rita hennessy email address rita hennessy enron com would like express thanks advance mr kaminski leading group informative discussion many aware energy markets present unique challenges risk managers volatility certainly one look forward seeing tuesday night regards frank hayden regional director garp
"Subject: re : happy new year !  shannon ,  thanks . the same to you .  sorry to have missed your class . i had a very bad case  of flu with some additional complications . i shall be glad to make  a presentation on the same topic on another occasion .  vince  "" shannon burchett "" on 12 / 28 / 99 12 : 15 : 59 pm  please respond to "" shannon burchett ""  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : happy new year !  vince ,  wishing you a very happy and prosperous new millennium !  happy new year ,  shannon  risk limited corporation  box 612666 dallas , texas 75261 usa tel : 972 . 245 . 8300 fax : 972 . 245 . 8318  www . risklimited . com  - attl . htm",0,happy new year shannon thanks sorry missed class bad case flu additional complications shall glad make presentation topic another occasion vince shannon burchett pm please respond shannon burchett vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject happy new year vince wishing happy prosperous new millennium happy new year shannon risk limited corporation box dallas texas usa tel fax www risklimited com attl htm
"Subject: eprm article  hi vince ,  ?  as always , it was good to see you again in houston - we all enjoyed the meal  very much , the restaurant was a good choice .  ?  it ' s that time again i ' m afraid . can you pls cast your eye over the  attached ? and , if at all possible , get back to me in the next few days - i  have to deliver something to london by friday .  ?  how ' s the course going at rice ? not too much work i hope .  ?  best regards .  ?  chris .  ?  - eprm _ 09 _ fwd _ vol _ estimation . doc",0,eprm article hi vince always good see houston enjoyed meal much restaurant good choice time afraid pls cast eye attached possible get back next days deliver something london friday course going rice much work hope best regards chris eprm fwd vol estimation doc
"Subject: life - time upgrades for freeq 4 ili 6 p 8  below is the result of your feedback form . it was submitted by  ( blowdamovie @ atlas . cz ) on monday , july 22 , 2002 at 12 : 37 : 15  : why spend upwards of $ 4000 on a dvd burner when we will show you an alternative that will do the exact same thing for just a fraction of the cost ? copy your dvd ' s now . best price on the net . click here : http : / / 010 @ www . dvdcopyxp . com / cgi - bin / enter . cgi ? marketing _ id?xo 07 click to remove http : / / 011 @ www . spambites . com / cgi - bin / enter . cgi ? spambytes _ id  0115 ",1,life time upgrades freeq ili p result feedback form submitted blowdamovie atlas cz monday july spend upwards dvd burner show alternative exact thing fraction cost copy dvd best price net click http www dvdcopyxp com cgi bin enter cgi marketing idxo click remove http www spambites com cgi bin enter cgi spambytes id
"Subject: digital voice recorders  dear sir / madam  our company is designer and manufacturer of digital voice recorders ( dvr ) edic - mini http : / / www . telesys . ru / english / edic - mini . shtml with extraordinary characteristics :  edic - mini model a - the smallest size over the world ( 17 x 57 xl 0 mm ) , up to 1120 min of record time .  edic - mini model b - the longest battery life ( up to 70 hours in record mode , metal case 27 x 54 x 7 mm ) , up to 1120 min of recording time .  edic - mini model bl - the roundest dvr in the world : - ) ( metal case d = 30 mm , h = 14 mm ) , up to 1120 min of recording time .  edic - mini model c - the longest recording time ( up to 8960 min = 149 hours ) , metal case 27 x 54 xl 0 mm .  coming soon :  edic - mini model s - stereo digital voice recorder .  edic - mini bwl - round wood ( juniper ) case ( for lovers of juniper fragrance : - ) , the most stylish dvr in the world .  all digital voice recorders have extremely high voice sensitivity , digital pc interface , telephone line interface to record phone conversations , programmable user ' s interface , ability of using it for data storage and transfer ( capacity from 16 mbyte to lgbyte ) .  also we produce voice modules ( assembled pcb only ) emm http : / / www . telesys . ru / english / modules . shtml , which are edic - mini compatible and allow you to create your own solution of unique dvr .  we are looking for dealers for selling our product , but pls note , that we don ' t offer cheap product , we offer unique one - it has no competitors in the word market now . we are ready to design and produce any kind of dvr upon your request . low volume order ( 100 + ) is acceptable too .  welcome to our website http : / / www . telesys . ru / english to get more information .  * * * sorry , if this information isn ' t interesting for you . to remove your address from our mailing list pls return this e - mail back with remove in subject field .  thank you .  with best regards ,  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  yana korshun ,  sales manager of "" telesystems ""  e - mail : isales @ telesys . ru  www site in russian : http : / / www . telesys . ru  www site in english : http : / / www . telesys . ru / english  never send spam . it is bad .",1,digital voice recorders dear sir madam company designer manufacturer digital voice recorders dvr edic mini http www telesys ru english edic mini shtml extraordinary characteristics edic mini model smallest size world x xl mm min record time edic mini model b longest battery life hours record mode metal case x x mm min recording time edic mini model bl roundest dvr world metal case mm h mm min recording time edic mini model c longest recording time min hours metal case x xl mm coming soon edic mini model stereo digital voice recorder edic mini bwl round wood juniper case lovers juniper fragrance stylish dvr world digital voice recorders extremely high voice sensitivity digital pc interface telephone line interface record phone conversations programmable user interface ability using data storage transfer capacity mbyte lgbyte also produce voice modules assembled pcb emm http www telesys ru english modules shtml edic mini compatible allow create solution unique dvr looking dealers selling product pls note offer cheap product offer unique one competitors word market ready design produce kind dvr upon request low volume order acceptable welcome website http www telesys ru english get information sorry information interesting remove address mailing list pls return e mail back remove subject field thank best regards yana korshun sales manager telesystems e mail isales telesys ru www site russian http www telesys ru www site english http www telesys ru english never send spam bad
"Subject: a message from ken lay and jeff skilling  with deep regret we announce that joe sutton , vice chairman of enron , has  decided to leave the company . joe has indicated his desire to pursue other  opportunities in the energy asset development and operations business .  joe has been instrumental in making enron a global company . we will miss his  energy and enthusiasm . we wish joe the very best as he pursues new endeavors .  ken and jeff",0,message ken lay jeff skilling deep regret announce joe sutton vice chairman enron decided leave company joe indicated desire pursue opportunities energy asset development operations business joe instrumental making enron global company miss energy enthusiasm wish joe best pursues new endeavors ken jeff
"Subject: launch issue / the risk desk  dear trading and risk exec : i ' ve attached the premier issue of our newest  publication covering the traded energy markets - - the risk desk - - sister  publication to our leading weekly , the desk . the attached issue ( a pdf file )  is of course free and has zero obligation .  the publication was created in response from readers like you , who requested  a less dense , more upbeat and generally more readable publication dedicated  to original news , analysis , and commentary on price , credit , operational and  market risk management in the evolving energy trading space .  and , because you ' re either a current or recent subscriber to one of our other  publications , we ' re offering you a very special charter rate to our new  publication - - that is if you contact us before may 27 th . contact us in the  next 30 days and subscribe to a full year of the risk desk for only $ 199 ! !  after may 27 , we will of course ratchet up the price , good capitalists that  we are .  but for now , enjoy your free , no - obligation issue to the risk desk . we look  forward to hearing from you , soon .  regards ,  john sodergreen  john sodergreen  editor - in - chief  scudder publishing group , llc  ph : 410 / 923 - 0688  fax : 410 / 923 - 0667  johns @ scudderpublishing . com  the desk , the risk desk , power executive  the bandwidth desk , energy ebusiness  - april 27 . 01 risk . pdf",0,launch issue risk desk dear trading risk exec attached premier issue newest publication covering traded energy markets risk desk sister publication leading weekly desk attached issue pdf file course free zero obligation publication created response readers like requested less dense upbeat generally readable publication dedicated original news analysis commentary price credit operational market risk management evolving energy trading space either current recent subscriber one publications offering special charter rate new publication contact us may th contact us next days subscribe full year risk desk may course ratchet price good capitalists enjoy free obligation issue risk desk look forward hearing soon regards john sodergreen john sodergreen editor chief scudder publishing group llc ph fax johns scudderpublishing com desk risk desk power executive bandwidth desk energy ebusiness april risk pdf
"Subject: williams licenses prosrm capacity management system from pros  revenue management  since i left , i don ' t know where this project stands . however , thought you  might want to see this .  hope all is well .  regards ,  stephanie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie miller / corp / enron on 03 / 15 / 2000  10 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  trobison @ prosrm . com on 03 / 15 / 2000 10 : 38 : 31 am  to : smiller @ enron . com  cc :  subject : williams licenses prosrm capacity management system from pros  revenue management  tina robison  corporate communications  pros revenue management  713 - 335 - 5397 - fax  713 - 335 - 5813 - phone  trobison @ prosrm . com  - williams . pros . pdf",0,williams licenses prosrm capacity management system pros revenue management since left know project stands however thought might want see hope well regards stephanie forwarded stephanie miller corp enron trobison prosrm com smiller enron com cc subject williams licenses prosrm capacity management system pros revenue management tina robison corporate communications pros revenue management fax phone trobison prosrm com williams pros pdf
"Subject: summer intern for the research group  elizabeth ,  can you please direct me to someone to assist us in making an offer to a  young lady we just interviewed ? we would like to bring her in as a summer  intern the same way that we brought in james bradley aimone .  she will be reporting to stinson gibner and i believe she is available right  away .  i am attaching her resume .  thanks for your help .",0,summer intern research group elizabeth please direct someone assist us making offer young lady interviewed would like bring summer intern way brought james bradley aimone reporting stinson gibner believe available right away attaching resume thanks help
"Subject: enron open positions  hello mr . kaminski ,  can we meet for a quick lunch again at your  convenience ? just to bring you up to date about my search for the right  opportunity . also i noticed in the risk magazine that enron investment  partners and aig have joined treasuryconnect as strategic partners to  capitalize on internet - based transaction execution of financial derivatives .  i would like to explore if i can be any help to hank finkenstaedt , the  director of enron investment partners .  please let me know what day and time might be  convenient for you .  thank you .  sincerely ,  maruti more  832 - 251 - 7267  mmore @ houston . rr . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : more  to : vince j kaminski  date : monday , july 10 , 2000 11 : 28 am  subject : enron open positions  dear mr . kaminski :  i would like to explore the opportunity to join  enron investment partners . i understand that enron has $ 20 million fund set  up to finance start - ups , and gene humphreys and his assistant john godbold  are trying to attract minority - owned start - up firms . i also learned that  enron has plans to increase the size of this fund to $ 200 million . i can find  these opportunities for enron around the globe . given my background as a  chartered financial analyst , with hands - on experience in investment  management covering financial derivatives , fixed income , and equity , i can be  a valuable resource to do the due diligence , origination , valuation , and  monitoring of these start - ups . would you please help me arrange a meeting  with either gene humphreys , ted murphy , or may be ken lay ?  i am pasting below the job opportunities open at enron . i am also interested  in these positions and would like to meet with the hiring manager .  i will give you a call to follow up .  thank you .  sincerely ,  maruti more  832 - 251 - 7267  job 0000104282 details  manager / director  essential functions : candidates will be responsible for helping  facilitate the transaction approval process for domestic and international  investments . these investments include , but are not limited to , private  equity , project development , venture capital , and structured credits .  candidates will work with business developers and underwriters in  identifying , understanding , and documenting transaction risks . they will also  assist in preparing transaction approval documentation . in addition , they  will oversee the valuation , modeling , and simulation process for investments .  the primary focus is to identify and measure key risk factors from both a  quantitative and a qualitative perspective with an emphasis on fundamental  analysis . the candidate must be able to assist in management and training of  departmental staff and in formulation of investment valuation policies and  procedures .  essential requirements : ? strong interpersonal skills ?  understanding of transaction structuring and credit risk issues ?  understanding of finance and valuation methodologies . ? proficiency with  excel cash flow models ? experience with financial statement analysis ?  understanding of statistics and simulation techniques ( monte carlo ) .  preferred skills : na .  special characteristics : the ideal candidate will possess an  undergraduate degree in finance , accounting , or economics , and an mba .  relevant experience could include credit analysis or valuation / finance  experience . manager / director in the risk assessment department of a $ 20  billion energy company .  contact : please email resumes to corpjobsl @ enron . com , please  refer to job no . 104282 when responding .  job id 0000104282  department capital pricing / risk an  company corporate staff  risk assessment and control  location houston , tx  type  posting date 05 - jun - 00  to submit your resume for this position :  online enter your resume id : no resume id ? you can create a  resume on - line , deposit it in our database , and receive a resume id using our  resume builder .  your resume id will allow you to submit your resume  once , but route it to up to 20 open positions . enron does not process resumes  that are not sent in response to specific positions .  if you have an existing resume in electronic format ,  the resume builder allows you to cut and paste your whole resume .  fax our fax number is 1 - 888 - 588 - 7152 .  you must tell us which jobs you ' re interested in , or  we will not be able to process your resume . write on your resume ( or on a  separate page ) all of the jobs ids of the jobs you ' re interested in pursuing .  an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer  top of page copyright 1997 - 1999 enron corp . all rights  reserved . contact us .  job 0000104281 details  staff / spec / sr spec  essential functions : "" snapshot "" preparation - responsible for  preparation of quarterly asset "" snapshots "" which provides enron ' s senior  management with summarized operational and financial information on selected  merchant portfolio investments . responsibilities associated with preparation  of snapshots include : researching publicly traded companies , calculating key  financial data , updating and analyzing graphical summaries of performance ,  reviewing press releases for recent events data , updating stock prices from  bloomberg ? weekly underwriters report - full responsibility for updating and  distributing weekly underwriters ' report . involves regular interaction with  executive vice president , london office personnel , as well as several vice  presidents within underwriting group within rac . ? various projects - will be  utilized on special projects on an as needed basis  essential requirements : accounting / finance / economics degree with  0 - 4 years business experience . excellent computer skills - excel ,  powerpoint , bloomberg , word research skills and the ability to interact with  a variety of personnel and departments . excellent organization skills . self  starter , quick learner . must be team player . good writing skills with the  ability to concisely summarize operational and financial results .  preferred skills : na .  special characteristics : . entry level position with the  opportunity to gain familiarity with all of enron ' s portfolio assets . future  advancement in asset and portfolio management possible for candidate who  exhibits competence and creativity .  contact : please email resumes to enajobsl @ enron . com , please refer  to job no . 104281 when responding .  job id 0000104281  department due diligence / asset mgmt  company corporate staff  risk assessment and control  location houston , tx  type  posting date 05 - jun - 00  job 0000102789 details  sr specialist  essential functions : in this position candidates will model , run  monte - carlo simulations , evaluate capital investments . these investments will  cover a wide range . candidates will be responsible for the validation of  models as well as insuring the accuracy and integrity of the model and  underlying assumptions . the primary focus will be to provide an objective  valuation for an investment by identifying and measuring key risk factors  from both a quantitative as well as qualitative perspective . ? understanding  of valuation techniques applied to equity or structured financial products . ?  understanding of cash flow models and option pricing models . ? proficiency in  excel . ? understanding of project finance and risk mitigation techniques . ?  experience with financial statement analysis and pro forma statements . ?  understanding of statistics and application to financial analysis .  essential requirements : na .  preferred skills : ? understanding of simulation methodologies  such as montecarlo . ? exposure to statistical analysis software such as  crystal ball or @ risk . the ideal candidate will possess an undergraduate  degree in finance , accounting , or economics and have 2 to 3 years of  financial modeling experience and an mba / cpa .  special characteristics : na .  contact : please do not contact the hiring manager . please no  faxes . send resumes via e - mail to corpjobsl @ enron . com or mail to enron , attn :  tvasut - eb 3628 , 1400 smith st . , houston , tx 77002 . please refer to job #  102789  job id 0000102789  department capital pricing / risk an  company corporate staff  risk assessment and control  location houston , tx  type  posting date 17 - mar - 00  - attl . htm",0,enron open positions hello mr kaminski meet quick lunch convenience bring date search right opportunity also noticed risk magazine enron investment partners aig joined treasuryconnect strategic partners capitalize internet based transaction execution financial derivatives would like explore help hank finkenstaedt director enron investment partners please let know day time might convenient thank sincerely maruti mmore houston rr com original message vince j kaminski date monday july subject enron open positions dear mr kaminski would like explore opportunity join enron investment partners understand enron million fund set finance start ups gene humphreys assistant john godbold trying attract minority owned start firms also learned enron plans increase size fund million find opportunities enron around globe given background chartered financial analyst hands experience investment management covering financial derivatives fixed income equity valuable resource due diligence origination valuation monitoring start ups would please help arrange meeting either gene humphreys ted murphy may ken lay pasting job opportunities open enron also interested positions would like meet hiring manager give call follow thank sincerely maruti job details manager director essential functions candidates responsible helping facilitate transaction approval process domestic international investments investments include limited private equity project development venture capital structured credits candidates work business developers underwriters identifying understanding documenting transaction risks also assist preparing transaction approval documentation addition oversee valuation modeling simulation process investments primary focus identify measure key risk factors quantitative qualitative perspective emphasis fundamental analysis candidate must able assist management training departmental staff formulation investment valuation policies procedures essential requirements strong interpersonal skills understanding transaction structuring credit risk issues understanding finance valuation methodologies proficiency excel cash flow models experience financial statement analysis understanding statistics simulation techniques monte carlo preferred skills na special characteristics ideal candidate possess undergraduate degree finance accounting economics mba relevant experience could include credit analysis valuation finance experience manager director risk assessment department billion energy company contact please email resumes corpjobsl enron com please refer job responding job id department capital pricing risk company corporate staff risk assessment control location houston tx type posting date jun submit resume position online enter resume id resume id create resume line deposit database receive resume id using resume builder resume id allow submit resume route open positions enron process resumes sent response specific positions existing resume electronic format resume builder allows cut paste whole resume fax fax number must tell us jobs interested able process resume write resume separate page jobs ids jobs interested pursuing equal opportunity affirmative action employer top page copyright enron corp rights reserved contact us job details staff spec sr spec essential functions snapshot preparation responsible preparation quarterly asset snapshots provides enron senior management summarized operational financial information selected merchant portfolio investments responsibilities associated preparation snapshots include researching publicly traded companies calculating key financial data updating analyzing graphical summaries performance reviewing press releases recent events data updating stock prices bloomberg weekly underwriters report full responsibility updating distributing weekly underwriters report involves regular interaction executive vice president london office personnel well several vice presidents within underwriting group within rac various projects utilized special projects needed basis essential requirements accounting finance economics degree years business experience excellent computer skills excel powerpoint bloomberg word research skills ability interact variety personnel departments excellent organization skills self starter quick learner must team player good writing skills ability concisely summarize operational financial results preferred skills na special characteristics entry level position opportunity gain familiarity enron portfolio assets future advancement asset portfolio management possible candidate exhibits competence creativity contact please email resumes enajobsl enron com please refer job responding job id department due diligence asset mgmt company corporate staff risk assessment control location houston tx type posting date jun job details sr specialist essential functions position candidates model run monte carlo simulations evaluate capital investments investments cover wide range candidates responsible validation models well insuring accuracy integrity model underlying assumptions primary focus provide objective valuation investment identifying measuring key risk factors quantitative well qualitative perspective understanding valuation techniques applied equity structured financial products understanding cash flow models option pricing models proficiency excel understanding project finance risk mitigation techniques experience financial statement analysis pro forma statements understanding statistics application financial analysis essential requirements na preferred skills understanding simulation methodologies montecarlo exposure statistical analysis software crystal ball risk ideal candidate possess undergraduate degree finance accounting economics years financial modeling experience mba cpa special characteristics na contact please contact hiring manager please faxes send resumes via e mail corpjobsl enron com mail enron attn tvasut eb smith st houston tx please refer job job id department capital pricing risk company corporate staff risk assessment control location houston tx type posting date mar attl htm
"Subject: re : improving option valuation precision in erms  stinson ,  zhiyong wei ' s group will need to make this change . please follow up with  zhiyong and jeremy wong .  - - allan .  stinson gibner  08 / 23 / 2000 09 : 54 am  to : allan severude / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , eric  moon / hou / ect @ ect , ed mcmichael / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : improving option valuation precision in erms  allan ,  paulo issler in our group , working with eric moon in structuring , recently  tracked down the reason for a slight mis - match in option pricing in erms vs .  the structuring spreadsheets . it is due to the fact that the option  valuation functions in erms use a slightly less accurate approximation for  the cumulative normal distribution . we would be happy to work with the right  person to update the erms code in order to close this discrepancy . please  let me know how you would like to proceed .  if you are not the correct person to address the mainenance of erms , please  let me know who to contact .  thank you ,  stinson gibner  x 34748",0,improving option valuation precision erms stinson zhiyong wei group need make change please follow zhiyong jeremy wong allan stinson gibner allan severude hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect eric moon hou ect ect ed mcmichael hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect subject improving option valuation precision erms allan paulo issler group working eric moon structuring recently tracked reason slight mis match option pricing erms vs structuring spreadsheets due fact option valuation functions erms use slightly less accurate approximation cumulative normal distribution would happy work right person update erms code order close discrepancy please let know would like proceed correct person address mainenance erms please let know contact thank stinson gibner x
Subject: re : re : workshop  this is great news for me and even more so  for icbi ( or the other way around . . ) .  could you call me today before 11 . 30 p . m  paris time or to - morrow between 3 and 5 . 30 p . m  paris time ? i think i do not have the right numbers  for you any more  helyette,0,workshop great news even icbi way around could call today p paris time morrow p paris time think right numbers helyette
"Subject: re : grant masson  great news . lets get this moving along . sheila , can you work out offer letter ?  vince , i am in london monday / tuesday , back weds late . i ' ll ask sheila to fix  this for you and if you need me call me on my cell phone .  vince j kaminski  12 / 15 / 2000 09 : 50 am  to : david oxley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : grant masson  david ,  a follow - up on my voice - mail message regarding  grant .  dave delainey is on board regarding grant .  we can bring him back at the same level and comp ,  assuming that resignation was handled  in a professional manner .  dd asked me to work out the details with you . can we meet to talk  about it on monday ?  vince",0,grant masson great news lets get moving along sheila work offer letter vince london monday tuesday back weds late ask sheila fix need call cell phone vince j kaminski david oxley hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject grant masson david follow voice mail message regarding grant dave delainey board regarding grant bring back level comp assuming resignation handled professional manner dd asked work details meet talk monday vince
"Subject: watch this penny stox trade  big news expected . this should invoke large gains .  this stox will explode . do not wait until it is too late .  new news expected this comming week . expected 7 day price $ 9 . 00  ( sym . bol : cwtd . ob )  price : $ 2 . 17  short term target : $ 10 - $ 13  12 month target : $ 24  press release  china world trade corporation announced strategic partnership with the  foundation for globalization cooperation  tuesday june 7 , 8 : 20 am et  tianhe , guangzhou , china , june 7 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china world trade  corporation ( otc bulletin board : cwtd . ob - news ) , announced today that the  ceo clubs china limited ( "" ceo clubs "" ) , a subsidiary of cwtc , signed a strategic  alliance agreement with the foundation for globalization cooperation ( ' ' fgc ' ' ) .  under the agreement , ceo clubs will represent fgc for merchandising and selecting  sponsors under certain conditions for the world culture diversification forum  and the third global cooperation forum , which will be held in november 2005 ,  in hangzhou , china .  china world trade corporation co - hosts the 2005 guangdong , hong kong ,  macau wtcs golf tournament  a $ 1 , 000 dollar investment could yield a $ 5 , 000 dollar profit in just  one trade if you trade out at the top . cwtd . ob should be one of the most  profitable stocks to trade this year . in this range the stock has  potential to move in either direction in bigs wings . this means you  should be able to buy at the lows and sell at the highs for months  to come  you could make $ $ $ thousands of dollars $ $ $ trading .  chms over and over again .  cwtd . ob is also on the reg sho threshold list , this means someone is short  the stock . any significant volume spike in cwtd . ob could yield drastic  results . if the people that are short have to cover , they will be buying  the shares from you at higher prices . this makes this stock a triple  play for profits ! ! !  for pennies you can participate in a stock that could yield results over  and over again just based on the trading patterns .  if the company is able to effectuate it . s business model , watch out ! ! !  we could see a great story in the making .  good luck and trade out at the top ! ! ! !  disclaimer :  information within this email contains "" forwardlooking statements "" within  the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of  thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve  discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,  plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or  performance are not statements of historical fact and may be "" forward  looking statements . "" forwardlooking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made  that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual  results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use  of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" , "" will , "" "" anticipates , ""  "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" understands "" or that by statements indicating  certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur . risk factors include  general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop  specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer  and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has  little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent  that the information contained in this message states all material facts or  does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to  investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and  not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers  and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities  representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this  email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any  kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on  the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this  stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .  the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or  investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section  17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred  thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or  affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an  inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the  fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without  notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing  you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from  public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites  and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this  informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or  completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your  acceptance of these terms .",1,watch penny stox trade big news expected invoke large gains stox explode wait late new news expected comming week expected day price sym bol cwtd ob price short term target month target press release china world trade corporation announced strategic partnership foundation globalization cooperation tuesday june et tianhe guangzhou china june xinhua prnewswire china world trade corporation otc bulletin board cwtd ob news announced today ceo clubs china limited ceo clubs subsidiary cwtc signed strategic alliance agreement foundation globalization cooperation fgc agreement ceo clubs represent fgc merchandising selecting sponsors certain conditions world culture diversification forum third global cooperation forum held november hangzhou china china world trade corporation co hosts guangdong hong kong macau wtcs golf tournament dollar investment could yield dollar profit one trade trade top cwtd ob one profitable stocks trade year range stock potential move either direction bigs wings means able buy lows sell highs months come could make thousands dollars trading chms cwtd ob also reg sho threshold list means someone short stock significant volume spike cwtd ob could yield drastic results people short cover buying shares higher prices makes stock triple play profits pennies participate stock could yield results based trading patterns company able effectuate business model watch could see great story making good luck trade top disclaimer information within email contains forwardlooking statements within meaning section aof securities act section b thesecurities exchange act statements express involve discussions respect predictions expectations beliefs plans projections objectives goals assumptions future events performance statements historical fact may forward looking statements forwardlooking statements based expectations estimates projections time statements made involve number risks uncertainties could cause actual results events differ materially presently anticipated forward looking statements action may identified use words projects foresee expects anticipates estimates believes understands statements indicating certain actions may could might occur risk factors include general economic business conditions ability acquire develop specific projects ability fund operations changes consumer business consumption habits factors overwhich company little control publisher newsletter represent information contained message states material facts omit material fact necessary make statements therein misleading information provided within email pertaining investing stocks securities must understood information provided investment advice publisher newsletter advises readers subscribers seek advice registered professional securities representative deciding trade stocks featured within email none material within report shall construed kind investment advice solicitation many companies verge bankruptcy lose money investing stock urge read company sec filings invest publisher newsletter registered invstment advisor subscribers view information herein legal tax accounting investment advice compliance securitiesact section b publisher newsletter contracted receive six hundred thousand free trading shares third party officer director affiliate shareholder circulation report aware inherent conflict interest resulting compensation due fact paid advertisement without bias party paid us position stock sell anytime without notice could negative impact price stock causing lose money factual information report gathered public sources including limited sec filings company websites company press releases publisher newsletter believes informationto eliable make guarantee accuracy completeness use material within email constitutes acceptance terms
"Subject: 4 color printing special  request additional information now ! click here  click here for a printable version of our order form ( pdf format )  phone : ( 626 ) 338 - 8090 fax : ( 626 ) 338 - 8102 e - mail : ramsey @ goldengraphix . com  request additional information now ! click here  click here for a printable version of our order form ( pdf format )  golden graphix & printing 5110 azusa canyon rd . irwindale , ca 91706 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,color printing special request additional information click click printable version order form pdf format phone fax e mail ramsey goldengraphix com request additional information click click printable version order form pdf format golden graphix printing azusa canyon rd irwindale ca e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: aiesec  vince ,  my name is shelly jones , i am the analyst recruiting manager for the  associate / analyst program . christy young passed on information from the  university of houston aiesec program . due to the restructuring of the  associate / analyst program and the new policies regarding the interview  process , compensation , offers , etc . , we will not be participating in the  aiesec program this year . due to your past interest in the program , i have  forwarded the literature on to you , via inter - office mail , for your  consideration .  please contact me if you have any questions .  thank you for your time .  shelly jones",0,aiesec vince name shelly jones analyst recruiting manager associate analyst program christy young passed information university houston aiesec program due restructuring associate analyst program new policies regarding interview process compensation offers etc participating aiesec program year due past interest program forwarded literature via inter office mail consideration please contact questions thank time shelly jones
"Subject: re : preface for book  julie ,  the introduction looks fine . i have made some cosmetic changes  ( typos and split infinitives that slipped by ) . you can safely ignore most of  them .  english is not even my second language .  the corrections are in pink .  vince  "" julie "" on 08 / 01 / 2000 07 : 43 : 10 am  to : "" vincejkaminski ""  cc :  subject : preface for book  vince ,  ?  hope you are well .  ?  we spoke a while ago about who should write the preface for the book , and  you kindly offered that you would provide this . ? is this still possible ? ? we  realise that you are extremely busy , so chris and les went ahead and wrote  something , which is below , and if you want to review , change or re - write ? the  preface , that would be very appreciated . ? let me know what your thoughts are .  ?  thanks ,  julie  ( we ' re getting close )  ?  ?  preface  ?  ?  ?  one of our main objectives in writing energy derivatives : pricing and risk  management has been to bring together as many of the various approaches for  the pricing and risk management energy derivatives as possible , to discuss  in - depth the models , and to show how they relate to each other . ? in this  way we hope to help the reader to analyse the different models , price a wide  range of energy derivatives , or to build a risk management system which uses  a consistent modelling framework . ? we believe that for practitioners this  last point is very important and we continue to stress in our articles and  presentations the dangers of having flawed risk management and giving  arbitrage opportunities to your competitors by using ad - hoc and inconsistent  models for different instruments and markets ( see also others who propose  consistent models ? ) . ? however , it is not our wish to concentrate on one  particular model or models , at the exclusion of the others because we  believe that the choice should rest with the user ( although it will probably  be clear from our discussions the model ( s ) we prefer ) . ? we therefore try and  give as clear account as possible of the advantage and disadvantages of all  the models so that the reader can make an informed choice as to the models  which best suit their needs .  ?  in order to meet our objectives the book is divided into 11 chapters . ? in  chapter 1 we give an overview of the fundamental principals needed to model  and price energy derivatives which will underpin the remainder of the book . ?  in addition to introducing the techniques that underlie the black - scholes  modelling framework we outline the numerical techniques of trinomial trees  and monte carlo simulation for derivative pricing , which are used throughout  the book .  ?  in chapter 2 we discuss the analysis of spot energy prices . ? as well as  analysing empirical price movements we propose a number of processes that  can be used to model the prices . ? we look at the well - know process of  geometric brownian motion as well as mean reversion , stochastic volatility  and jump processes , discussing each and showing how they can be simulated  and their parameters estimated .  ?  chapter 3 , written by vince kaminski , grant masson and ronnie chahal of  enron corp . , discusses volatility estimation in energy commodity markets . ?  this chapter builds on the previous one . ? it examines in detail the methods ,  merits and pitfalls of the volatility estimation process assuming different  pricing models introduced in chapter 2 . ? examples from crude , gas , and  electricity markets are used to illustrate the technical and interpretative  aspects of calculating volatility .  ?  chapter 4 examines forward curves in the energy markets . ? although such  curves are well understood and straight - forward in the most financial  markets , the difficulty of storage in many energy markets leads to less well  defined curves . ? in this chapter we describe forward price bounds for energy  prices and the building of forward curves from market instruments . ? we  outline the three main approaches which have been applied to building  forward curves in energy markets ; the arbitrage approach , the econometric  approach , and deriving analytical values by modelling underlying stochastic  factors .  ?  chapter 5 presents an overview of structures found in the energy derivative  markets and discusses their uses . ? examples of products analysed in this  chapter include a variety of swaps , caps , floors and collars , as well as  energy swaptions , compound options , asian options , barrier options , lookback  options , and ladder options .  ?  chapter 6 investigates single and multi - factor models of the energy spot  price and the pricing of some standard energy derivatives . ? closed form  solutions for forward prices , forward volatilities , and european option  prices both on the spot and forwards are derived and presented for all the  models in this chapter including a three factor , stochastic convenience  yield and interest rate model .  ?  chapter 7 shows how the prices of path dependent and american style options  can be evaluated for the models in chapter 6 . ? simulation schemes are  developed for the evaluation of european style options and applied to a  variety of path dependent options . ? in order to price options which  incorporate early exercise opportunities , a trinomial tree scheme is  developed . ? this tree is built to be consistent with the observed forward  curve and can be used to price exotic as well as standard european and  american style options .  ?  chapter 8 describes a methodology for valuing energy options based on  modelling the whole of the market observed forward curve . ? the approach  results in a multi - factor model that is able to realistically capture the  evolution of a wide range of energy forward curves . ? the user defined  volatility structures can be of an extremely general form . ? closed - form  solutions are developed for pricing standard european options , and efficient  monte carlo schemes are presented for pricing exotic options . ? the chapter  closes with a discussion of the valuation of american style options .  ?  chapter 9 focuses on the risk management of energy derivative positions . ?  in this chapter we discuss the management of price risk for institutions  that trade options or other derivatives and who are then faced with the  problem of managing the risk through time . ? we begin with delta hedging a  portfolio containing derivatives and look at extensions to gamma hedging  )  illustrating the techniques using both spot and forward curve models . ? the  general model presented in chapter 8 is ideally suited to multi - factor  hedging of a portfolio of energy derivatives and this is also discussed .  ?  chapter 10 examines the key risk management concept of value at risk ( var )  applied to portfolios containing energy derivative products . ? after  discussing the concept of the measure , we look at how the key inputs  ( volatilities , covariances , correlations , etc ) can be estimated . ? we then  compare the fours major methodologies for computing var ; delta , delta - gamma ,  historical simulation and monte - carlo simulation , applying each to the same  portfolio of energy options . ? in this chapter we also look at testing the  var estimates for various underlying energy market variables .  ?  finally , in chapter 11 we review modelling approaches to credit risk . ? we  look in detail at two quite different approaches , creditmetrics ( j . p . morgan  ( 1997 ) ) and creditrisk + ( credit suisse financial products ( 1997 ) ) for which  detailed information is publicly available . ? together these provide an  extensive set of tools with which to measure credit risk . ? we present  numerical examples of applying these techniques to energy derivatives .  ?  before we begin we stress that the models and methods we present in this  book are tools which should be used with the benefit of an understanding of  how both the  + tool  , and the market works . ? the techniques we describe are  certainly not  & magic wands  8 which can be waved at data and risk management  problems to provide instant and perfect solutions . ? to quote from the  riskmetrics technical document  &  ( no amount of sophisticated analytics will  replace experience and professional judgement in managing risk .  8 . ? however ,  the right tools , correctly used make the job a lot easier !",0,preface book julie introduction looks fine made cosmetic changes typos split infinitives slipped safely ignore english even second language corrections pink vince julie vincejkaminski cc subject preface book vince hope well spoke ago write preface book kindly offered would provide still possible realise extremely busy chris les went ahead wrote something want review change write preface would appreciated let know thoughts thanks julie getting close preface one main objectives writing energy derivatives pricing risk management bring together many various approaches pricing risk management energy derivatives possible discuss depth models show relate way hope help reader analyse different models price wide range energy derivatives build risk management system uses consistent modelling framework believe practitioners last point important continue stress articles presentations dangers flawed risk management giving arbitrage opportunities competitors using ad hoc inconsistent models different instruments markets see also others propose consistent models however wish concentrate one particular model models exclusion others believe choice rest user although probably clear discussions model prefer therefore try give clear account possible advantage disadvantages models reader make informed choice models best suit needs order meet objectives book divided chapters chapter give overview fundamental principals needed model price energy derivatives underpin remainder book addition introducing techniques underlie black scholes modelling framework outline numerical techniques trinomial trees monte carlo simulation derivative pricing used throughout book chapter discuss analysis spot energy prices well analysing empirical price movements propose number processes used model prices look well know process geometric brownian motion well mean reversion stochastic volatility jump processes discussing showing simulated parameters estimated chapter written vince kaminski grant masson ronnie chahal enron corp discusses volatility estimation energy commodity markets chapter builds previous one examines detail methods merits pitfalls volatility estimation process assuming different pricing models introduced chapter examples crude gas electricity markets used illustrate technical interpretative aspects calculating volatility chapter examines forward curves energy markets although curves well understood straight forward financial markets difficulty storage many energy markets leads less well defined curves chapter describe forward price bounds energy prices building forward curves market instruments outline three main approaches applied building forward curves energy markets arbitrage approach econometric approach deriving analytical values modelling underlying stochastic factors chapter presents overview structures found energy derivative markets discusses uses examples products analysed chapter include variety swaps caps floors collars well energy swaptions compound options asian options barrier options lookback options ladder options chapter investigates single multi factor models energy spot price pricing standard energy derivatives closed form solutions forward prices forward volatilities european option prices spot forwards derived presented models chapter including three factor stochastic convenience yield interest rate model chapter shows prices path dependent american style options evaluated models chapter simulation schemes developed evaluation european style options applied variety path dependent options order price options incorporate early exercise opportunities trinomial tree scheme developed tree built consistent observed forward curve used price exotic well standard european american style options chapter describes methodology valuing energy options based modelling whole market observed forward curve approach results multi factor model able realistically capture evolution wide range energy forward curves user defined volatility structures extremely general form closed form solutions developed pricing standard european options efficient monte carlo schemes presented pricing exotic options chapter closes discussion valuation american style options chapter focuses risk management energy derivative positions chapter discuss management price risk institutions trade options derivatives faced problem managing risk time begin delta hedging portfolio containing derivatives look extensions gamma hedging illustrating techniques using spot forward curve models general model presented chapter ideally suited multi factor hedging portfolio energy derivatives also discussed chapter examines key risk management concept value risk var applied portfolios containing energy derivative products discussing concept measure look key inputs volatilities covariances correlations etc estimated compare fours major methodologies computing var delta delta gamma historical simulation monte carlo simulation applying portfolio energy options chapter also look testing var estimates various underlying energy market variables finally chapter review modelling approaches credit risk look detail two quite different approaches creditmetrics j p morgan creditrisk credit suisse financial products detailed information publicly available together provide extensive set tools measure credit risk present numerical examples applying techniques energy derivatives begin stress models methods present book tools used benefit understanding tool market works techniques describe certainly magic wands waved data risk management problems provide instant perfect solutions quote riskmetrics technical document amount sophisticated analytics replace experience professional judgement managing risk however right tools correctly used make job lot easier
"Subject: healthy reproductive life  our customer speak volumes about our spur m product  "" i just wanted to write and thank you for spur - m .  i suffered from poor sperm count and motility . i found  your site and ordered spur - m fertility blend for men .  i have wondered for years what caused low semen and sperm  count , and how i could improve my fertility and help my wife  conceive . spur - m seems to have done just that ! thank you  for your support . ""  andrew h . , london , uk  "" spur - m really does help improve fertility and effectiveness  of sperm and semen motility . i used it for the past few months ,  and not only does it work - i also feel better to . i have  more energy . this is an excellent counter to low sperm count  and motility . i ' ll be buying more ! ! ! ""  franz k . , bonn , germany  http : / / rosemary . chorally . com / spur / ? sheep  for removing , pls go here  http : / / mcclure . chorally . com / rm . php",1,healthy reproductive life customer speak volumes spur product wanted write thank spur suffered poor sperm count motility found site ordered spur fertility blend men wondered years caused low semen sperm count could improve fertility help wife conceive spur seems done thank support andrew h london uk spur really help improve fertility effectiveness sperm semen motility used past months work also feel better energy excellent counter low sperm count motility buying franz k bonn germany http rosemary chorally com spur sheep removing pls go http mcclure chorally com rm php
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  steve ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards steve
"Subject: research seminar  vince has asked that i forward the following :  we will begin a seminar devoted to the book on "" energy  derivatives "" , written by clewlow and strickland , every first and  third friday of each month , beginning january 19 th . stinson  gibner has volunteered to act as the seminar coordinator .  on january 19 th only , the seminar will be held in eb 30 cl .  every session thereafter will be in eb 49 cl . the seminar will be  conducted like a "" brown bag "" ( everyone bring their own lunch ) .  the seminar is mandatory for every member of the group who  started after january 1 , 2000 . however , all other members of  the group are invited to participate .  the books have been ordered and hopefully will arrive by the  day of the first meeting .  vince kaminski ",0,research seminar vince asked forward following begin seminar devoted book energy derivatives written clewlow strickland every first third friday month beginning january th stinson gibner volunteered act seminar coordinator january th seminar held eb cl every session thereafter eb cl seminar conducted like brown bag everyone bring lunch seminar mandatory every member group started january however members group invited participate books ordered hopefully arrive day first meeting vince kaminski
Subject: 2 missing from the mailing list  hingoran @ rice . edu  planck @ rice . edu,0,missing mailing list hingoran rice edu planck rice edu
"Subject: re : invitation to speak at power 2000  emma ,  mergers and acquisitions are not my cup of tea .  chairing stream 1 on day 1 seems to be a better match .  vince  "" emma wolfin "" on 12 / 15 / 99 10 : 51 : 34 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : invitation to speak at power 2000  hi vince  thanks for getting back to me quickly ! as it happens , all of the sessions  you suggested are already taken !  so , would you be interested in chairing either stream 1 on day 1 of the  conference - "" pricing and trading in the us power market "" or stream 3 on  day 2 of the conference - "" latest developments in the us energy industry "" .  for your information , the people presenting on day 1 in stream 1 include :  - spyros maragos , dynegy on volatility  - sanjeev khanna , pg & e on correlation  - gary morsches , southern on optimising information to accurately price and  trade electricity  - blake johnson , stanford university on modelling power prices  - craig pirrong , olin school of business , washington university on building  the optimal forward curve  on day 2 , stream 3 , there are only 3 talks in that stream , as after lunch we  will be breaking for plenary sessions and the industry briefing sessions  too . but the people who will be speaking in that stream are :  - venu nagali , stanford university on real options  - ram challa , sithe energies ( he was formerly at bankers trust ) on  generation assets  i have the slot on mergers and acquisitions in stream 3 on day 2 as still  available but i ' m not sure if that session is your area of speciality ? let  me know .  thanks vince and very much looking forward to working with you again .  emma  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : emma wolfin  cc : vince j kaminski  date : wednesday , december 15 , 1999 11 : 36 am  subject : re : invitation to speak at power 2000  >  >  > emma ,  >  > it ' s your choice . i can chair the session of day 2 or speak on one of these  > topics .  > please , let me know what works for you .  >  > possible presentations :  >  > evaluating the effectiveness of insurance as a risk management tool  >  > or  >  > applying real option theory to value power plants  >  > or  >  > overcoming the difficulties of accurately estimating volatility  >  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" emma wolfin "" on 12 / 14 / 99 04 : 08 : 03 pm  >  > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  > cc :  > subject : invitation to speak at power 2000  >  >  >  >  > hi vince  >  > it is my great pleasure to invite you to speak at power 2000 which will be  > in houston on 9 & 10 may 2000 .  >  > would you be interested in chairing one of the streams on day 2 of the  > conference ? or making a full presentation on one of the days ? please let me  > know which talks interest you . obviously , some of the talks are no longer  > available but i would like to give you a choice as much as possible . please  > could you get back to me asap on 212 925 1864 ext 151 or by return email .  >  > i very much hope you can make the dates as i ' m very keen to have you  > participate at power . not to flatter you unnecessarily , but i know that a  > lot of people come to our conferences to hear what you have to say .  >  > best regards  >  > emma  >  >  >  >  >",0,invitation speak power emma mergers acquisitions cup tea chairing stream day seems better match vince emma wolfin vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject invitation speak power hi vince thanks getting back quickly happens sessions suggested already taken would interested chairing either stream day conference pricing trading us power market stream day conference latest developments us energy industry information people presenting day stream include spyros maragos dynegy volatility sanjeev khanna pg e correlation gary morsches southern optimising information accurately price trade electricity blake johnson stanford university modelling power prices craig pirrong olin school business washington university building optimal forward curve day stream talks stream lunch breaking plenary sessions industry briefing sessions people speaking stream venu nagali stanford university real options ram challa sithe energies formerly bankers trust generation assets slot mergers acquisitions stream day still available sure session area speciality let know thanks vince much looking forward working emma original message vince j kaminski emma wolfin cc vince j kaminski date wednesday december subject invitation speak power emma choice chair session day speak one topics please let know works possible presentations evaluating effectiveness insurance risk management tool applying real option theory value power plants overcoming difficulties accurately estimating volatility vince emma wolfin pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject invitation speak power hi vince great pleasure invite speak power houston may would interested chairing one streams day conference making full presentation one days please let know talks interest obviously talks longer available would like give choice much possible please could get back asap ext return email much hope make dates keen participate power flatter unnecessarily know lot people come conferences hear say best regards emma
"Subject: ben zhang timeframe  hi ,  can and should we organize a tag - team baby sitting detail ? aghh ! another  weekend that is not my own !  grant .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 09 / 14 / 2000 08 : 51  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : toni graham @ enron 09 / 13 / 2000 05 : 08 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ben zhang timeframe  grant , what do you think ? if you really want this guy , you may suggest  someone in your group to "" entertain "" them while they are here .  what do you think ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by toni graham / corp / enron on 09 / 13 / 2000  04 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  meastman @ qualitec . com on 09 / 13 / 2000 02 : 05 : 53 pm  to :  cc :  subject : ben zhang timeframe  toni ,  i spoke with ben today and he is planning to pay for a trip to bring his  wife to houston this weekend and show her around in hopes of overcoming her  hesitiation on moving . his question is whether enron will give him the time  to bring her down here and then give an answer next week ? if you will let  me know how you , grant , and vince feel about that .  thanks ,  mike  qualitec professional services , lp  accounting - financial - energy risk - tax  search consultants  mike eastman , cpc  president  281 - 647 - 9300 fax 281 - 647 - 0933  email - meastman @ qualitec . com",0,ben zhang timeframe hi organize tag team baby sitting detail aghh another weekend grant forwarded grant masson hou ect enron north america corp toni graham enron pm grant masson hou ect ect cc subject ben zhang timeframe grant think really want guy may suggest someone group entertain think forwarded toni graham corp enron pm meastman qualitec com pm cc subject ben zhang timeframe toni spoke ben today planning pay trip bring wife houston weekend show around hopes overcoming hesitiation moving question whether enron give time bring give answer next week let know grant vince feel thanks mike qualitec professional services lp accounting financial energy risk tax search consultants mike eastman cpc president fax email meastman qualitec com
"Subject: re : 6 . 25 30 yr fixed home loan , no points flu  dear  homeowner ,  * 6 . 25 %  30 yr fixed rate mortgage  interest  rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the  best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds  of lenders ! home improvement , refinance , second  mortgage , home equity loans , and more ! even with less  than perfect credit !  click here for a free quote !  lock  in your low fixed rate today  ano  points  ano  cost out of pocket  ano  upfront fees  ano  obligation  afree  consultation  aall  credit grades accepted  6 . 25 % won ' t stay this low forever !  click for your free quote , now !  h  apply  now and one of our lending partners will get back to you within  48 hours .  click here !  to be removed please clicking  here . ",1,yr fixed home loan points flu dear homeowner yr fixed rate mortgage interest rates lowest point years help find best rate situation matching needs hundreds lenders home improvement refinance second mortgage home equity loans even less perfect credit click free quote lock low fixed rate today ano points ano cost pocket ano upfront fees ano obligation afree consultation aall credit grades accepted stay low forever click free quote h apply one lending partners get back within hours click removed please clicking
"Subject: interview  dear mr . kaminski :  i am very sorry to tell you that i have to cancel my interview with you  scheduled on feb 9 th . i had a job offer from citadel investment at chicago  with a deadline on feb 5 th . i have been trying to get an extension for the  past week and unfortunately it failed today . with this very short time  frame , it is impossible for me and enron ' s interviewing process to meet the  feb 5 th deadline . how unwillingly , i would not be able to visit enron for  after taking citadel ' s offer . i hope you will find another candidate from  our class . there are some people still available . i will be happy to help  you get in touch with those interested .  please keep in touch and i wish you well in your business !  frank qian  fqian @ andrew . cmu . edu",0,interview dear mr kaminski sorry tell cancel interview scheduled feb th job offer citadel investment chicago deadline feb th trying get extension past week unfortunately failed today short time frame impossible enron interviewing process meet feb th deadline unwillingly would able visit enron taking citadel offer hope find another candidate class people still available happy help get touch interested please keep touch wish well business frank qian fqian andrew cmu edu
"Subject: re : loan recommendation form  li ,  i shall take care of it thursday .  please , call me at the end of the day .  vince  li xiao @ enron  06 / 27 / 2000 11 : 31 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : loan recommendation form  hi , vince ,  i was told by molly that she hasn ' t received the recommendation form from you  yet .  since i got admission late from the school , now i am short of time of getting  i - 20 which needs loan approval ,  and getting visa status transferred ( from h - 1 to f - 1 ) which requires i - 20 and  loan approval  and normally takes around 45 days through ins ( immigration naturalization  service ) .  now , i am trying to push every step to speed up the process in order to  catch up the school opening at beginning of sept .  i know i just told you this late last week . nevertheless , i am writing to see  if you can squeeze some time to finish the recommendation form anytime soon .  it will be a big help .  thank you very much , vince .  have a good day .  sincerely ,  li x 39635",0,loan recommendation form li shall take care thursday please call end day vince li xiao enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject loan recommendation form hi vince told molly received recommendation form yet since got admission late school short time getting needs loan approval getting visa status transferred h f requires loan approval normally takes around days ins immigration naturalization service trying push every step speed process order catch school opening beginning sept know told late last week nevertheless writing see squeeze time finish recommendation form anytime soon big help thank much vince good day sincerely li x
"Subject: prob of default for e rating 7 as of 2 / 3 / 00  vincent ,  i got the e - rating and default probabilities for promigas from the credit  group .  could you plug in these numbers to the loan guarantee model ?  promigas is rated as bb .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 02 / 04 / 2000 08 : 41 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tanya rohauer  02 / 04 / 2000 07 : 27 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : prob of default for e rating 7 as of 2 / 3 / 00",0,prob default e rating vincent got e rating default probabilities promigas credit group could plug numbers loan guarantee model promigas rated bb zimin forwarded zimin lu hou ect tanya rohauer zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject prob default e rating
"Subject: light switch for eb 1939  good morning all :  maureen raymond castaneda is officed in ebl 939 . she has terrible migraine  headaches which are made worse by light . we would like to get a price on  having an on / off switch installed in her room . as of now , they have removed  the light bulbs , but said that may not completely answer the problem as some  one may see that they are out and request they be replaced .  i think the answer ( if it is not too expensive ) would be to have a switch  installed .  please let me know .  our co . # is 0011 and our rc # is 100038 .  thanks !  shirley  3 - 5290",0,light switch eb good morning maureen raymond castaneda officed ebl terrible migraine headaches made worse light would like get price switch installed room removed light bulbs said may completely answer problem one may see request replaced think answer expensive would switch installed please let know co rc thanks shirley
"Subject: re : your mail  zhendong ,  dr . kaminski called me back telling me that he would like to have you as  an intern student in his research department during the summer . please  write him an email as soon as possible to introduce yourself and letting  him know of your expected starting date and ending date . dr . kaminski ' s  email address is vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  shi - jie deng  assistant professor  school of isye  georgia institute of technology  office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519  e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng",0,mail zhendong dr kaminski called back telling would like intern student research department summer please write email soon possible introduce letting know expected starting date ending date dr kaminski email address vince j kaminski enron com shi jie deng assistant professor school isye georgia institute technology office phone e mail deng isye gatech edu home page http www isye gatech edu deng
"Subject: re : a very good candidate  ok , will get that started . we ' ll let you know when rodney can be available  for a trip to houston and will follow up with you to obtain the complete  interviewer list .  - elizabeth  vince j kaminski  03 / 01 / 2000 09 : 31 am  to : elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : a very good candidate  elizabeth ,  we got a very good candidate we would like to bring over for an interview .  he came through an agency on london ( the address is on the resumes ) .  the contact at the agency is anthony regamey .  please , contact them to arrange an interview in houston . please , include  me , stinson gibner , vasant shanbhogue , tom gros ( ebs ) , jean mrha ,  brad blesie . we shall think about some other names later .  vince",0,good candidate ok get started let know rodney available trip houston follow obtain complete interviewer list elizabeth vince j kaminski elizabeth grant hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject good candidate elizabeth got good candidate would like bring interview came agency london address resumes contact agency anthony regamey please contact arrange interview houston please include stinson gibner vasant shanbhogue tom gros ebs jean mrha brad blesie shall think names later vince
"Subject:   http : / / www . virtu  ally - anywhere . com / sports /  hello ,  i was hoping you could help me . the link above takes  you to  several  facility stadiumtours created by virtually  anywhere  interactive . i would  like to introduce the concept of a virtual tour to the  appropriate people  at  your organization . ( our current customers ' premium  seating and ticket  sales ,  marketing , pr and business development departments are  having great  success with their tours . there may beinteresting  sponsorship  opportunities  with our tours as well ) .  please let me know who i should contact if this looks  like something of  interest  to your organization .  many thanks , davidp . s . you may have seen  us at the alsd  show in houston ( last year ) . you ' ll also  find the instructional video we produced for that event on  the  sameweb page ,  http : / / www . virtu  ally - anywhere . com / sports / .  david bole 512 - 479 - 8222 phonehttp : / / www . virtually - an  ywhere . comdavid @ vatour . com",1,http www virtu ally anywhere com sports hello hoping could help link takes several facility stadiumtours created virtually anywhere interactive would like introduce concept virtual tour appropriate people organization current customers premium seating ticket sales marketing pr business development departments great success tours may beinteresting sponsorship opportunities tours well please let know contact looks like something interest organization many thanks davidp may seen us alsd show houston last year also find instructional video produced event sameweb page http www virtu ally anywhere com sports david bole phonehttp www virtually ywhere comdavid vatour com
"Subject: re : grades  mr . kaminsky ,  i still need grades for :  israni , rakhi  lu , feng  planck , jeffrey  so , winny  taylor , orlando  wankhade , sanjay  zhang , ning  i will be available by e - mail this evening or by phone ( 5 : 30 or so ) at  713 - 668 - 1704 . ? i just called the registrar ' s office and if i bring in the  grades by 8 : 30 tomorrow morning we will be fine . ? please advise .  thanks for your help . - pam  at 08 : 23 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  pam ,  the last group .  please , let me know if any name is missing .  ( embedded image moved to file : pic 25177 . pcx )  grade : a  thanks a lot . it was a pleasure working with you .  vince kaminski",0,grades mr kaminsky still need grades israni rakhi lu feng planck jeffrey winny taylor orlando wankhade sanjay zhang ning available e mail evening phone called registrar office bring grades tomorrow morning fine please advise thanks help pam vince j kaminski enron com wrote pam last group please let know name missing embedded image moved file pic pcx grade thanks lot pleasure working vince kaminski
Subject: macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) $ 55  http : / / bizarre . mainoemstore . com / ? a = 3107,1,macromedia studio mx cd http bizarre mainoemstore com
"Subject: proposal submission  francois and kent ,  hope this proposal reaches you in time for consideration for the upcoming  fma - european meeting . i normally don ' t like to commit myself to a proposal  but in this case i ' m very comfortable doing so in light of the status of  the project . as you will see this "" clinical "" paper is a study of strategy  formulation in a very innovative company that uses financial derivatives in  conjunction with real asset investments . the firm , enron , has been the  most innovative company in america for more than five years now and has  expanded its strategy abroad . we have the unique opportunity to document  the firm ' s strategy from the inside with my co - authors being members of the  corporate research staff that manage the pricing of the energy derivatives  in which the firm makes a market , as well as provide the analysis upon  which firm risk positions are managed . although , specific enron projects  have been documented and published , noone has captured the story of the  company visionaries that formulated and executed the firm ' s business  strategy . of course , what makes the story of particular interest to  finance scholars is the fact that the strategy hinges in very important  ways on financial innovations . this is going to be a very informative and  fun story to tell and i hope to bring along my colleagues from enron to  paris for the meeting .  thanks for asking me to join the program advisory board and i look forward  to your comments on the attached proposal .  sincerely yours ,  john  - enron transformation paper . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,proposal submission francois kent hope proposal reaches time consideration upcoming fma european meeting normally like commit proposal case comfortable light status project see clinical paper study strategy formulation innovative company uses financial derivatives conjunction real asset investments firm enron innovative company america five years expanded strategy abroad unique opportunity document firm strategy inside co authors members corporate research staff manage pricing energy derivatives firm makes market well provide analysis upon firm risk positions managed although specific enron projects documented published noone captured story company visionaries formulated executed firm business strategy course makes story particular interest finance scholars fact strategy hinges important ways financial innovations going informative fun story tell hope bring along colleagues enron paris meeting thanks asking join program advisory board look forward comments attached proposal sincerely john enron transformation paper doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : receipts from visit  jim ,  thanks again for the invitation to visit lsu .  shirley will fedex the receipts tomorrow .  vince  "" james r . garven "" on 02 / 08 / 2000 07 : 00 : 50 pm  to : vince j kaminski  cc :  subject : receipts from visit  dear vince ,  thanks again for taking the time to visit . ? both faculty and students got a  lot out of your presentations .  i have a favor to ask concerning the expense reimbursement process . ? can you  mail all travel and lodging receipts to my secretary joan payne at the  following address :  joan payne  department of finance  2163 ceba  louisiana state university  baton rouge , la ? 70803  thanks ,  jim garven  james r . garven  william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services  department of finance  2158 ceba  e . j . ourso college of business administration  louisiana state university  baton rouge , la ? 70803 - 6308  voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 ? | ? fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361  e - mail : ? jgarven @ lsu . edu  home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu  vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html  research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html ",0,receipts visit jim thanks invitation visit lsu shirley fedex receipts tomorrow vince james r garven pm vince j kaminski cc subject receipts visit dear vince thanks taking time visit faculty students got lot presentations favor ask concerning expense reimbursement process mail travel lodging receipts secretary joan payne following address joan payne department finance ceba louisiana state university baton rouge la thanks jim garven james r garven william h wright jr endowed chair financial services department finance ceba e j ourso college business administration louisiana state university baton rouge la voice fax e mail jgarven lsu edu home page http garven lsu edu vita http garven lsu edu dossier html research paper archive http garven lsu edu research html
"Subject: new members  the following people are joining the research group reporting to me  effective immediately . please make sure that their transfer from ees to our  group is reflected in the support systems .  oren v . ( "" dayne "" ) zimmerman  chuanli ( "" ken "" ) deng  anguel g grigorov  thanks ,  krishna .",0,new members following people joining research group reporting effective immediately please make sure transfer ees group reflected support systems oren v dayne zimmerman chuanli ken deng anguel g grigorov thanks krishna
"Subject: re : lost cell telephone  chris :  vince found his cell phone - can we have it reinstated ?  hope you had wonderful holidays !  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  3 - 5290  chris samaniego on 12 / 18 / 2000 03 : 06 : 09 pm  to : "" ' shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ' "" , enron  cc :  subject : re : lost cell telephone  request completed .  chris samaniego  account associate  houston cellular corporate accounts  petrochemical vertical  ( 713 ) 562 - 2995 cellular  ( 713 ) 345 - 7183 enron direct  ( 713 ) 646 - 2415 fax  enron @ houstoncellular . com e - mail  samaniec @ houstoncellular . com e - mail  samaniec @ bellsouthips . com interactive pager  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com [ smtp : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ]  > sent : monday , december 18 , 2000 2 : 19 pm  > to : enron  > subject : lost cell telephone  >  > hello :  >  > vince kaminski left his cell phone on the bus last friday . he has  > contacted  > the bus line , but the person in charge of the lost and found is not in the  > office today .  >  > if there any way that we can put a hold on this telephone until he can see  > whether it has been turned in or not ?  >  > the cell # is : 713 / 410 - 5396 and the account # is : 88563580 .  >  > please let me know as soon as possible .  >  > thanks !  >  > shirley crenshaw  > 3 - 5290  > ebl 961  > shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  >  >",0,lost cell telephone chris vince found cell phone reinstated hope wonderful holidays thanks shirley crenshaw chris samaniego pm shirley crenshaw enron com enron cc subject lost cell telephone request completed chris samaniego account associate houston cellular corporate accounts petrochemical vertical cellular enron direct fax enron houstoncellular com e mail samaniec houstoncellular com e mail samaniec bellsouthips com interactive pager original message shirley crenshaw enron com smtp shirley crenshaw enron com sent monday december pm enron subject lost cell telephone hello vince kaminski left cell phone bus last friday contacted bus line person charge lost found office today way put hold telephone see whether turned cell account please let know soon possible thanks shirley crenshaw ebl shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: re : accounting adjustment  vince , many thanks ! i will let our accounting department know . kim .",0,accounting adjustment vince many thanks let accounting department know kim
"Subject: re : follow up  dale ,  i have passed on the information you gave me but you have to realize that  i acted just as a go - between . i shall be glad to remind our new business unit  about your proposal . i have already asked a few times .  i shall be traveling this week , wed - fri . i shall be back in the office on  monday .  vince  "" dale nesbitt "" on 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 03 : 18 am  to : "" vincent kaminski ""  cc :  subject : follow up  vince :  just wanted to make sure you know we are still vitally interested in getting  together with you and the key enron people . thanks so much for all your  help . i understand how busy you and the new person are , but i hope you are  interested enough to find a slot for us . i think it will benefit you as  well as us .  dale",0,follow dale passed information gave realize acted go shall glad remind new business unit proposal already asked times shall traveling week wed fri shall back office monday vince dale nesbitt vincent kaminski cc subject follow vince wanted make sure know still vitally interested getting together key enron people thanks much help understand busy new person hope interested enough find slot us think benefit well us dale
"Subject: re : costless collar for hanover  bob ,  good job .  zimin  bob lee @ enron  01 / 11 / 2001 08 : 10 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : costless collar for hanover  fyi - looks like we ' ve converged .  bob  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob lee / na / enron on 01 / 11 / 2001 07 : 04 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : chris loehr @ ect on 01 / 10 / 2001 04 : 50 pm  to : ron baker / corp / enron @ enron  cc : anne yaeger / hou / ect @ ect , ryan siurek / corp / enron @ enron , wes  colwell / hou / ect @ ect , bob lee / na / enron @ enron  subject : costless collar for hanover  ryan and i have looked at the research model and made some adjustments .  the treasury rate at 12 / 28 / 00 was 5 . 127 % ( research uses 4 . 6 % which probably  takes into account the recent fed 50 bp cut )  the maturity is 6 / 30 / 03 or 2 . 5 years ( research uses 3 years )  using these assumptions and a 47 . 2 % volatility in the bloomberg collar  function results in a ceiling of 92 103 / 256 and a floor of 34 7 / 8 . after  adjusting the research model for the changes above , ryan and i got a similar  range from the research model so we are comfortable with these numbers .  let me know if there are any questions .  chris  x 33092  ron baker @ enron  01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 52 am  to : wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , ryan siurek / corp / enron @ enron , chris  loehr / hou / ect @ ect , anne yaeger / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : costless collar  attached is the updated valuation from bob lee in research using the actual  3 - year historical vol . of 47 . 2 which results in a call strike of 97 . 978 .  also , he has confirmed that the presence of the swap has no impact on the  value of the collar . let me know if you have questions . thanks ,  ron  - - - - - forwarded by ron baker / corp / enron on 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 28 am - - - - -  bob lee  01 / 10 / 2001 08 : 44 am  to : andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , ron baker / corp / enron @ enron  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : costless collar  here ' s the calculation using the historical volatility . the strike drops  slightly . the volatility in the calculation is the expected future  vol ; atility - looking at traded options for hc and an expected fall off in  vol for long dated options , one could justify a vol estimate in the range 40  - 50 % for the collar .  the presence of the swap makes no difference on the collar valuation .  bob",0,costless collar hanover bob good job zimin bob lee enron zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject costless collar hanover fyi looks like converged bob forwarded bob lee na enron chris loehr ect pm ron baker corp enron enron cc anne yaeger hou ect ect ryan siurek corp enron enron wes colwell hou ect ect bob lee na enron enron subject costless collar hanover ryan looked research model made adjustments treasury rate research uses probably takes account recent fed bp cut maturity years research uses years using assumptions volatility bloomberg collar function results ceiling floor adjusting research model changes ryan got similar range research model comfortable numbers let know questions chris x ron baker enron wes colwell hou ect ect ryan siurek corp enron enron chris loehr hou ect ect anne yaeger hou ect ect cc subject costless collar attached updated valuation bob lee research using actual year historical vol results call strike also confirmed presence swap impact value collar let know questions thanks ron forwarded ron baker corp enron bob lee andrea v reed hou ect ect ron baker corp enron enron cc zimin lu hou ect ect subject costless collar calculation using historical volatility strike drops slightly volatility calculation expected future vol atility looking traded options hc expected fall vol long dated options one could justify vol estimate range collar presence swap makes difference collar valuation bob
"Subject: aggressive investors should be watching sports alumni , inc .  investor alert !  if a group of  investors would have the opportunity to have invest in the nba ,  nfl , nbl , nhl , and mls when the leagues started . how rich would  they be today ? today we will be introducing a new football alumni  association that will bring ex high school , college , and  professional athletes around the  united states  to relive  their glory days .  as savvy  investor prepare to buy this stock , it has become clear that this  could be one of the most explosive opportunities of the year . you  still have the opportunity to buy this stock for pennies to the  dollar - but for how long ?  here at wall  street research we do not get excited about many stocks . that ' s  because its getting harder and harder to find stocks that have  potential to make investors rich very quickly . blue  chips can ' t and ipo ' s rarely pay off small  investors . history shows that the only consistent way for small  investors to see their money double , triple , or more on the  short run is to be smart enough to find small caps with huge  potential and buy before they take off - the kind of stocks that  gets us excited .  company in  review  pink sheets  symbol : spni  http : / / www . . com  recent price $ 0 . 50  target price $ 2 . 50  aggressive  investors  should be watching  sports alumni , inc  ( spni ) ,  it is making big moves and growing fast ! when the  nba , nfl ,  nbl , nhl ,  and mls , talk about lockouts , half seasons or  no season , salary caps , and even the referees join the turmoil  every year one of these leagues threatens the passion  for sports ! . will they play again this season ? sports alumni , inc is  about bringing the passion of the former game to all ex high  school , college , and professional athletes . not about how  big of a salary they will be making the next couple of years .  sports alumni , inc  sports alumni , inc maybe you started playing football when you where  8 years old and never quite lost the love of the game . perhaps you  even played college ball . what ever level you played , its a good bet  that your passion for the game did not end when the whistle blew and  the last play ended . that is what american football alumni seeks to  bring back to the multi - million - member target market of former and  current players and coaches .  recent surveys reveal that 70 percent of former football players would  be interested in joining a national alumni association whose makeup is  former high school and college players . seventy - nine percent are  interested in reunions with former teammates and 55 percent said  they ' d be interested in purchasing their old school football jerseys ,  especially if their names were included .  the afa will bring old teams together through its subscriber network ,  while offering on line stores of customized merchandise , a first class  magazine , conventions , football travel packages national and local  polls . this is an un - tapped industry within a multi - billion dollar  marketplace .  companys recent news  sports alumni , inc . ( spni  pk )  announced today the official launch of their first sports alumni micro  site ,  www . . com . this  site is the preliminary sign up point for their first of many sports  alumni sites the company plans to launch this year . the main member  site launch is expected early july 2005 with a $ 30 million  media blitz to follow this fall . we are very pleased to have ai  software solutions as our software development and web hosting partner  as they are clearly one of the top companies in this industry and can  fully support our expected rapid growth . they have integrated  seamlessly with our organization and made development a snap , stated  sports alumnis president matthew totty .  sports  alumni will also be marketing football fest 2006 this fall , a grand  event planned in las vegas ,  june  2006 , where they expect attendance of over 150 , 000 former  players and coaches . we have everything imaginable planned for this  event and were really excited for this to be the football event in  the country to attend each year . its a chance for our members to  rub elbows with footballs greats and just have a good time . if you  lived it , youre one of us , states mr . totty .  smart investors know its easier to take a $ 1 . 00 stock to  $ 5 . 00 than to take a $ 10 . 00 stock to $ 50 . 00 .  but the word is  getting out . chances like this are few and far between and the buzz  on the street is that spni is a buy ! who knows when youll have  another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors  strike when the irons hot and with spni , its sizzling !  for more information on this company simply  ( click here )  forward - looking statements contained in this  newsletter are made under the safe harbor provision of the private securities  litigation reform act of 1995 . any such statements are subject to risks  and uncertainties that could cause actual results of events to differ materially  from those anticipated in such forward looking statements . wall street research ,  quick business solutions , llc  ( wsr - qbs ) . has received three hundred thousand shares from a group of investors .  ( wsr - qbs ) . for the production and distribution of this newsletter .  ( wsr - qbs ) . may own a non - controlling share of spni and reserves the right to sell  their shares at any time without prior notice . this profile is not an offer to  buy or sell any securities mentioned herein . while the publisher believes all  sources of information to be factual and reliable , in no way does it represent  or guarantee the accuracy thereof , nor the statements made herein and have made  no independent verification of the facts , assumptions and estimates contained in  this newsletter . the user assumes all risk as to the accuracy and the use of  this document . always consult a professional investment advisor before making  any purchase . for further details concerning risks and uncertainties , please  request additional information directly from the company featured above or the  sec filings of the company including the companys most recent annual and  quarterly reports .  qbs 23031 sonoita mission viejo , ca 92692 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,aggressive investors watching sports alumni inc investor alert group investors would opportunity invest nba nfl nbl nhl mls leagues started rich would today today introducing new football alumni association bring ex high school college professional athletes around united states relive glory days savvy investor prepare buy stock become clear could one explosive opportunities year still opportunity buy stock pennies dollar long wall street research get excited many stocks getting harder harder find stocks potential make investors rich quickly blue chips ipo rarely pay small investors history shows consistent way small investors see money double triple short run smart enough find small caps huge potential buy take kind stocks gets us excited company review pink sheets symbol spni http www com recent price target price aggressive investors watching sports alumni inc spni making big moves growing fast nba nfl nbl nhl mls talk lockouts half seasons season salary caps even referees join turmoil every year one leagues threatens passion sports play season sports alumni inc bringing passion former game ex high school college professional athletes big salary making next couple years sports alumni inc sports alumni inc maybe started playing football years old never quite lost love game perhaps even played college ball ever level played good bet passion game end whistle blew last play ended american football alumni seeks bring back multi million member target market former current players coaches recent surveys reveal percent former football players would interested joining national alumni association whose makeup former high school college players seventy nine percent interested reunions former teammates percent said interested purchasing old school football jerseys especially names included afa bring old teams together subscriber network offering line stores customized merchandise first class magazine conventions football travel packages national local polls un tapped industry within multi billion dollar marketplace companys recent news sports alumni inc spni pk announced today official launch first sports alumni micro site www com site preliminary sign point first many sports alumni sites company plans launch year main member site launch expected early july million media blitz follow fall pleased ai software solutions software development web hosting partner clearly one top companies industry fully support expected rapid growth integrated seamlessly organization made development snap stated sports alumnis president matthew totty sports alumni also marketing football fest fall grand event planned las vegas june expect attendance former players coaches everything imaginable planned event really excited football event country attend year chance members rub elbows footballs greats good time lived youre one us states mr totty smart investors know easier take stock take stock word getting chances like far buzz street spni buy knows youll another chance turn huge profit smart investors strike irons hot spni sizzling information company simply click forward looking statements contained newsletter made safe harbor provision private securities litigation reform act statements subject risks uncertainties could cause actual results events differ materially anticipated forward looking statements wall street research quick business solutions llc wsr qbs received three hundred thousand shares group investors wsr qbs production distribution newsletter wsr qbs may non controlling share spni reserves right sell shares time without prior notice profile offer buy sell securities mentioned herein publisher believes sources information factual reliable way represent guarantee accuracy thereof statements made herein made independent verification facts assumptions estimates contained newsletter user assumes risk accuracy use document always consult professional investment advisor making purchase details concerning risks uncertainties please request additional information directly company featured sec filings company including companys recent annual quarterly reports qbs sonoita mission viejo ca e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: don ' t forget - coffee colloquium this morning ( 4 - 25 - 01 ) last one  of this academic year  students , faculty , and staff ,  don ' t forget to participate in the coffee colloquium this morning ( 4 - 25 - 01 )  from 9 : 45 to 10 : 45 held outside room 124 . this will be the last coffee  colloquium of this academic year . hope to see you there .  the coffee colloquium is an informal gathering which will allow faculty ,  administration , and students an opportunity to talk , exchange ideas and get  to know each other better . the jones school coffee colloquium will be a  regular gathering every wednesday ( same time , same place ) unless there is  another scheduled event ( dean ' s lecture , exam day , holiday ) . we usually  have coffee , tea , juice , soft drinks , and some light snacks available to  all who participate .  kathy  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0,forget coffee colloquium morning last one academic year students faculty staff forget participate coffee colloquium morning held outside room last coffee colloquium academic year hope see coffee colloquium informal gathering allow faculty administration students opportunity talk exchange ideas get know better jones school coffee colloquium regular gathering every wednesday time place unless another scheduled event dean lecture exam day holiday usually coffee tea juice soft drinks light snacks available participate kathy kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs
"Subject: re : fw : opportunities  vince  i will call you on monday . i understand that unexpected meetings are a  matter of life in today ' s world .  gerry  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , october 27 , 2000 3 : 12 pm  to : gsheble @ iastate . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : fw : opportunities  gerry ,  i may have unexpected meeting ( s ) in the morning .  please , keep trying and i shall try to call you as well .  vince  "" sheble , g . b . "" on 10 / 27 / 2000 09 : 09 : 16 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : fw : opportunities  vince  since we were not able to connect this morning , would you identify any  other  time as convenient for you ? should i try monday morning ?  thank you  gerry  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  gerald b . shebl ,  professor , electrical and computer engineering  director of complex adaptive systems program  1115 coover hall  ames , iowa 50011  voice : 515 . 294 . 3046  fax : 515 . 294 . 4263  email : gsheble @ iastate . edu  web : http : / / www . ee . iastate . edu / ~ sheble /  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =",0,fw opportunities vince call monday understand unexpected meetings matter life today world gerry original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent friday october pm gsheble iastate edu cc vince j kaminski enron com subject fw opportunities gerry may unexpected meeting morning please keep trying shall try call well vince sheble g b vince j kaminski enron com cc subject fw opportunities vince since able connect morning would identify time convenient try monday morning thank gerry gerald b shebl professor electrical computer engineering director complex adaptive systems program coover hall ames iowa voice fax email gsheble iastate edu web http www ee iastate edu sheble
Subject: hi  ho aussie w to save on your medlcatlons over 60 % .  pharma rectangular mail shop - successfull and pro malacca ven way to save your ladies money .  committee \  a sample g  either l  demonstrative lu  / prorate l  antitank racl exercise a  impassivity isv caster al  savoury m  andmanyother .  * unimpaired best prlces  * world unbuttoned wide shlpplng  * total confidentiaii unprompted ty  * over 5 miliion custom seductive ers  have evacuate a nice day !,1,hi ho aussie w save medlcatlons pharma rectangular mail shop successfull pro malacca ven way save ladies money committee sample g either l demonstrative lu prorate l antitank racl exercise impassivity isv caster al savoury andmanyother unimpaired best prlces world unbuttoned wide shlpplng total confidentiaii unprompted ty miliion custom seductive ers evacuate nice day
"Subject: re : enron / stanford program  vince ,  are we on for dinner on sunday at 7 pm ?  best regards ,  nick  nick bambos wrote :  >  > vince ,  >  > i have managed to change my ticket and we can meet for dinner on sunday  10 / 15 / 00 .  > shall we say at 7 pm ?  >  > > > > > giuseppe : can you please join us for dinner on sunday 10 / 15 . we ' d like  to briefly  > discuss the project too . could i please ask you to make reservations for 3  at  > il fornaio or some other nice place in palo alto ? preferably a quiet place  where  > we can talk .  > thanks ,  >  > nick  >  > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > >  > > nick ,  > >  > > dinner on sunday would work for me . i shall stay  > > in the bay area till monday morning .  > >  > > vince  > >  > > nick bambos on 09 / 28 / 2000 08 : 33 : 38 pm  > >  > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > cc :  > > subject : re : enron / stanford program  > >  > > hi vince ,  > >  > > i am on the technical program committee of the infocom 2001 conference ,  > > and we are meeting in new york city on saturday , october 14 th , to select  > > papers for the conference program . i ' m leaving stanford on friday and  > > getting back on sunday .  > >  > > it might be a possibility to have dinner together on sunday , if that would  > > work for you . in that case i would have to reschedule my flight to land  > > in sfo earlier than i ' m currently scheduled to land .  > >  > > would dinner on sunday work for you ? any chance we can meet monday for  > > lunch ?  > >  > > i look forward to seeing you .  > >  > > best regards ,  > >  > > nick  > >  > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > > >  > > > nick ,  > > >  > > > i shall be in stanford oct 14 - 15 , visiting my family .  > > > i would be glad to meet you ( and possibly giuseppe - your call ) for  > > lunch .  > > > please , let mer know if you are free on one of these days . saturday  would  > > > work better for me .  > > >  > > > vince  > > >  > > > nick bambos on 09 / 21 / 2000 02 : 09 : 46 pm  > > >  > > > to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  > > > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > > subject : re : enron / stanford program  > > >  > > > stinson ,  > > >  > > > great ! i ' m looking forward to a very productive collaboration .  > > > i ' ll immediately start doing giuseppe ' s papers , for him to work  > > > on the enron / stanford program .  > > >  > > > many thanks to you and vince , and i hope to see you soon at stanford  > > > or enron . if i remember correctly , vince is visiting stanford in  > > > october .  > > >  > > > best regards ,  > > >  > > > nick  > > >  > > > stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :  > > > >  > > > > nick ,  > > > >  > > > > i spoke with paul racicot , head of trading for ebs , north america  this  > > > > morning . he said that he is happy to send the $ 100 , 000 for your  > > program  > > > > from his budget . i have forwarded to him the draft letter to  > > accompany  > > > > the funds and will try to follow up to make sure that the money is  sent  > > > > promptly .  > > > >  > > > > - - stinson",0,enron stanford program vince dinner sunday pm best regards nick nick bambos wrote vince managed change ticket meet dinner sunday shall say pm giuseppe please join us dinner sunday like briefly discuss project could please ask make reservations il fornaio nice place palo alto preferably quiet place talk thanks nick vince j kaminski enron com wrote nick dinner sunday would work shall stay bay area till monday morning vince nick bambos pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject enron stanford program hi vince technical program committee infocom conference meeting new york city saturday october th select papers conference program leaving stanford friday getting back sunday might possibility dinner together sunday would work case would reschedule flight land sfo earlier currently scheduled land would dinner sunday work chance meet monday lunch look forward seeing best regards nick vince j kaminski enron com wrote nick shall stanford oct visiting family would glad meet possibly giuseppe call lunch please let mer know free one days saturday would work better vince nick bambos pm stinson gibner enron com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject enron stanford program stinson great looking forward productive collaboration immediately start giuseppe papers work enron stanford program many thanks vince hope see soon stanford enron remember correctly vince visiting stanford october best regards nick stinson gibner enron com wrote nick spoke paul racicot head trading ebs north america morning said happy send program budget forwarded draft letter accompany funds try follow make sure money sent promptly stinson
"Subject: want to make women adore you ? click here .  10 minutes before sex , lasts for 24 - 36 hours  an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind .  the man who runs may fight again .  where there is an open mind there will always be a frontier .",1,want make women adore click minutes sex lasts hours eye eye makes whole world blind man runs may fight open mind always frontier
"Subject: followup from iris mack  hi ,  thank you for your email . i am indeed interested in exploring  opportunities in your group - research ( quantitative modeling ) .  just a note to let you know that i am not in the pure quantitative  research  group here at bnp paribas - but in the derivatives structured products . i do  some of my own modeling and basic excel programming . i used to do a lot of  fortran programming . however , i am not a very good c / c + + programmer .  hope this gives you further details about my skills and interests .  thank you ,  iris  in  iris ,  at this point it ' s my group : research , i . e . quantitative modeling .  please , let me know what your interests are and i shall try to line up  other groups for the interview .  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 06 / 09 / 2000 02 : 33 : 50 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 10 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  i will be out of the country until wednesday afternoon - london time .  maybe we can chat then .  also , could you please tell me about the group ( s ) that are interested  in  speaking with me .  thanks ,  iris  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 20 : 31 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski  bcc :  subject : re : re [ 8 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  leaving for ca in a few minutes . i shall get back to you monday .  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 10 : 36 : 46 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 8 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  thanks for your email . begining of july - what about july 4 th week ?  could you give me a bit more info regarding the best days for you and  your  colleagues .  thanks ,  iris  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 14 : 29 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski  bcc :  subject : re : re [ 6 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  the beginning of july would be better for us . please , let me know what  is your availability .  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 30 : 49 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 6 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  thank you for your email . how many days do we need ?  i have checked my calendar . and think that i should be able to come on  monday june 19 th ( tuesday june 20 th - if you need more than one day ) . .  i can fly from london to houston during the following weekend to  arrive in  time for monday morning .  let me know if these days are good for you and your colleagues .  regards ,  iris  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 25 / 05 / 2000 18 : 33 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski  bcc :  subject : re : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  we can invite you for an interview to houston .  what would be a the time for you ?  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 11 : 32 : 04 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  thank you for your prompt response . i am interested in any contacts  you  may have in your rolodex .  also , i would be opened to talk to enron as well . please let me know  more  details .  kind regards ,  iris  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 25 / 05 / 2000 16 : 19 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski , stinson . gibner , grant . masson ,  pinnamaneni . krishnarao ,  vasant . shanbhogue  bcc :  subject : re : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  i shall go through my rolodex and try to find some good leads for you . i  left  investment banking 8 years ago and this field changes very fast .  alternatively , would you be interested in a company like enron  or another energy company in houston ?  please , let me know .  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 09 : 20 : 01 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  how are you ? thank you kindly for your email . sorry i have not  responded  sooner .  currently i am working in derivatives structured products and risk  management at bnp paribas in london . although i currently enjoy living and  working in london , i may need to return to the states - because of my  mother ' s  failing health .  do you know of any good contacts at investment banks that i may  forward my  details to ?  for your information , i have attached my cv . ( please see attached  file :  iris marie mack . doc ) .  thank you in advance for your time and consideration .  kind regards ,  iris mack  44 ( 0 ) 20 7595 8665 ( work )  44 ( 0 ) 20 7229 9986 ( home )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 04 / 04 / 2000 15 : 03 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski  bcc :  subject : re : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes .  i shall be glad to chat with you .  vince  iris . mack @ paribas . com on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 24 : 27 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : denis . autier @ paribas . com  subject : greetings from london ( to enron )  dear dr . kaminski ,  how are you ? it was nice to meet you at the real options conference  in  nyc .  i was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk . in  particular , by your use of real options to hedge financial options . this  is  something i am interested in as well .  when you have some time , could we chat about this topic in a bit more  detail ?  thanks for your time and consideration . hope to hear from you soon .  regards ,  iris mack  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a  commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided  for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * .  any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either  whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended  recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately .  * bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa  ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en  aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas *  sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le  groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion ,  meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes  pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement  l ' expediteur .  * le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas  sa  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  - iris marie mack . doc",0,followup iris mack hi thank email indeed interested exploring opportunities group research quantitative modeling note let know pure quantitative research group bnp paribas derivatives structured products modeling basic excel programming used lot fortran programming however good c c programmer hope gives details skills interests thank iris iris point group research e quantitative modeling please let know interests shall try line groups interview vince iris mack bnpparibas com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject greetings london enron hi country wednesday afternoon london time maybe chat also could please tell group interested speaking thanks iris internet vince j kaminski enron com gmt iris mack cc vince j kaminski bcc subject greetings london enron iris leaving ca minutes shall get back monday vince iris mack bnpparibas com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject greetings london enron hi thanks email begining july july th week could give bit info regarding best days colleagues thanks iris internet vince j kaminski enron com gmt iris mack cc vince j kaminski bcc subject greetings london enron iris beginning july would better us please let know availability vince iris mack bnpparibas com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject greetings london enron hi thank email many days need checked calendar think able come monday june th tuesday june th need one day fly london houston following weekend arrive time monday morning let know days good colleagues regards iris internet vince j kaminski enron com gmt iris mack cc vince j kaminski bcc subject greetings london enron iris invite interview houston would time vince iris mack bnpparibas com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject greetings london enron hi thank prompt response interested contacts may rolodex also would opened talk enron well please let know details kind regards iris internet vince j kaminski enron com gmt iris mack cc vince j kaminski stinson gibner grant masson pinnamaneni krishnarao vasant shanbhogue bcc subject greetings london enron iris shall go rolodex try find good leads left investment banking years ago field changes fast alternatively would interested company like enron another energy company houston please let know vince iris mack bnpparibas com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject greetings london enron hi thank kindly email sorry responded sooner currently working derivatives structured products risk management bnp paribas london although currently enjoy living working london may need return states mother failing health know good contacts investment banks may forward details information attached cv please see attached file iris marie mack doc thank advance time consideration kind regards iris mack work home see attached file iris marie mack doc internet vince j kaminski enron com gmt iris mack cc vince j kaminski bcc subject greetings london enron iris please feel free give call minutes shall glad chat vince iris mack paribas com vkamins enron com cc denis autier paribas com subject greetings london enron dear dr kaminski nice meet real options conference nyc intrigued comments conference talk particular use real options hedge financial options something interested well time could chat topic bit detail thanks time consideration hope hear soon regards iris mack message confidential contents constitute commitment bnp paribas group except provided written agreement bnp paribas group unauthorised disclosure use dissemination either whole partial prohibited intended recipient message please notify sender immediately bnp paribas group trading name bnp sa paribas sa ce message est confidentiel son contenu ne represente en aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le groupe bnp paribas toute publication utilisation ou diffusion meme partielle doit etre autorisee prealablement si vous n etes pas destinataire de ce message merci en avertir immediatement l expediteur le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas sa see attached file iris marie mack doc see attached file iris marie mack doc see attached file iris marie mack doc see attached file iris marie mack doc see attached file iris marie mack doc iris marie mack doc
Subject: no need to pay more - cheapest oem online .  what is oem software and why do you care ?  http : / / mth . kr 6 h 512 vzc 2 rh 32 . spurternj . com  no one gossips about other people ' s secret virtues .  better fare hard with good men than feast it with bad .,1,need pay cheapest oem online oem software care http mth kr h vzc rh spurternj com one gossips people secret virtues better fare hard good men feast bad
"Subject: wish i ' dd tried sooner  how to save on your supper medlcations over 70 % .  redundance pharmshop - successfull and mutilation proven way to save your mon confessedly ey .  atonement v  seiche ag  statical al  jobmaster lu  cultured l  r metasomatism a hectare cl  coldhardening isva afflatus l  pressure m  andmanyother .  best p underbuy rlces .  worldwide shlpplng woodengraver .  easy infestation order form .  total con arcuate fidentiaiity .  2 versification 50 , 000 satisfied customers .  order flounder today and save !",1,wish dd tried sooner save supper medlcations redundance pharmshop successfull mutilation proven way save mon confessedly ey atonement v seiche ag statical al jobmaster lu cultured l r metasomatism hectare cl coldhardening isva afflatus l pressure andmanyother best p underbuy rlces worldwide shlpplng woodengraver easy infestation order form total con arcuate fidentiaiity versification satisfied customers order flounder today save
"Subject: lunch  dzien dobry ,  mam nadzieje , ze nic sie nie zmienilo i jestesmy umowieni na dziesiejszy  lunch . proponuje sie spotkac o godzinie 12 . 00 na parterze obok biurka  "" security ladies "" ( bo wiem gdzie to jest ) . ubrany jestem w czarne spodnie ,  bezowe buty i szara bluze . nie jestem pewien czy bede mogl przeczytac  potwierdzenie , bo od 10 do 11 . 45 przeprowadzam szkolenie .  juliusz",0,lunch dzien dobry mam nadzieje ze nic sie nie zmienilo jestesmy umowieni na dziesiejszy lunch proponuje sie spotkac godzinie na parterze obok biurka security ladies bo wiem gdzie jest ubrany jestem w czarne spodnie bezowe buty szara bluze nie jestem pewien czy bede mogl przeczytac potwierdzenie bo od przeprowadzam szkolenie juliusz
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing toois  wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a click  away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front end logo visuai identity logodentity offers creative custom desiqn loqos stationery web sites careful hand powerful marketing toois wili bring breath fresh air business make stand among competitors click away future success click see sampies artwork check prices hot offers
"Subject: financial freedom  dear friend ,  how would you like to make $ 50 , 000 in the next 90 days ? sounds impossible ?  i guarantee that it ' s true , and you can do it . i ' m sure you would like an  extra $ 50 , 000 to spend . for more information , please visit the website  below .  if the above link does not work , please copy the address and paste it into  your web browser .  at the very least take a minute to look at what is on the site , it may  change your life forever .  note : this is not an unsolicited e - mail . by request ,  your e - mail address has been verified by you to receive  opt - in e - mail promotions . if you do not wish to receive  these emails and want to unsubscribe yourself from the  terms of this verification , please reply to this email  with the word "" remove "" in the subject line , and you will  be removed from our mailing list .",1,financial freedom dear friend would like make next days sounds impossible guarantee true sure would like extra spend information please visit website link work please copy address paste web browser least take minute look site may change life forever note unsolicited e mail request e mail address verified receive opt e mail promotions wish receive emails want unsubscribe terms verification please reply email word remove subject line removed mailing list
"Subject: customer profiling meeting - amendment  bob shults is scheduled to be in atlanta , ga on the 17 th of march and would  like to reschedule the "" customer profiling meeting "" , to tuesday , march 24 st  at t 1 : 30 p . m . , location to be announced . if you are unable to attend please  let me know .  lydia  3 - 9975",0,customer profiling meeting amendment bob shults scheduled atlanta ga th march would like reschedule customer profiling meeting tuesday march st p location announced unable attend please let know lydia
"Subject: in the heart of your business !  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only  several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among  competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right  now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see severai ioqo variants in three  business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of  chanqes ; you can be sure : it wili meet your needsand fit your  business . fiexibie discounts : loqo improvement , additional formats , buik  orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right  now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,heart business corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes several seconds company remembered iost among competitors get logo business stationery website done right fast turnaround wiii see severai ioqo variants three business days satisfaction quaranteed provide uniimited amount chanqes sure wili meet needsand fit business fiexibie discounts loqo improvement additional formats buik orders special packages creative design competitive price look right interested
"Subject: re : march real options conference  vince . thanks for getting back to me . i will have my secretary try to  set up something among the three of us . gary , as vince cannot make a call  on wednesday , i will have my assistant call you to try to find a suitable  time . rachel , gary jackson ' s phone number is 423 751 2593 and vince  kaminski ' s secretary ' s number is given below .  at 03 : 34 pm 2 / 21 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  >  > peter ,  >  > i am in london till wednesday afternoon . i shall be back at the office on  > thursday .  >  > please , feel free to call my secretary , shirley crenshaw 713 853 5290 , to  > schedule  > a conference call . i cannot access my calendar from london and don ' t know my  > commitments for this day .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > peter tufano on 02 / 18 / 2000 03 : 56 : 33 pm  >  > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , gljackson 2 @ tva . gov  > cc :  > subject : re : march real options conference  >  >  >  > dear vince and gary ,  >  > we are all speaking at the march real options session in ny . my work in  > real options in the energy field has come , to a large part , from my  > casewriting in your two organizations , so i feel that we should probably  > allocate more time toward your presentations and less to mine . while we  > have a two hour block among the three of us , i think we can freely  > re - arrange things to produce the best result . would you two like to  > schedule a brief conference call to coordinate our talks ? i am free  > virtually all of next wednesday 2 / 23 , perhaps we could talk at 10 am ( est )  > or 2 pm ( est ) ? i am happy to arrange the call , if you send me your phone  > numbers . thanks .  >  > peter tufano  >  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > prof . peter tufano  > harvard business school  > morgan hall 377  > soldiers field  > boston , massachusetts 02163  > phone : ( 617 ) 495 - 6855  > fax : ( 617 ) 496 - 6592  > email : ptufano @ hbs . edu  > http : / / www . people . hbs . edu / ptufano  >  professor peter tufano  harvard business school  morgan 377  soldiers field  boston , ma 02163  phone ( 617 ) 495 - 6855  fax ( 617 ) 496 - 6592  email ptufano @ hbs . edu  http : / / www . people . hbs . edu / ptufano",0,march real options conference vince thanks getting back secretary try set something among three us gary vince make call wednesday assistant call try find suitable time rachel gary jackson phone number vince kaminski secretary number given pm wrote peter london till wednesday afternoon shall back office thursday please feel free call secretary shirley crenshaw schedule conference call access calendar london know commitments day vince peter tufano pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect gljackson tva gov cc subject march real options conference dear vince gary speaking march real options session ny work real options energy field come large part casewriting two organizations feel probably allocate time toward presentations less mine two hour block among three us think freely arrange things produce best result would two like schedule brief conference call coordinate talks free virtually next wednesday perhaps could talk est pm est happy arrange call send phone numbers thanks peter tufano prof peter tufano harvard business school morgan hall soldiers field boston massachusetts phone fax email ptufano hbs edu http www people hbs edu ptufano professor peter tufano harvard business school morgan soldiers field boston phone fax email ptufano hbs edu http www people hbs edu ptufano
"Subject: call for papers : the international joint conferences on computer ,  information and systems sciences and engineering cisse 05  if you received this email in error , please forward it to the appropriate department at your institution  please do not reply to this message , your reply will not be received . if you need to contact us , please email us at info @ cisse 2005 . org  * international joint conferences on computer , information , *  * and systems sciences , and engineering ( cisse 05 ) *  * *  * *  * http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org *  * *  * *  * *  december 10 - 20 , 2005  sponsored by :  institute of electrical & electronics engineers ( ieee )  university of bridgeport  conference overview  cisse 05 provides a virtual forum for presentation and discussion of the  state - of the - art research on computers , information and systems sciences and  engineering . the virtual conference will be conducted through the internet  using web - conferencing tools , made available by the conference .  authors will be presenting their powerpoint , audio or video presentations  using web - conferencing tools without the need for travel . conference  sessions will be broadcast to all the conference participants , where session  participants can interact with the presenter during the presentation and  ( or ) during the q & a slot that follows the presentation .  this international conference will be held entirely on - line . the accepted and  presented papers will be made available after the conference both on a cd and  as a book publication .  conference participants - authors , presenters and attendees - only need an  internet connection and sound available on their computers in order to be  able to contribute and participate in this international ground - breaking  conference .  the on - line structure of this high - quality event will allow academic  professionals and industry participants to contribute work and attend  world - class technical presentations based on rigorously refereed  submissions , live , without the need for investing significant travel funds  or time out of the office .  potential non - author conference attendees who cannot make the on - line  conference dates are encouraged to register , as the entire joint conferences  will be archived for future viewing .  please feel free to download the call for papers at :  http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / cfpcisseo 5 . doc ( microsoft word format ) or  http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / cfpcisseo 5 . pdf ( adobe pdf format )  cisse 05 is composed of the following four conferences :  * international conference on industrial electronics , technology  & automation ( ieta 05 )  topics : advanced and distributed control systems , intelligent control  systems ( nn , fl , ga , . etc ) , expert systems , man machine interaction , data  fusion , factory automation , robotics , motion control , machine vision , mems  sensors and actuators , sensors fusion , power electronics , high frequency  converters , motors and drives , power converters , power devices and  components , electric vehicles and intelligent transportation , process  automation , factory communication , manufacturing information system advances  in manufacturing systems , industrial applications of multi media ,  intelligent systems instrumentation , industrial instrumentation , modeling  and simulation , signal processing , image and data processing , vr and  parallel systems .  conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / ieta . aspx  * international conference on telecommunications and networking ( teneo 5 )  topics : optical networks and switching , computer networks , network  architectures and equipment , access technologies , telecommunication  technology , coding and modulation technique , modeling and simulation , spread  spectrum and cdma systems , ofdm technology , space - time coding , ultra  wideband communications , medium access control , spread spectrum , wireless  lan : ieee 802 . 11 , hiperlan , bluetooth , cellular wireless networks , cordless  systems and wireless local loop , mobile network layer , mobile transport  layer , support for mobility , conventional encryption and message  confidentiality , block ciphers design principles , block ciphers modes of  operation , public - key cryptography and message authentication ,  authentication application , stenography , electronic mail security , web  security , ip security , firewalls , computer forensics .  conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / tene . aspx  * international conference on systems , computing sciences and software  engineering ( scss 05 )  topics : grid computing , internet - based computing models , resource discovery ,  programming models and tools , e - science and virtual instrumentation ,  biometric authentication , computers for people of special needs , human  computer interaction , information and knowledge engineering , algorithms ,  parallel and distributed processing , modeling and simulation , services and  applications , embedded systems and applications , databases , programming  languages , signal processing theory and methods , signal processing for  communication , signal processing architectures and implementation ,  information processing , geographical information systems ,  object based software engineering , parallel and distributed computing , real  time systems multiprocessing , file systems and i / o , kernel and os structures .  conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / scss . aspx  * international conference on engineering education , instructional  technology , assessment , and e - learning ( eiae 05 )  topics : instructional design , accreditation , curriculum design , educational  tools , 2 - 2 - 2 platforms , teaching capstone design , teaching design at the  lower levels , design and development of e - learning tools , assessment methods  in engineering , development and implementation of e - learning tools ,  economical and social impacts of e - learning , platforms and systems for  k - 12 / industry and higher education cooperation .  conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / eiae . aspx  paper submission  prospective authors are invited to submit full papers electronically in  microsoft word or pdf format through the website of each conference at  http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org . accepted papers must be presented in the virtual  conference by one of the authors .  to submit your paper , visit http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / author / submit . aspx or  visit the individual conference pages .  important dates  paper submission : september 30 , 2005  notification of acceptance : october 28 , 2005  final manuscript and registration : november 18 , 2005  cisse 2005 66 glenbrook rd stamford , ct 06902 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .",1,call papers international joint conferences computer information systems sciences engineering cisse received email error please forward appropriate department institution please reply message reply received need contact us please email us info cisse org international joint conferences computer information systems sciences engineering cisse http www cisse org december sponsored institute electrical electronics engineers ieee university bridgeport conference overview cisse provides virtual forum presentation discussion state art research computers information systems sciences engineering virtual conference conducted internet using web conferencing tools made available conference authors presenting powerpoint audio video presentations using web conferencing tools without need travel conference sessions broadcast conference participants session participants interact presenter presentation q slot follows presentation international conference held entirely line accepted presented papers made available conference cd book publication conference participants authors presenters attendees need internet connection sound available computers order able contribute participate international ground breaking conference line structure high quality event allow academic professionals industry participants contribute work attend world class technical presentations based rigorously refereed submissions live without need investing significant travel funds time office potential non author conference attendees make line conference dates encouraged register entire joint conferences archived future viewing please feel free download call papers http www cisse org cfpcisseo doc microsoft word format http www cisse org cfpcisseo pdf adobe pdf format cisse composed following four conferences international conference industrial electronics technology automation ieta topics advanced distributed control systems intelligent control systems nn fl ga etc expert systems man machine interaction data fusion factory automation robotics motion control machine vision mems sensors actuators sensors fusion power electronics high frequency converters motors drives power converters power devices components electric vehicles intelligent transportation process automation factory communication manufacturing information system advances manufacturing systems industrial applications multi media intelligent systems instrumentation industrial instrumentation modeling simulation signal processing image data processing vr parallel systems conference page http www cisse org ieta aspx international conference telecommunications networking teneo topics optical networks switching computer networks network architectures equipment access technologies telecommunication technology coding modulation technique modeling simulation spread spectrum cdma systems ofdm technology space time coding ultra wideband communications medium access control spread spectrum wireless lan ieee hiperlan bluetooth cellular wireless networks cordless systems wireless local loop mobile network layer mobile transport layer support mobility conventional encryption message confidentiality block ciphers design principles block ciphers modes operation public key cryptography message authentication authentication application stenography electronic mail security web security ip security firewalls computer forensics conference page http www cisse org tene aspx international conference systems computing sciences software engineering scss topics grid computing internet based computing models resource discovery programming models tools e science virtual instrumentation biometric authentication computers people special needs human computer interaction information knowledge engineering algorithms parallel distributed processing modeling simulation services applications embedded systems applications databases programming languages signal processing theory methods signal processing communication signal processing architectures implementation information processing geographical information systems object based software engineering parallel distributed computing real time systems multiprocessing file systems kernel os structures conference page http www cisse org scss aspx international conference engineering education instructional technology assessment e learning eiae topics instructional design accreditation curriculum design educational tools platforms teaching capstone design teaching design lower levels design development e learning tools assessment methods engineering development implementation e learning tools economical social impacts e learning platforms systems k industry higher education cooperation conference page http www cisse org eiae aspx paper submission prospective authors invited submit full papers electronically microsoft word pdf format website conference http www cisse org accepted papers must presented virtual conference one authors submit paper visit http www cisse org author submit aspx visit individual conference pages important dates paper submission september notification acceptance october final manuscript registration november cisse glenbrook rd stamford ct e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: confidential information and securities trading  to : kaminski , wincenty  email : vkamins @ enron . com - 7138533848  ?  enron wholesale services - office of the chairman  ?  from : ? ? mark frevert , chairman & ceo  ? ? ? ? ? ? greg whalley , president & coo  ? ? ? ? ? ? mark haedicke , managing director & general counsel  ?  subject : ? ? confidential information and securities trading  ?  enron wholesale services ( ' ews ' ) maintains official policies and procedures  regarding confidential information and securities trading ( ' policies and  procedures ' ) , which have been revised as of november 15 , 2000 to reflect the  new ews structure . these policies and procedures are intended to allow us  simultaneously to pursue our diverse businesses and to protect confidential  information , our reputation for integrity , and ews and its employees from  legal liability .  ?  you are required to become familiar with , and to comply with , the policies  and procedures . the newly revised policies and procedures are available for  your review on legalonline , the new intranet website maintained by the enron  wholesale services legal department . please click on the attached link to  access legalonline :  ?  ?  you must certify your compliance with the policies and procedures within two  weeks of your receipt of this message . the legalonline site will allow you  to quickly and conveniently certify your compliance on - line with your sap  personal id number . if you have any questions concerning the policies or  procedures , please call lance schuler at extension 3 - 5419 , mark haedicke at  extension 3 - 6544 , alan aronowitz at extension 3 - 3214 , bob bruce at extension  5 - 7780 or donna lowry at extension 3 - 1939 .",0,confidential information securities trading kaminski wincenty email vkamins enron com enron wholesale services office chairman mark frevert chairman ceo greg whalley president coo mark haedicke managing director general counsel subject confidential information securities trading enron wholesale services ews maintains official policies procedures regarding confidential information securities trading policies procedures revised november reflect new ews structure policies procedures intended allow us simultaneously pursue diverse businesses protect confidential information reputation integrity ews employees legal liability required become familiar comply policies procedures newly revised policies procedures available review legalonline new intranet website maintained enron wholesale services legal department please click attached link access legalonline must certify compliance policies procedures within two weeks receipt message legalonline site allow quickly conveniently certify compliance line sap personal id number questions concerning policies procedures please call lance schuler extension mark haedicke extension alan aronowitz extension bob bruce extension donna lowry extension
Subject: be one of our survey takers and we ' ll send you a complimentary laptop computer .  computer survey group needs survey takers in your area now . we ' d like to send you a complimentary laptop computer now for helping us . ( )  laayawrw,1,one survey takers send complimentary laptop computer computer survey group needs survey takers area like send complimentary laptop computer helping us laayawrw
"Subject: re : nawty locals in your area pdi  s - e - x - y local singles inside !  payne is cobble desperado but makeup not divergent carven .  here theseus france may cackle and eastman hecate ,  opera not quite .  iwantout ",1,nawty locals area pdi e x local singles inside payne cobble desperado makeup divergent carven theseus france may cackle eastman hecate opera quite iwantout
"Subject: henwood team  folks ,  i have been a bit quiet here since reaching india , primarily because of the  delay in the arrival of the henwood team from australia .  they are finally arriving on sunday , and krishna is joining me in mumbai on  sunday evening itself .  i would like to fix a schedule to have a conference call with you on the data  and the type fo questions that you all would like to ask .  stinson - could you please tell me what time would be a good one for you all  to hae a confernce call , but not earlier than monday evening , india time  ( monday morning houston time ) . please jot me a note on what would be a good  time for the call .  i will work out an agenda for the call . primarily , it will be discussion of  the data and on what runs we should do to begin with .  another key part of this will be the rate case that mseb is filing , because  this will determine what wil be mseb ' s paymet capability in 2001 / 02 . this is  critical for us . we have our in - house expert who has been working on this  for some time now , and he will also present some of the material on that call .  regards ,  sandeep .  ps : : i am forwarding the basic data that henwood has sent to the whole team  so that you have an opportunity to look at it , if you havent already got it .",0,henwood team folks bit quiet since reaching india primarily delay arrival henwood team australia finally arriving sunday krishna joining mumbai sunday evening would like fix schedule conference call data type fo questions would like ask stinson could please tell time would good one hae confernce call earlier monday evening india time monday morning houston time please jot note would good time call work agenda call primarily discussion data runs begin another key part rate case mseb filing determine wil mseb paymet capability critical us house expert working time also present material call regards sandeep ps forwarding basic data henwood sent whole team opportunity look havent already got
"Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender  this message was created automatically by mail delivery software .  a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its  recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed :  chantellehawaii @ turquoise . net  ( generated from info @ chantelleart . com )  smtp error from remote mailer after rcpt to : :  host mail . turquoise . net [ 64 . 75 . 251 . 7 ] : 550 :  recipient address rejected : user unknown in local recipient table  - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - -  return - path :  received : from [ 221 . 200 . 170 . 147 ] ( helo = mailwisconsin . com )  by srvl . axantil . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 43 )  id ldupmy - 0003 wz - 3 x  for info @ chantelleart . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 57 : 29 - 0400  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815886 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ chantelleart . com  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  x - antivirus - scanner : clean mail though you should still use an antivirus  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !",1,mail delivery failed returning message sender message created automatically mail delivery software message sent could delivered one recipients permanent error following address es failed chantellehawaii turquoise net generated info chantelleart com smtp error remote mailer rcpt host mail turquoise net recipient address rejected user unknown local recipient table copy message including headers return path received helo mailwisconsin com srvl axantil com smtp exim id ldupmy wz x info chantelleart com tue jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo info chantelleart com user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal x antivirus scanner clean mail though still use antivirus soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivable
"Subject: resume : dipak agarwallah ph . d . econ .  here is a resume forwarded to our group . dipak has some industry  experience , but does not seem to have programming skills . any interest ?  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 11 / 09 / 2000  10 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  paulo issler  11 / 07 / 2000 02 : 56 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume and cover letter  stinson :  per our conversation i am forwarding you dipak ' s resume .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paulo issler / hou / ect on 11 / 07 / 2000 02 : 48  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  guido caranti @ enron _ development  11 / 02 / 2000 01 : 44 pm  to : paulo issler @ ect  cc :  subject : resume and cover letter  poulo , this is the info of the guy i talked to you about . please let me know  what you think .  thanks a lot  guido  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by guido caranti / enron _ development on  11 / 02 / 2000 01 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" dipak agarwalla "" on 10 / 13 / 2000 11 : 36 : 22 am  to : guido . caranti @ enron . com  cc : a _ dipak @ hotmail . com  subject : resume and cover letter  hi mr . caranti ,  please find the attached cover letter and resume . please let me know if you  need any further information and i look forward to talking to you on  saturday at 8 : 30 pm .  thank you very much  dipak  get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com .  share information about yourself , create your own public profile at  http : / / profiles . msn . com .  - resume - dipak agarwalla . doc  - cover letter - dipak agarwalla . doc",0,resume dipak agarwallah ph econ resume forwarded group dipak industry experience seem programming skills interest stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect paulo issler pm stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject resume cover letter stinson per conversation forwarding dipak resume forwarded paulo issler hou ect pm guido caranti enron development pm paulo issler ect cc subject resume cover letter poulo info guy talked please let know think thanks lot guido forwarded guido caranti enron development pm dipak agarwalla guido caranti enron com cc dipak hotmail com subject resume cover letter hi mr caranti please find attached cover letter resume please let know need information look forward talking saturday pm thank much dipak get private free e mail msn hotmail http www hotmail com share information create public profile http profiles msn com resume dipak agarwalla doc cover letter dipak agarwalla doc
"Subject: wti trading simulation presentation  john ,  i prepared the presentation in the way we discussed on wednesday .  in summary i have included the following scenarios :  tenor : 1 , 3 , 5 years back from nov , 2000  1 , 3 , 5 years back from nov , 1998  1 , 3 , 5 years back from nov . 1995  number of trade per day : 200 , 600 , 1000  bid - offer spread : $ 0 . 04 and $ 0 . 06  net open position allowed : 1 , 000 , 000 and 5 , 000 , 000  volume per trade is fixed at 1 , 000 bbl .  all together , there are 9 * 12 = 108 scenarios included in the presentation .  i will be on vocation starting next week . but i will check my e - mail and  phone  messages to make modifications you need .  happy holidays ,  zimin",0,wti trading simulation presentation john prepared presentation way discussed wednesday summary included following scenarios tenor years back nov years back nov years back nov number trade per day bid offer spread net open position allowed volume per trade fixed bbl together scenarios included presentation vocation starting next week check e mail phone messages make modifications need happy holidays zimin
Subject: iraq and crude output  an interesting piece of information from the oil markets .  iraq is trying to extract concessions from the us and threatens to shut down  production as of oct 1 ( just in time for the us elections ) .  the source of this info is phil verlaeger ( an oil analyst ) .  he is very good but excessively concerned with iraqi machinations .  he is the source of news ( reported by friedman of the new york times in  his op - ed columns ) about massive iraqi trading in the  oil futures markets . i personally discount this info : the volume and  transparency of  the oil markets would not support this type of huge scale operations by  saddam ' s  government . there may be some trading by iraqi officials on the side .  vince,0,iraq crude output interesting piece information oil markets iraq trying extract concessions us threatens shut production oct time us elections source info phil verlaeger oil analyst good excessively concerned iraqi machinations source news reported friedman new york times op ed columns massive iraqi trading oil futures markets personally discount info volume transparency oil markets would support type huge scale operations saddam government may trading iraqi officials side vince
"Subject: extra time - cures premature ejaculation  hello ,  did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of  penetration ?  premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly  and without control . it occurs before or shortly after  penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual  pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of  guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression .  extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that ,  not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually "" cures "" it .  extra - time is the only product that allows "" you "" to control  when you ejaculate .  - non - hormonal herbal therapy .  - acts locally on the sex organs .  - regulates process of ejaculation .  - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway .  - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain .  look here : http : / / degradedly . com / et / ? meds  no thanks : http : / / degradedly . com / rr . php",1,extra time cures premature ejaculation hello ejaculate within minutes penetration premature ejaculation occurs ejaculate quickly without control occurs shortly penetration premature ejaculation interferes sexual pleasure partner causes feelings guilt embarrassment frustration depression extra time male sexual performance formula stops premature ejaculation actually cures extra time product allows control ejaculate non hormonal herbal therapy acts locally sex organs regulates process ejaculation acts neuro endocrine pathway acts high centers emotion brain look http degradedly com et meds thanks http degradedly com rr php
"Subject: [ ilug ] wilson kamela  attn : sir / madan  strictly confidential .  i am pleased to introduce myself to you . my name is mr . wilson kamela a native of south africa and a senior employee of mines and natural resources department currently on a trainning course in holland for few months .  i am writing this letter to request your assistance in order to redeem an investment with the south african mining corporation . the said investment , now valued at ( $ 15 . 5 million dollars ) fifteen million , five hundred thousand dollars only was purchased by lucio harper and contracted out to the south african mining corporation in 1977 now recognised as mines and natural resources department . this redeemable investment interest , has now matured since march last year .  since march last year , several attempts have been made to contact lucio harper without success and there is no way to contact any of his close relatives in whose favour the investment cash value can be paid .  since we have access to all lucio harper ' s information , we can claim this money with the help of my partners with the south african mines and natural resources department . all we have to do is to file claim using you as lucio harper ' s relative .  i will like to assure you that there is absolutely nothing to worry about , because it is perfectly safe with no risk involved . please ensure to keep this matter strictly confidential . my partner will file a claim for this money on your behalf from the southafrican mining corporation . when the claim is approved , you as the beneficiary  will be paid ( 25 % ) of the total amouth .  since this money can be paid directly into any bank account of your choice , you have responsibility to ensure that my partner and ireceive ( 70 % ) of the total amouth . while the balance ( 5 % ) will be set aside for any unforseen expenses in the cause of transfering this money .  i will appreciate if you can give your assurance and guarantee that our share will be well secured . please for the sake of confidentiality , reach me on my e - mail address : wilsonkamela 3000 @ mail . com . please let me know if this proposal is acceptable to you . kindly reach me immediately with any of the stated contact addresses so that better clearifications  relating to the transaction will be explained to you .  truly yours ,  wilson kamela .  - -  irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug wilson kamela attn sir madan strictly confidential pleased introduce name mr wilson kamela native south africa senior employee mines natural resources department currently trainning course holland months writing letter request assistance order redeem investment south african mining corporation said investment valued million dollars fifteen million five hundred thousand dollars purchased lucio harper contracted south african mining corporation recognised mines natural resources department redeemable investment interest matured since march last year since march last year several attempts made contact lucio harper without success way contact close relatives whose favour investment cash value paid since access lucio harper information claim money help partners south african mines natural resources department file claim using lucio harper relative like assure absolutely nothing worry perfectly safe risk involved please ensure keep matter strictly confidential partner file claim money behalf southafrican mining corporation claim approved beneficiary paid total amouth since money paid directly bank account choice responsibility ensure partner ireceive total amouth balance set aside unforseen expenses cause transfering money appreciate give assurance guarantee share well secured please sake confidentiality reach e mail address wilsonkamela mail com please let know proposal acceptable kindly reach immediately stated contact addresses better clearifications relating transaction explained truly wilson kamela irish linux users group ilug linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo ilug un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: need to find something ?  to be removed from this list , click here .",1,need find something removed list click
"Subject: re : risk magazine - enron sponsored issue on energy derivatives  yes , i will have sam send him two copies .  sam : can you send the below enron employee 2 copies of "" the book ""  thanks !  vince j kaminski  02 / 28 / 2000 08 : 21 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : risk magazine - enron sponsored issue on energy derivatives  shirley ,  do we still have some copies left ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 28 / 2000  08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gopalakrishnan subramaniam @ enron _ development  02 / 25 / 2000 11 : 24 pm  sent by : subramaniam gopalakrishnan @ enron _ development  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : risk magazine - enron sponsored issue on energy derivatives  i have recently come on board as treasurer , enron india . prior to joining ,  i was with reliance industries , a petrochemical conglomerate in india .  the central banking authorities are now thinking of permitting  corporates to hedge their oil and other related risks . i believe the  literature published  by risk in collaboration with enron has come to be considered as an  industry standard . would it be possible to arrange for two copies to be sent  across to us .  thanx n regards  g . subramaniam  treasurer ,  enron india pvt . ltd .  36 , maker chambers vi ,  nariman point ,  mumbai 400 021",0,risk magazine enron sponsored issue energy derivatives yes sam send two copies sam send enron employee copies book thanks vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject risk magazine enron sponsored issue energy derivatives shirley still copies left vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect gopalakrishnan subramaniam enron development pm sent subramaniam gopalakrishnan enron development vince j kaminski ect cc subject risk magazine enron sponsored issue energy derivatives recently come board treasurer enron india prior joining reliance industries petrochemical conglomerate india central banking authorities thinking permitting corporates hedge oil related risks believe literature published risk collaboration enron come considered industry standard would possible arrange two copies sent across us thanx n regards g subramaniam treasurer enron india pvt ltd maker chambers vi nariman point mumbai
"Subject: allocations  becky ,  please , take a look at the allocations sheet .  vince",0,allocations becky please take look allocations sheet vince
"Subject: re : test  thanks , vince . we have received both her application and her signed offer letter , so we are moving in the right direction .  molly  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 10 : 44 am  to : magee , molly  cc : crenshaw , shirley  subject : re : test  molly  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 10 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  edward kao on 04 / 18 / 2001 08 : 30 : 49 pm  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc :  subject : re : test  vince :  candice ' s contact information at mount holyoke is as follows :  phone : ( 413 ) 493 - 5092  email : cgkao @ mtholyoke . edu  address : 1453 blanchard campus center  mount holyoke college  south hadley , ma 01075 - 6002  ed  ps : i hope ron singer has given you the needed info . please feel free to  contact me if i can be of any help with regard to your colleague ' s inquiry  about pursuing doctoral study at uh . ",0,test thanks vince received application signed offer letter moving right direction molly original message kaminski vince sent thursday april magee molly cc crenshaw shirley subject test molly fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect edward kao pm vkamins ect enron com cc subject test vince candice contact information mount holyoke follows phone email cgkao mtholyoke edu address blanchard campus center mount holyoke college south hadley ed ps hope ron singer given needed info please feel free contact help regard colleague inquiry pursuing doctoral study uh
"Subject: selling travel in today ' s economy  good morning !  since it may have been awhile since you visited us  atwww . mailpound . comi  wanted to update you on what is happening . when we launched the mailpound  almost two years ago , our focus was on saving time , toner and  treesby providing an alternative fororganizing the huge  number of faxes suppliers sent travel agents each week . our most popular  feature was the fam section , followed by the weekly sweepstakes .  but that has changed .  like many involved in selling retail travel , we have been  striving to find ways to succeed in a challenging environment . additional  commission cuts , the aftermath of 9 / 11 , and the drop in the stock  market , has  had a cumulative effect on all of us . to survive , to succeed , we know  that we  will need to work harder , work smarter , and work together . we have  gotten a  tremendous amount of support from travel agents and this has translated  into  the ability to get more support for travel agents from suppliers .  our focus has expanded from providing a resource for  searching supplier  special offers to providing a suite of tools and services that can create  sales and raise commissions . almost all of these services are supplier  supported and free to travel agents .  actively seek out the beste - commerce  values  helpyou market special offers to your  clients  host personal web sites for travel agents with  mailpound  content *  offerhigher commissions through  consolidation  organize sales incentives from suppliers  provide new technology for fast and easyonline  bookings  provide your clients with the ability to book through  you ,  online  * mpdirect services are offered for  $ 9 . 95 / month  we invite you to visit us soon at www . mailpound . comor  check out the links shown below . see how the free services we offer the  travel  agent community can help you succeed . the summer is almost over , now is  the  time to prepare for the upcoming selling season .  for more information regarding higher commissions  and booking online :  www . mailpound . com / bliss _ intro . htm  for more information about your personal web site :  www . mailpound . com / mpdirect  to register free at mailpound :  www . mailpound . com / registration /  sincerely ,  bob maier , president  smart travel technologies , inc .  rmaier @ smart 2000 . com  856 - 983 - 6100 ext . 101  12 east stow road , suite 210  marlton , new jersey 08053  if you do not want to receive these  messages  in the future , please reply to this message with remove in the subject  line .  http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork",1,selling travel today economy good morning since may awhile since visited us atwww mailpound comi wanted update happening launched mailpound almost two years ago focus saving time toner treesby providing alternative fororganizing huge number faxes suppliers sent travel agents week popular feature fam section followed weekly sweepstakes changed like many involved selling retail travel striving find ways succeed challenging environment additional commission cuts aftermath drop stock market cumulative effect us survive succeed know need work harder work smarter work together gotten tremendous amount support travel agents translated ability get support travel agents suppliers focus expanded providing resource searching supplier special offers providing suite tools services create sales raise commissions almost services supplier supported free travel agents actively seek beste commerce values helpyou market special offers clients host personal web sites travel agents mailpound content offerhigher commissions consolidation organize sales incentives suppliers provide new technology fast easyonline bookings provide clients ability book online mpdirect services offered month invite visit us soon www mailpound comor check links shown see free services offer travel agent community help succeed summer almost time prepare upcoming selling season information regarding higher commissions booking online www mailpound com bliss intro htm information personal web site www mailpound com mpdirect register free mailpound www mailpound com registration sincerely bob maier president smart travel technologies inc rmaier smart com ext east stow road suite marlton new jersey want receive messages future please reply message remove subject line http xent com mailman listinfo fork
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ail listed software is available for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few exampies :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe !  best regards ,  loni ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions qerman french spanish uk many others ail listed software available immediate download need wait week cd delivery exampies norton lnternet security pro windows xp professionai sp fuii version corel draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciuding macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianguaqe best regards loni
"Subject: please add our contact information to your database . what follows are a  couple of active searches , should you become aware of interested  individuals .  chief executive officer  location : san diego , ca  company : * * rates . com  compensation : targeted compensation in the > $ 200 k base range plus extensive  stock ownership and bonus .  description : the board of directors of * * rates . com is seeking a dynamic  and experienced executive for the position of ceo of this pre - ipo internet  company . the ceo would play a key role in the business strategy of a highly  entrepreneurial and fast - growing company and answer directly to the board of  directors . this individual must be smart , highly motivated team leader able  to offer strong business strategies , especially involving the rapid growth  of operations and resulting financial challenges . the ceo must be  expansion - capable and have experience with business start ups , growing  businesses and the ability to get the company to a public offering  the chief executive officer for this 1 - year start - up , b 2 b e - commerce , single  location company must be able to commercially launch the company in the  energy industry , and ultimately expanding into other market niches while  making this company a market leader in the internet rate comparison market .  * * rates . com is a california c corporation company with an industry leading  board of directors and advisory board . the company in the process of  assembling a management team , finalizing the business plan and taking the  rate comparison service to market . the initially targeted electric and  natural gas industries have over $ 200 billion in annual revenues . currently ,  the three largest internet rate comparison companies have little or no  market share in the energy industry .  possible candidates can come from a variety of experiences , but experience  in starting up an energy company or leading - edge technology company is  critical .  requirements : the candidate must have 8 - 15 years of executive management  experience ( i . e . , ceo , president , sr . vice - president , partner level  consultancy ) in the private sector either with a deregulated energy company ,  a large consulting or a services oriented firm . extensive background in  either the energy field , high technology , including telecommunications ,  systems software , e - commerce development or e - commerce . must have a strong  background in business development and building relationships with large  companies . strong visionary with proven leadership qualities and capable of  building a company . degree essential .  computer literate in word processing / budget formats / and e - mail necessary  group and people skills essential organizational and planning skills a must  over all must be a self - starter and a communicator must be willing to travel  in states as necessary .  position title : director of acquisitions department : corporate development  location : dc reports to : vice president , acquisitions  position summary :  the person holding this position serves as a transaction team leader for  large acquisition projects within the energy group , performing all  activities and managing all resources necessary to successfully acquire  operating power plants , or gas assets . working largely through  self - direction , he or she manages the project team for an assigned project  and establishes and adheres to budgets and schedules . due to high deal  flow , the energy group needs two directors of acquisitions , and has one open  position .  principal duties and responsibilities :  1 . manages the project team for an assigned project . successfully manages  the project through signing of an asset purchase agreement .  2 . manages development of and inputs to , project / proposal economic  projections . obtains sign - off on pro forma inputs from appropriate company  officers .  3 . identifies problems and solicits input from appropriate team members  and / or senior management on project issues . develops alternative solutions  and assesses the alternatives in the context of project and corporate  objectives . chooses and implements the best solutions .  4 . establishes project budgets and schedules and manages expenditures to  budgeted levels .  5 . plans and organizes tasks and short - term goals for the project team  members to ensure the project stays on schedule . coordinates activities of  team members ( including third parties ) from different disciplines to ensure  activities with overlapping disciplinary impacts are performed efficiently .  6 . represents the project and the company in discussions with interested  parties , at lender meetings , etc . , and develops appropriate relationships  with individuals involved .  7 . identifies key issues associated with an acquisition and its potential   & fatal flaws .  8  8 . assists in maintaining relations with investment banks and legal firms to  assure that company receives all appropriate  advanced degree in business or related field preferred .  2 . strong analytical skills , experience in building and managing pro formas .  3 . substantial record of successfully managing and participating in the  development or acquisition and financial closing of independent power  projects or merchant plants .  4 . excellent oral and written communication skills .  5 . ability to function in a team environment with multiple and changing  priorities , as either leader or team member .  interview with : chief financial officer  vice president , acquisitions  managing director , development  director , acquisitions  asian sales manager position .  selling turbomachinery controls throughout asia . the best location for this  position is in singapore . all  candidates for this position should have a proven track record selling  controls in the region .  the asian sales manager will be responsible for growing i & c systems product  line ( direct sales ) throughout asia . this will include sales of control  systems through engine and turbine packagers and rebuilders . company will  also pursue sales directly to end - users with the best candidates being the  oil & gas producers and power companies . the company will emphasize gas  turbine applications including compressor and generator drives . the company  is interested in developing alliances with large users such as ongc ,  petronos , and caltex , as well as pursuing the individual retrofits with  energy companies . retrofit opportunities will not be limited to this  company ' s machines . the company will retrofit any gas turbine . we will also  retrofit gas or diesel engines .  the company expects sales results and then growth plans for leveraging these  early successes . as they grow , additional sales personnel may be added and  they will report to the asian sales manager .  company hot buttons :  1 . familiar with asian oil & gas and power generation markets .  2 . strong technical understanding of control systems and turbomachinery  applications .  3 . well organized , self - managed individual .  4 . ability to manage and direct other sales people .  5 . ability to work with key customers , to understand their turbomachinery  requirements and communicate i & c solutions .  6 . ability to achieve early sales results and to develop sustained sales  growth .  7 . ability to develop long - term alliances with key customers , as well as ,  sales opportunities on individual control retrofit projects .  8 . strong understanding of sales & marketing principles with the ability to  implement these principles .  9 . ability to work well with people of various cultural backgrounds .  10 . the asian sales manager will be based in singapore and report to the  director of sales and marketing , located in houston , texas .  an undergraduate degree in electrical or mechanical engineering is required .  a graduate degree is business is also desirable .  regards ,  dave weir , sr . managing partner  ieg , inc .  215 - 957 - 9012 fax . 215 - 957 - 1753 or 215 - 957 - 6090  website : www . iegsearch . com  email : dgweir @ iegsearch . com or dgweir @ aol . com  dave weir , sr . managing partner  ieg , inc .  215 - 957 - 9012 fax . 215 - 957 - 1753 or 215 - 957 - 6090  website : www . iegsearch . com  email : dgweir @ iegsearch . com or dgweir @ aol . comdave weir , sr . managing partner  ieg , inc .  215 - 957 - 9012 fax . 215 - 957 - 1753 or 215 - 957 - 6090  website : www . iegsearch . com  email : dgweir @ iegsearch . com or dgweir @ aol . com",0,please add contact information database follows couple active searches become aware interested individuals chief executive officer location san diego ca company rates com compensation targeted compensation k base range plus extensive stock ownership bonus description board directors rates com seeking dynamic experienced executive position ceo pre ipo internet company ceo would play key role business strategy highly entrepreneurial fast growing company answer directly board directors individual must smart highly motivated team leader able offer strong business strategies especially involving rapid growth operations resulting financial challenges ceo must expansion capable experience business start ups growing businesses ability get company public offering chief executive officer year start b b e commerce single location company must able commercially launch company energy industry ultimately expanding market niches making company market leader internet rate comparison market rates com california c corporation company industry leading board directors advisory board company process assembling management team finalizing business plan taking rate comparison service market initially targeted electric natural gas industries billion annual revenues currently three largest internet rate comparison companies little market share energy industry possible candidates come variety experiences experience starting energy company leading edge technology company critical requirements candidate must years executive management experience e ceo president sr vice president partner level consultancy private sector either deregulated energy company large consulting services oriented firm extensive background either energy field high technology including telecommunications systems software e commerce development e commerce must strong background business development building relationships large companies strong visionary proven leadership qualities capable building company degree essential computer literate word processing budget formats e mail necessary group people skills essential organizational planning skills must must self starter communicator must willing travel states necessary position title director acquisitions department corporate development location dc reports vice president acquisitions position summary person holding position serves transaction team leader large acquisition projects within energy group performing activities managing resources necessary successfully acquire operating power plants gas assets working largely self direction manages project team assigned project establishes adheres budgets schedules due high deal flow energy group needs two directors acquisitions one open position principal duties responsibilities manages project team assigned project successfully manages project signing asset purchase agreement manages development inputs project proposal economic projections obtains sign pro forma inputs appropriate company officers identifies problems solicits input appropriate team members senior management project issues develops alternative solutions assesses alternatives context project corporate objectives chooses implements best solutions establishes project budgets schedules manages expenditures budgeted levels plans organizes tasks short term goals project team members ensure project stays schedule coordinates activities team members including third parties different disciplines ensure activities overlapping disciplinary impacts performed efficiently represents project company discussions interested parties lender meetings etc develops appropriate relationships individuals involved identifies key issues associated acquisition potential fatal flaws assists maintaining relations investment banks legal firms assure company receives appropriate advanced degree business related field preferred strong analytical skills experience building managing pro formas substantial record successfully managing participating development acquisition financial closing independent power projects merchant plants excellent oral written communication skills ability function team environment multiple changing priorities either leader team member interview chief financial officer vice president acquisitions managing director development director acquisitions asian sales manager position selling turbomachinery controls throughout asia best location position singapore candidates position proven track record selling controls region asian sales manager responsible growing c systems product line direct sales throughout asia include sales control systems engine turbine packagers rebuilders company also pursue sales directly end users best candidates oil gas producers power companies company emphasize gas turbine applications including compressor generator drives company interested developing alliances large users ongc petronos caltex well pursuing individual retrofits energy companies retrofit opportunities limited company machines company retrofit gas turbine also retrofit gas diesel engines company expects sales results growth plans leveraging early successes grow additional sales personnel may added report asian sales manager company hot buttons familiar asian oil gas power generation markets strong technical understanding control systems turbomachinery applications well organized self managed individual ability manage direct sales people ability work key customers understand turbomachinery requirements communicate c solutions ability achieve early sales results develop sustained sales growth ability develop long term alliances key customers well sales opportunities individual control retrofit projects strong understanding sales marketing principles ability implement principles ability work well people various cultural backgrounds asian sales manager based singapore report director sales marketing located houston texas undergraduate degree electrical mechanical engineering required graduate degree business also desirable regards dave weir sr managing partner ieg inc fax website www iegsearch com email dgweir iegsearch com dgweir aol com dave weir sr managing partner ieg inc fax website www iegsearch com email dgweir iegsearch com dgweir aol comdave weir sr managing partner ieg inc fax website www iegsearch com email dgweir iegsearch com dgweir aol com
"Subject: panel session at 2001 pes summer meeting  vince and vasant ,  i was asked by one of my advisors to be on a panel for the summer power  engineering society . i stated that i couldn ' t divulge any information on  modeling efforts at enron but could give a general overview and cover my  dissertation work . he stated that he understood and other companies had  expressed similar concerns .  i guess that i need your ok to attend this presentation and present .  thanks ,  lance  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 03 / 27 / 2001  10 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" martin l . baughman "" on 03 / 27 / 2001 08 : 59 : 35 am  to : shams . siddiqi @ lcra . org , harry . singh @ neg . pge . com ,  lance . cunningham @ enron . com , rosenberg @ hotmail . com , "" camporeale , robert ""  cc : baran @ eos . ncsu . edu , liu @ ee . washington . edu  subject : panel session at 2001 pes summer meeting  gentlemen :  thank you for agreeing to participate on the panel . to comply with the  quality control requirements of the society i must request from each of you  the following :  1 . name , affiliation , and title of presentation as you want it listed in  program .  2 . a 2 - 6 summary of the presentation . these summaries will appear in the  proceedings . many speakers simply provide a few powerpoint slides that  contain this information , or alternatively , a few paragraphs of text  summarizing the points they intend to make in their presentations .  please provide this information to me by april 2 .  here is the status of the panel so far .  title : power trading and asset management : tools of the trade  requested day and time : wed july 18 morning session  summary  a number of sophisticated anlytical tools are used in support power trading  and asset management activities . these include various time - series ,  stochastic , and physical models of quantities and prices , portfolio and  risk analysis tools , and other risk management tools . in this panel , the  analytical approaches are surveyed and discussed .  panelists :  lance cunningham / confirmed  manager , research  enron north america  micahel rosenberg / confirmed  txu  shams siddiqi / confirmed  lcra  harry singh / confirmed  director , market economics  pg & e national energy group  robert camporeale  coned energy  panel organizer and chair :  martin l . baughman  ece department  the university of texas at austin  remember , by april 2 .  marty  martin l . baughman  ece dept . ens 348  the university of texas at austin  austin , tx 78712  ph . ( 512 ) 471 - 5376  fax ( 512 ) 471 - 5532",0,panel session pes summer meeting vince vasant asked one advisors panel summer power engineering society stated divulge information modeling efforts enron could give general overview cover dissertation work stated understood companies expressed similar concerns guess need ok attend presentation present thanks lance forwarded lance cunningham na enron martin l baughman shams siddiqi lcra org harry singh neg pge com lance cunningham enron com rosenberg hotmail com camporeale robert cc baran eos ncsu edu liu ee washington edu subject panel session pes summer meeting gentlemen thank agreeing participate panel comply quality control requirements society must request following name affiliation title presentation want listed program summary presentation summaries appear proceedings many speakers simply provide powerpoint slides contain information alternatively paragraphs text summarizing points intend make presentations please provide information april status panel far title power trading asset management tools trade requested day time wed july morning session summary number sophisticated anlytical tools used support power trading asset management activities include various time series stochastic physical models quantities prices portfolio risk analysis tools risk management tools panel analytical approaches surveyed discussed panelists lance cunningham confirmed manager research enron north america micahel rosenberg confirmed txu shams siddiqi confirmed lcra harry singh confirmed director market economics pg e national energy group robert camporeale coned energy panel organizer chair martin l baughman ece department university texas austin remember april marty martin l baughman ece dept ens university texas austin austin tx ph fax
"Subject: summary of dabhol lenders ' presentation  vince / stinson ,  please find below a summary of the presenation given to lenders at the april 23 rd meeting in london .  the key points that emerge are :  phase ii will require commitments of about $ 700 mm to complete ( phase i + ii total $ 3 . 2 billion )  several commercial issues are getting severe in the current environment in india , could result in cost escalations  makes the case that mseb does not have the financial strength to absorb phase ii power  management to seek authority to serve preliminary termination notice ( ptn ) , triggering a 6 month cure period  a copy of the full presenation is available .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,summary dabhol lenders presentation vince stinson please find summary presenation given lenders april rd meeting london key points emerge phase ii require commitments mm complete phase ii total billion several commercial issues getting severe current environment india could result cost escalations makes case mseb financial strength absorb phase ii power management seek authority serve preliminary termination notice ptn triggering month cure period copy full presenation available regards sandeep
"Subject: re : march real options conference  >  this is a draft of what i was thinking of presenting . i was not planning to  go over any specific options or opas ( these are covered by confidentiality  clauses and i have to be careful from a competitive standpoint ) but to give  the audience a few of the "" real world "" applications and challenges . i  welcome any thoughts or comments .  gary  > - - - - - - - - - -  > from : peter tufano [ smtp : ptufano @ hbs . edu ]  > sent : friday , february 18 , 2000 4 : 56 pm  > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com ; gljackson 2 @ tva . gov  > subject : re : march real options conference  >  > dear vince and gary ,  >  > we are all speaking at the march real options session in ny . my work in  > real options in the energy field has come , to a large part , from my  > casewriting in your two organizations , so i feel that we should probably  > allocate more time toward your presentations and less to mine . while we  > have a two hour block among the three of us , i think we can freely  > re - arrange things to produce the best result . would you two like to  > schedule a brief conference call to coordinate our talks ? i am free  > virtually all of next wednesday 2 / 23 , perhaps we could talk at 10 am ( est )  > or 2 pm ( est ) ? i am happy to arrange the call , if you send me your phone  > numbers . thanks .  >  > peter tufano  >  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > prof . peter tufano  > harvard business school  > morgan hall 377  > soldiers field  > boston , massachusetts 02163  > phone : ( 617 ) 495 - 6855  > fax : ( 617 ) 496 - 6592  > email : ptufano @ hbs . edu  > http : / / www . people . hbs . edu / ptufano  >  - real options valuation in the new economy . ppt",0,march real options conference draft thinking presenting planning go specific options opas covered confidentiality clauses careful competitive standpoint give audience real world applications challenges welcome thoughts comments gary peter tufano smtp ptufano hbs edu sent friday february pm vkamins ect enron com gljackson tva gov subject march real options conference dear vince gary speaking march real options session ny work real options energy field come large part casewriting two organizations feel probably allocate time toward presentations less mine two hour block among three us think freely arrange things produce best result would two like schedule brief conference call coordinate talks free virtually next wednesday perhaps could talk est pm est happy arrange call send phone numbers thanks peter tufano prof peter tufano harvard business school morgan hall soldiers field boston massachusetts phone fax email ptufano hbs edu http www people hbs edu ptufano real options valuation new economy ppt
"Subject: re : new color printer  goodmorning lyn ,  please inform me on the status of the color printer for  the 19 th floor .  we need this printer a . s . a . p .  this printer should be placed where the black and white printer  is located on the same counter .  co . 0011  r . c . 100038  let me know !  merry christmas  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 99 06 : 23  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 14 / 99 09 : 21 am  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new color printer  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 09 : 17  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 14 / 99 08 : 13 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new color printer  yes ! right away , please  also let me know the e . t . a .  thanks , lyn  kevin moore",0,new color printer goodmorning lyn please inform status color printer th floor need printer p printer placed black white printer located counter co r c let know merry christmas kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore lyn malina hou ect ect cc subject new color printer forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject new color printer yes right away please also let know e thanks lyn kevin moore
"Subject: meeting  tracy ,  confirming the meeting tomorrow , thursday , 1 : 30 p . m .  vince kaminski",0,meeting tracy confirming meeting tomorrow thursday p vince kaminski
"Subject: re : mg integration support - daily update # 6  hi richard ,  lloyd fleming introduced me to the key personnel on the trading and risk side  at mg today ; i spent most of today discussing forward curves and option  volatilities with tim jones , russell plackett and jon barrett . i hope to be  able to get historical data from david thompson to facilitate forward curve  analysis for our var models . also discussed valuation issues ( e . g . option on  calendar spread that they need a model for ) . also was able to get a good  understanding of trading strategies and nuances of aluminum , copper and  nickel markets .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  richard sage  04 / 07 / 2000 02 : 37  to : stop : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , naomi  connell / lon / ect @ ect , stephen wood / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , andrea m kerch / lon / ect @ ect , janine  juggins / lon / ect @ ect , lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , tim davies / lon / ect @ ect , david  hardy / lon / ect @ ect , barry sangster / lon / ect @ ect , robert campbell / lon / ect @ ect ,  alex holland / lon / ect @ ect , michael heap / lon / ect @ ect , phil redman / lon / ect @ ect ,  fiona grant / lon / ect @ ect , toby knight / lon / ect @ ect , melissa laing / lon / ect @ ect ,  jeanie slone / lon / ect @ ect , beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect , mark  pickering / lon / ect @ ect , suzanne lane / lon / ect @ ect , stephen evans / lon / ect @ ect ,  niamh o ' regan / lon / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , fernley  dyson / lon / ect @ ect , eric gadd / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : mg integration support - daily update # 6  deal entry  the need for 3 data - entry clerks becomes clearer when we understand that  between 200 and 2000 manual deal tickets are written each day which then have  to be keyed in .  romulus  the trading assets of rudolf wolff in london and new york were bought after  close of play on friday .  included with the metals trading is a proprietary fx desk , and a softs desk ,  trading coffee , cocoa , and sugar .  the softs people are expected to arrive in enron house at the end of july .  eol  two metals trades have been executed on eol .",0,mg integration support daily update hi richard lloyd fleming introduced key personnel trading risk side mg today spent today discussing forward curves option volatilities tim jones russell plackett jon barrett hope able get historical data david thompson facilitate forward curve analysis var models also discussed valuation issues e g option calendar spread need model also able get good understanding trading strategies nuances aluminum copper nickel markets regards anjam x richard sage stop mike jordan lon ect ect andrew cornfield lon ect ect naomi connell lon ect ect stephen wood lon ect ect tim poullain patterson lon ect ect andrea kerch lon ect ect janine juggins lon ect ect lloyd fleming lon ect ect tim davies lon ect ect david hardy lon ect ect barry sangster lon ect ect robert campbell lon ect ect alex holland lon ect ect michael heap lon ect ect phil redman lon ect ect fiona grant lon ect ect toby knight lon ect ect melissa laing lon ect ect jeanie slone lon ect ect beth apollo lon ect ect mark pickering lon ect ect suzanne lane lon ect ect stephen evans lon ect ect niamh regan lon ect ect anjam ahmad lon ect ect fernley dyson lon ect ect eric gadd lon ect ect cc subject mg integration support daily update deal entry need data entry clerks becomes clearer understand manual deal tickets written day keyed romulus trading assets rudolf wolff london new york bought close play friday included metals trading proprietary fx desk softs desk trading coffee cocoa sugar softs people expected arrive enron house end july eol two metals trades executed eol
"Subject: telephone interview with the research group  good morning mr . catanese :  your resume was forwarded to the research group and they would like  to conduct a telephone interview with you at your convenience . we would  prefer the week of july 5 - 7 ( monday and tuesday , the 3 rd and 4 th are  holidays ) , if at all possible .  please let me know your availability and where you may be reached by  phone and i will coordinate the calendars .  the interviewers would be :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  p . v . krishnarao director  osman sezgen manager  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinate  enron corp . research group  713 / 853 - 5290",0,telephone interview research group good morning mr catanese resume forwarded research group would like conduct telephone interview convenience would prefer week july monday tuesday rd th holidays possible please let know availability may reached phone coordinate calendars interviewers would vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president p v krishnarao director osman sezgen manager look forward hearing sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinate enron corp research group
"Subject: non - disclosure agreement  p . o . box 2227  livermore , california 94550  april 4 , 2001  dr . vince j . kaminski  vice - president of research  enron corporation  p . o . box 1188  huston , texas 77251  vince ,  i have cleared my calendar , and i am looking forward to meeting with you  in houston on may 4 th .  transmitted herewith is the agreement that you requested .  thanks . have a great weekend .  larry thorne  attachments : non - disclosure agreement  - non - disclosure agreement . pdf",0,non disclosure agreement p box livermore california april dr vince j kaminski vice president research enron corporation p box huston texas vince cleared calendar looking forward meeting houston may th transmitted herewith agreement requested thanks great weekend larry thorne attachments non disclosure agreement non disclosure agreement pdf
"Subject: bro check out this awesome new product  wish you could be better ?  http : / / www . gretan . com / ss /  a cheerful mind is a vigorous mind .  war is god ' s way of teaching americans geography .  all human power is a compound of time and patience .  strive for excellence , not perfection .  if you ' re killed , you ' ve lost a very important part of your life .",1,bro check awesome new product wish could better http www gretan com ss cheerful mind vigorous mind war god way teaching americans geography human power compound time patience strive excellence perfection killed lost important part life
"Subject: customer profiling meeting - amendment  bob shults is scheduled to be in atlanta , ga on the 17 th of march and would  like to reschedule the "" customer profiling meeting "" , to friday , march 24 th at  1 : 30 p . m . , location to be announced . if you are unable to attend please let  me know .  lydia  3 - 9975",0,customer profiling meeting amendment bob shults scheduled atlanta ga th march would like reschedule customer profiling meeting friday march th p location announced unable attend please let know lydia
"Subject: re : ca for henwood  stinson -  we will get something to you tomorrow .  bruce  stinson gibner @ ect  01 / 04 / 2001 05 : 18 pm  to : bruce lundstrom / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep  subject : ca for henwood  bruce ,  evidently your assistant was unsuccessul in finding the ca ' s used in either  the of the previous henwood projects for japan and korea .  we are working on a project to model the economic viability of dabhol under  economic dispatch and are faced with a very tight deadline in february . can  you help us put together a confidentiality agreement for henwood energy  services , inc . who will be performing the model calculations ?  any help would be appreciated .  regards ,  stinson gibner  v . p . enron research  x 34748",0,ca henwood stinson get something tomorrow bruce stinson gibner ect pm bruce lundstrom enron development enron development cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect sandeep subject ca henwood bruce evidently assistant unsuccessul finding ca used either previous henwood projects japan korea working project model economic viability dabhol economic dispatch faced tight deadline february help us put together confidentiality agreement henwood energy services inc performing model calculations help would appreciated regards stinson gibner v p enron research x
"Subject: grades  pam ,  another term paper :  john ganguzza  neeraj hingorani  grant johnson  duane maue  rishad patel  eric van stone  palo yoshiuro  grade : a  please , confirm .  vince",0,grades pam another term paper john ganguzza neeraj hingorani grant johnson duane maue rishad patel eric van stone palo yoshiuro grade please confirm vince
"Subject: ideas  vince :  i may have neglected to send you the attached last week . enron is one of a  handful of institutions which could facilitate an entire transaction of the  kind described here . this is simply your old production payment concept  applied to corporate finance .  best ,  - pressrelease . pdf  - monetization . pdf",0,ideas vince may neglected send attached last week enron one handful institutions could facilitate entire transaction kind described simply old production payment concept applied corporate finance best pressrelease pdf monetization pdf
"Subject: you are now subscribed to the frbnyrmagl list  mon , 18 sep 2000 18 : 42 : 47  your subscription to the frbnyrmagl list ( federal reserve bank of ny  research publications ) has been accepted .  please save this message for future reference , especially if this is the  first time you are subscribing to an electronic mailing list . if you ever  need to leave the list , you will find the necessary instructions below .  perhaps more importantly , saving a copy of this message ( and of all  future subscription notices from other mailing lists ) in a special mail  folder will give you instant access to the list of mailing lists that you  are subscribed to . this may prove very useful the next time you go on  vacation and need to leave the lists temporarily so as not to fill up  your mailbox while you are away ! you should also save the "" welcome  messages "" from the list owners that you will occasionally receive after  subscribing to a new list .  to send a message to all the people currently subscribed to the list ,  just send mail to frbnyrmagl @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . this is called  "" sending mail to the list , "" because you send mail to a single address and  listserv makes copies for all the people who have subscribed . this  address ( frbnyrmagl @ peach . ease . lsoft . com ) is also called the "" list  address . "" you must never try to send any command to that address , as it  would be distributed to all the people who have subscribed . all commands  must be sent to the "" listserv address , "" listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . it  is very important to understand the difference between the two , but  fortunately it is not complicated . the listserv address is like a fax  number that connects you to a machine , whereas the list address is like a  normal voice line connecting you to a person . if you make a mistake and  dial the fax number when you wanted to talk to someone on the phone , you  will quickly realize that you used the wrong number and call again . no  harm will have been done . if on the other hand you accidentally make your  fax call someone ' s voice line , the person receiving the call will be  inconvenienced , especially if your fax then re - dials every 5 minutes . the  fact that most people will eventually connect the fax machine to the  voice line to allow the fax to go through and make the calls stop does  not mean that you should continue to send faxes to the voice number .  people would just get mad at you . it works pretty much the same way with  mailing lists , with the difference that you are calling hundreds or  thousands of people at the same time , and consequently you can expect a  lot of people to get upset if you consistently send commands to the list  address .  you may leave the list at any time by sending a "" signoff frbnyrmagl ""  command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . you can also tell listserv how  you want it to confirm the receipt of messages you send to the list . if  you do not trust the system , send a "" set frbnyrmagl repro "" command and  listserv will send you a copy of your own messages , so that you can see  that the message was distributed and did not get damaged on the way .  after a while you may find that this is getting annoying , especially if  your mail program does not tell you that the message is from you when it  informs you that new mail has arrived from frbnyrmagl . if you send a "" set  frbnyrmagl ack norepro "" command , listserv will mail you a short  acknowledgement instead , which will look different in your mailbox  directory . with most mail programs you will know immediately that this is  an acknowledgement you can read later . finally , you can turn off  acknowledgements completely with "" set frbnyrmagl noack norepro "" .  contributions sent to this list are automatically archived . you can get a  list of the available archive files by sending an "" index frbnyrmagl ""  command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . you can then order these files  with a "" get frbnyrmagl logxxxx "" command , or using listserv ' s database  search facilities . send an "" info database "" command for more information  on the latter .  important : this list is confidential . you should not publicly mention its  existence , or forward copies of information you have obtained from it to  third parties . please note that the "" give "" command is automatically  disabled for all archive files .  more information on listserv commands can be found in the listserv  reference card , which you can retrieve by sending an "" info refcard ""  command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com .",0,subscribed frbnyrmagl list mon sep subscription frbnyrmagl list federal reserve bank ny research publications accepted please save message future reference especially first time subscribing electronic mailing list ever need leave list find necessary instructions perhaps importantly saving copy message future subscription notices mailing lists special mail folder give instant access list mailing lists subscribed may prove useful next time go vacation need leave lists temporarily fill mailbox away also save welcome messages list owners occasionally receive subscribing new list send message people currently subscribed list send mail frbnyrmagl peach ease lsoft com called sending mail list send mail single address listserv makes copies people subscribed address frbnyrmagl peach ease lsoft com also called list address must never try send command address would distributed people subscribed commands must sent listserv address listserv peach ease lsoft com important understand difference two fortunately complicated listserv address like fax number connects machine whereas list address like normal voice line connecting person make mistake dial fax number wanted talk someone phone quickly realize used wrong number call harm done hand accidentally make fax call someone voice line person receiving call inconvenienced especially fax dials every minutes fact people eventually connect fax machine voice line allow fax go make calls stop mean continue send faxes voice number people would get mad works pretty much way mailing lists difference calling hundreds thousands people time consequently expect lot people get upset consistently send commands list address may leave list time sending signoff frbnyrmagl command listserv peach ease lsoft com also tell listserv want confirm receipt messages send list trust system send set frbnyrmagl repro command listserv send copy messages see message distributed get damaged way may find getting annoying especially mail program tell message informs new mail arrived frbnyrmagl send set frbnyrmagl ack norepro command listserv mail short acknowledgement instead look different mailbox directory mail programs know immediately acknowledgement read later finally turn acknowledgements completely set frbnyrmagl noack norepro contributions sent list automatically archived get list available archive files sending index frbnyrmagl command listserv peach ease lsoft com order files get frbnyrmagl logxxxx command using listserv database search facilities send info database command information latter important list confidential publicly mention existence forward copies information obtained third parties please note give command automatically disabled archive files information listserv commands found listserv reference card retrieve sending info refcard command listserv peach ease lsoft com
"Subject: in the heart of your business !  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only  several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among  competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right  now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see severai logo variants in three  business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of  changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your  business . flexible discounts : logo improvement , additional formats , bulk  orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right  now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,heart business corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes several seconds company remembered iost among competitors get logo business stationery website done right fast turnaround wiii see severai logo variants three business days satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes sure wiil meet needsand fit business flexible discounts logo improvement additional formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right interested
"Subject: telephone interview with ming sit  the telephone interview with ming sit has been scheduled for tuesday ,  may 23 rd at 12 : 30 pm houston time . it will be in ebl 9 c 2 .  krishna will find out if he will call you or if you should call him at work .  thanks  shirley",0,telephone interview ming sit telephone interview ming sit scheduled tuesday may rd pm houston time ebl c krishna find call call work thanks shirley
"Subject: japan candidate  vince ,  i spoke with whalley at the sa offsite and he mentioned that had ( or knew of )  a person that could bring some talent to the evaluation of an enron merchant  business in japan . i am in sydney today , but will be in tokyo next week . i  would like to speak more about this . what time might you be available ? my  japan mobile number is 81 90 4073 6761 .  regards ,  joe",0,japan candidate vince spoke whalley sa offsite mentioned knew person could bring talent evaluation enron merchant business japan sydney today tokyo next week would like speak time might available japan mobile number regards joe
Subject: the delivery of the equipment you ordered is scheduled .  - - - automatic notification system ( request # : ecth - 4 rstt 6 )  requested for : vince j kaminski  requested by : shirley crenshaw  your order ( see below ) has been assigned to felix buitron . technician will  contact you for information and delivery time . please contact the technician  if you have any question .  en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop  en 6600 desktop p 3 - 600 10 gb 64 mb 32 x nt 4 . 0  en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop,0,delivery equipment ordered scheduled automatic notification system request ecth rstt requested vince j kaminski requested shirley crenshaw order see assigned felix buitron technician contact information delivery time please contact technician question en mb installed desktop en desktop p gb mb x nt en mb installed desktop
"Subject: re : d - g energy  please let me know when you send it to legal , so i can track the progress .  thanks ,  - - stinson  from : laine borgman @ enron on 11 / 20 / 2000 03 : 23 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : d - g energy  stinson , attached is the final version of the sofware license agreement .  prior to any signatures being placed on the document by enron , i need to send  the document to our legal counsel for his sign - off by initialing .  laine",0,g energy please let know send legal track progress thanks stinson laine borgman enron pm stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject g energy stinson attached final version sofware license agreement prior signatures placed document enron need send document legal counsel sign initialing laine
"Subject: reply a . s . a . p  united trust bank limited  80 haymarket , london  swly 4 te  i am mr . alexander george , the account officer of mr . morris  thompson who died in the plane crash of alaska airlines  flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 along with his  wife and only daughter ( who happens to be his next of kin ) .  he has an account with us . you should read more about the  crash on visiting this site ( s ) .  since we got information about his death , we have been  expecting his next of kin or relatives to come over and  claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody  applies for it as next of kin or as a relative to the  deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines .  i was contacted by the executor of his will to find somebody  that can stand in as his next of kin , so that the funds  would not be trapped in our bank . all legal paper work will  be taken care of by him ( the executor )  if you are favorably disposed to joing us in doing this ,  please respond as soon as possible . in the event you are not  interested , i sincerely ask that you disregard this email  and tell no one about it . i am very careful on truncating my  banking career should you mention this to someoneelse . i  hope you can be trusted in this regard .  regards ,  alexander george",1,reply p united trust bank limited haymarket london swly te mr alexander george account officer mr morris thompson died plane crash alaska airlines flight crashed january along wife daughter happens next kin account us read crash visiting site since got information death expecting next kin relatives come claim money release unless somebody applies next kin relative deceased indicated banking guidelines contacted executor find somebody stand next kin funds would trapped bank legal paper work taken care executor favorably disposed joing us please respond soon possible event interested sincerely ask disregard email tell one careful truncating banking career mention someoneelse hope trusted regard regards alexander george
"Subject: nymex invitation - learn power trading  power trading  fundamentals :  sept 15 - 16 nymex in nyc  early bird discount now in effect !  nymex  power  delegates will learn :  electricity  markets overview  simulated  trading exercise  market  factors  basic  trading tools  new  york mercantile exchange  financial  instruments options  real  options  role  of risk management  identifying  different types of risk  position  analysis  portfolio  management  click  here to request complete course syllabus  contractual  terms , operational terms  terminology  trading  motivations of different physical electricity market participants .  buy  low - sell high  varied  traded assets  types  of electricity transactions  long - term ,  medium  and short - term contracts  transmission  services and traded power  this two - day course provides participants with  comprehensive training on power trading , deal structuring , credit risk ,  volatility , risk management , bilateral opportunities and more .  emi experts instruct using current data ,  real life examples , and practical experience !  contact  emi ( 888 ) 871 - 1207  click  here to request more information including syllabus  hurry class sizes  are limited !  click  here to see other energy training opportunities  registration  visit us online  www . energyinstitution . org  1369 madison ave , new york , ny 10128  to unsubscribe to future notices please email unsubscribe @ energyinstitution . org ",1,nymex invitation learn power trading power trading fundamentals sept nymex nyc early bird discount effect nymex power delegates learn electricity markets overview simulated trading exercise market factors basic trading tools new york mercantile exchange financial instruments options real options role risk management identifying different types risk position analysis portfolio management click request complete course syllabus contractual terms operational terms terminology trading motivations different physical electricity market participants buy low sell high varied traded assets types electricity transactions long term medium short term contracts transmission services traded power two day course provides participants comprehensive training power trading deal structuring credit risk volatility risk management bilateral opportunities emi experts instruct using current data real life examples practical experience contact emi click request information including syllabus hurry class sizes limited click see energy training opportunities registration visit us online www energyinstitution org madison ave new york ny unsubscribe future notices please email unsubscribe energyinstitution org
"Subject: re : argentina power & gas market modelling  team ,  for me it  % s ok . let us know the confimed date early , so we can arrange our  classes .  thanks  diego  julian poole  03 / 17 / 2000 10 : 35 am  to : michael guerriero / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff  kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo  freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego  hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo  andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar  benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago  subject : re : argentina power & gas market modelling  all ,  let ' s arrange a conference call next week to discuss the process .  how does tuesday afternoon fit everyone ' s schedule ?  julian  enron international  from : michael guerriero 03 / 17 / 2000 03 : 49 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff  kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , julian  poole / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo  freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego  hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo  andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar  benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago  cc :  subject : argentina power & gas market modelling  i would like to initiate a team to address the continued improvement of the  argentine power & gas market models . i spoke with vince this morning and we  reviewed that history of work to date and what we will need to do from here .  a summary is as follows :  team :  ba members : julian poole lead  mario benitez associate  ba associates : diego hollweck associate  bernardo andrews associate  santiago porta associate  houston members : to be named .  time schedule : as soon as possible . completed before june 1 , 2000 winter in  argentina .  scope of work :  power model : advance the current model from basic load forecasting to  incorporate weather , hydrology , improved short term and long term forecasting .  natural gas model : build a supply and demand load forecasting model  incorporating weather , thermal demand , pipeline flow rates , well head  supply , improved short term and long term forecasting .  phase i - data request  power  historic weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average  humidity  precipitation  cloud cover  regionally  forward weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average  humidity  precipitation  cloud cover  regionally  historic hydrology : reservoir levels  reservoir capacity  current hydrology : reservoir levels  remote monitoring : aireal , pressure device , laser  snow pack : density volume and mass  power supply : current and future capacity  transmission  capacity : current and future capacity  natural gas data list to be developed  phase ii - power model development  phase iii - natural gas model development  we will take advantage of the fact that the associates are in houston for the  next two weeks . vince is out next week but we can start with a process  discussion with grant masson next week . julian please get a meeting scheduled  as soon as possible . we should immediately start collecting data .  thanks  mfg",0,argentina power gas market modelling team ok let us know confimed date early arrange classes thanks diego julian poole michael guerriero enron development enron development cc vince j kaminski ect grant masson ect jeff kabel enron development enron development rodolfo freyre enron development enron development diego hollweck enron development enron development bernardo andrews enron development enron development mario aguilar benitez enron development enron development santiago subject argentina power gas market modelling let arrange conference call next week discuss process tuesday afternoon fit everyone schedule julian enron international michael guerriero pm vince j kaminski ect grant masson ect jeff kabel enron development enron development julian poole enron development enron development rodolfo freyre enron development enron development diego hollweck enron development enron development bernardo andrews enron development enron development mario aguilar benitez enron development enron development santiago cc subject argentina power gas market modelling would like initiate team address continued improvement argentine power gas market models spoke vince morning reviewed history work date need summary follows team ba members julian poole lead mario benitez associate ba associates diego hollweck associate bernardo andrews associate santiago porta associate houston members named time schedule soon possible completed june winter argentina scope work power model advance current model basic load forecasting incorporate weather hydrology improved short term long term forecasting natural gas model build supply demand load forecasting model incorporating weather thermal demand pipeline flow rates well head supply improved short term long term forecasting phase data request power historic weather temperature daily hourly min max average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally forward weather temperature daily hourly min max average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally historic hydrology reservoir levels reservoir capacity current hydrology reservoir levels remote monitoring aireal pressure device laser snow pack density volume mass power supply current future capacity transmission capacity current future capacity natural gas data list developed phase ii power model development phase iii natural gas model development take advantage fact associates houston next two weeks vince next week start process discussion grant masson next week julian please get meeting scheduled soon possible immediately start collecting data thanks mfg
"Subject: re : trading algorithms  andy ,  sounds good . one comment : vasant is swamped with work coordinating  several high profile projects .  bob is very productive and thorough and will get a lot of support  internally from other members of the group : this contribution  may not be directly visible but it will be still very important .  we appreciate your hands - on involvement . it ' s always the most  important condition of a successful project to have direct and frequent  interaction  with the customer . look fwd to working on this project .  vince  from : andy zipper / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 18 / 2001 01 : 57 pm  to : jay webb / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : trading algorithms  guys ,  here is what i took away from our meeting :  1 ) . research will continue working on custom reporting off of enrononline  data .  2 ) . research will continue working on market analysis off of enrononline data  3 ) . research will a contribute a resource to the trading algorithm effort ,  presumably one at this point in time . i would prefer it to be vasant but i am  flexible . the trading algorithm group will be run by the enrononline team with  its product reviewed by research . it is my belief that projects like this  require a firm commercial hand in their infancy to make sure they stay on the  right track .  if this presents a problem for anyone please let me know so that we can  discuss .  thanks ,  andy",0,trading algorithms andy sounds good one comment vasant swamped work coordinating several high profile projects bob productive thorough get lot support internally members group contribution may directly visible still important appreciate hands involvement always important condition successful project direct frequent interaction customer look fwd working project vince andy zipper enron enronxgate pm jay webb enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject trading algorithms guys took away meeting research continue working custom reporting enrononline data research continue working market analysis enrononline data research contribute resource trading algorithm effort presumably one point time would prefer vasant flexible trading algorithm group run enrononline team product reviewed research belief projects like require firm commercial hand infancy make sure stay right track presents problem anyone please let know discuss thanks andy
"Subject: final project deadline is april 30  dear energy derivatives students ,  the deadline for the final project has been set for april 30 , 2001 .  all grades will be submitted to rice administration by may 4 th ( university  requirement ) .  please mark your calendars ! ! !  if you have questions , please contact vince or me .  good luck !  jason sokolov",0,final project deadline april dear energy derivatives students deadline final project set april grades submitted rice administration may th university requirement please mark calendars questions please contact vince good luck jason sokolov
"Subject: sevil yamin  vince ,  do you want me to do this , or vasant ?  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001  02 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 06 / 2001 09 : 57 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : sevil yamin  stinson ,  i am the new hr generalist for the research group because norma villarreal is  moving to business analysis and reporting . earlier this week , norma and i  met with vince , and he said that he was going to talk to you about writing up  a list of sevil ' s projects / accomplishments for last year and this year , so  that we can give her a project bonus since she did not receive a bonus during  the normal prc time . at your earliest convenience , will you please email me  this list so that i can get started putting together all of the paperwork so  that she can receive a check on april 16 th .  if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 5 - 7809 . i look  forward to meeting you , and the rest of the group next week at vince ' s staff  meeting .  thanks ,  anne labbe '",0,sevil yamin vince want vasant stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm anne labbe enron enronxgate stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject sevil yamin stinson new hr generalist research group norma villarreal moving business analysis reporting earlier week norma met vince said going talk writing list sevil projects accomplishments last year year give project bonus since receive bonus normal prc time earliest convenience please email list get started putting together paperwork receive check april th questions please feel free contact look forward meeting rest group next week vince staff meeting thanks anne labbe
"Subject: statistician position open  feel free to circulate this to get a statistician for us .  thanks ,  krishna",0,statistician position open feel free circulate get statistician us thanks krishna
"Subject: rw : howard confirmation for vince  hi vince - please examine . i think it ' s going to happen and you have  confirmation below - need sleep it ' s 3 : 30 pst - i ' ll need 7 hours sleep and  then i ' ll be up . . . add 2 more for time difference and i ' ll be available for  you , at your service ( your time around ( 1 : 30 afternoon ) .  i called rachel @ enron london - she said it is set up too . i am confident .  thank you for the opportunity .  jeff wesley 949 813 2241  hi howard ,  > please find following confirmation as promised .  >  >  > date of interview : tuesday 30 january 2001  >  > time of interview : 2 . 30 pm  >  > interviewers : 2 . 30 pm nigel price - credittrading  > 3 . 00 pm ben parsons - research & trading  > controls - senior specialist  > 3 . 30 pm vasant shanbhogue research  > group houston  >  >  > address : 40 grosvenor place  > london  > swlx 7 en  >  > switchboard : 020 7783 - 0000  >  > closest tube / train station : victoria  >  >  > location map attached  > ( see attached file : location map . pdf )  >  > manager  > robert walters  > manager  > risk & quantitative analysis  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *",0,rw howard confirmation vince hi vince please examine think going happen confirmation need sleep pst need hours sleep add time difference available service time around afternoon called rachel enron london said set confident thank opportunity jeff wesley hi howard please find following confirmation promised date interview tuesday january time interview pm interviewers pm nigel price credittrading pm ben parsons research trading controls senior specialist pm vasant shanbhogue research group houston address grosvenor place london swlx en switchboard closest tube train station victoria location map attached see attached file location map pdf manager robert walters manager risk quantitative analysis get free secure online email http www ziplip com
"Subject: term papers  team ,  can you resend your text document to vince asap .  we could open your spreadsheet ok , but not the document .  vince ' s contact information is on the attached email below .  thanks  jason  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 05 : 32  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  05 / 04 / 2001 05 : 29 pm  to : monfan @ rice . edu  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com , jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : term papers  felix ,  please , resend me the term papers of your group , each as a separate file .  please send it to my aol address as well as work address .  my aol address is vkaminski @ aol . com  my home phone number is 281 367 5377 .  vince",0,term papers team resend text document vince asap could open spreadsheet ok document vince contact information attached email thanks jason forwarded jason sokolov hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm monfan rice edu cc vkaminski aol com jason sokolov hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject term papers felix please resend term papers group separate file please send aol address well work address aol address vkaminski aol com home phone number vince
"Subject: announcing tff 2000  happy new year ! just a note to announce the dates for this years texas  finance festival . this year we are meeting earlier in april , in san  antonio , and start the program on friday . please put the date on you  calendar and send in your registration forms asap as space at the  conference is limited . i also encourage you to register with the hotel  immediately as we were able to reserve only a limited number of rooms at  the reduced conference rate .  hope to see you all there ! more fun in texas .  john  - announcerev . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,announcing tff happy new year note announce dates years texas finance festival year meeting earlier april san antonio start program friday please put date calendar send registration forms asap space conference limited also encourage register hotel immediately able reserve limited number rooms reduced conference rate hope see fun texas john announcerev doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: conference call on friday , march 17 th  hello nick :  i agree e - mail is much easier .  there is a two - hour time difference between calif and texas , i . e . , 1 : 00 pm  texas time - 11 : 00 am calif time .  would tomorrow at 11 : 00 am calif time be ok with you ( 1 : 00 pm texas ) ?  this time is fine for vince , tom gros and stinson gibner .  can they call you and if so , what number ?  please let me know .  thanks !  shirley  713 - 853 - 5290  nick bambos on 03 / 16 / 2000 12 : 28 : 58 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu  subject : re : visit to enron  shirley ,  it ' s easier to communcate by e - mail , since i am moving from  meeting to meeting ( but i have the laptop always with me ) .  please give me a phone number that i could call tomorrow .  what is the time difference between california and your  location ? i think it ' s 2 hours ( ca - > tx ) - is that right ?  i can do the conference call any time from 9 - 11 ca time .  would that be ok on your side ?  thanks ,  nick  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > we can close the loop on our commitment to support the research projects  > before your visit to enron .  >  > my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you to set up a conference call  > with me , stinson gibner ,  > and tom gros from enron broadband services to discuss all the isssues .  > friday this week would work for  > both tom and me . i think we need about 15 minutes .  >  > vince  >  > p . s . shirley , nick ' s phone number is 650 796 8163 ( cell ) , 650 - 725 - 5525  > ( office ) .  >  > nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu  > cc :  > subject : visit to enron  >  > hello vince ,  >  > it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch  > we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the  > technical level and otherwise .  >  > i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for  > a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was  > clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule -  > mine is rather terrible :  >  > friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter  > sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron  > to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to  > visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in  > japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays .  >  > friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably  > is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within  > a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this  > research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be  > important for the student support funds to be in place then , so  > that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top  > talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have  > approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing "" soft  > commitments to star - level students "" to get this research and its  > potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought  > after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this  > competition .  >  > does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the  > project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the  > end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can  > happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may .  > i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets  > going . please let me know what you think .  >  > best regards ,  >  > nick",0,conference call friday march th hello nick agree e mail much easier two hour time difference calif texas e pm texas time calif time would tomorrow calif time ok pm texas time fine vince tom gros stinson gibner call number please let know thanks shirley nick bambos pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc bambos stanford stanford edu subject visit enron shirley easier communcate e mail since moving meeting meeting laptop always please give phone number could call tomorrow time difference california location think hours ca tx right conference call time ca time would ok side thanks nick vince j kaminski enron com wrote nick close loop commitment support research projects visit enron assistant shirley crenshaw call set conference call stinson gibner tom gros enron broadband services discuss isssues friday week would work tom think need minutes vince p shirley nick phone number cell office nick bambos pm vince j kaminski enron com bambos stanford stanford edu cc subject visit enron hello vince nice seeing stanford many thanks lunch together really enjoyed discussions technical level otherwise promised send e mail regarding possible dates visit enron delayed week till schedule clearer let see get match schedule mine rather terrible friday st april looks good april rd easter sunday may make difficult people enron around let know case willing visit week scheduled japan previous weeks committed fridays friday th may next possibility probably far main problem operating within window opportunity attracting top students research window closes end april would important student support funds place make hard commitments students attract top talent already reviewing files students approached phd advising mode soft commitments star level students get research potential radar screen top students highly sought advisors want early player competition visit enron happen set project student support stanford end april important getting top people visit happen get ball rolling schedule may assume multiple visits ways project gets going please let know think best regards nick
"Subject: cialis offers you the freedom of choosing the right moment .  get the medication you need delivered to your door in 24 hours .  while we stop to think , we often miss our opportunity .  a husband is always a sensible man ; he never thinks of marrying .  it is a bad plan that admits of no modification .",1,cialis offers freedom choosing right moment get medication need delivered door hours stop think often miss opportunity husband always sensible man never thinks marrying bad plan admits modification
"Subject: inflation model review - final version  this morning a draft of rac ' s inflation model review was discussed with anjam .  all points as presented in the draft were agreed upon .  also , four new points were amended as suggested by anjam :  the rpi short - term model could be improved by a combination of the  information available from the gilts and rpi swaps market .  add : "" this is an issue across all enron ' s econometric models . "" to section  pllu and dzcv short - term , first point .  to implement some of the suggestions requires additional statistical and  programming resources .  additionnal human resources with advanced econometric modelling skills are  required given the current workload of the european research team .  please find the final version attached .  please note that the short term solution has been to freeze the curve .  the medium to long term solution involves futher research towards a sounder  and more efficient model .  given the current workload of the european research group , it is necessary to  hire a new member of staff with strong economics and econometrics background  to address this issue properly .  rac will communicate to the financial trading group and risk management the  actions to take as the curve will be frozen .  thanks ,  rodrigo",0,inflation model review final version morning draft rac inflation model review discussed anjam points presented draft agreed upon also four new points amended suggested anjam rpi short term model could improved combination information available gilts rpi swaps market add issue across enron econometric models section pllu dzcv short term first point implement suggestions requires additional statistical programming resources additionnal human resources advanced econometric modelling skills required given current workload european research team please find final version attached please note short term solution freeze curve medium long term solution involves futher research towards sounder efficient model given current workload european research group necessary hire new member staff strong economics econometrics background address issue properly rac communicate financial trading group risk management actions take curve frozen thanks rodrigo
"Subject: hardcore sex & orgies ! ! !  hot girls fucking hard ! ! !  click here to see  click here to see  click here to see  * over 150 , 000 xxx pictures  * 125 , 000 + sex videos  * 100 ' s of livecams & shows  * erotic stories & adult chat rooms  * new content added every  day !  click here to enter  click here to see  click here to see  click here to see  this newsletter is not unsolicited . the email address has been subscribed to our mailing list . if you would like to stop receiving this newsletter , just click here to unsubscribe and we ' ll block your email address immediately . ",1,hardcore sex orgies hot girls fucking hard click see click see click see xxx pictures sex videos livecams shows erotic stories adult chat rooms new content added every day click enter click see click see click see newsletter unsolicited email address subscribed mailing list would like stop receiving newsletter click unsubscribe block email address immediately
"Subject: now , it ' s finally possible for you to enlarge your penis  no more penis enlarge ripoffs !  http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss /  people everywhere confuse what they read in newspapers with news .  he who can , does . he who cannot teaches .  absence of proof is not proof of absence .  do not count your chickens before they are hatched .  who will bell the cat ?",1,finally possible enlarge penis penis enlarge ripoffs http www okmpoi com ss people everywhere confuse read newspapers news teaches absence proof proof absence count chickens hatched bell cat
"Subject: re : energy derivatives  hi vince ,  thanks for your call today - i look forward t speaking to you tomorrow .  i ' ll be working at home in the mornng ( my time ) - trying to finish up my  chapters ! - my number is 61 2 9460 3079 .  best regards .  chris .",0,energy derivatives hi vince thanks call today look forward speaking tomorrow working home mornng time trying finish chapters number best regards chris
"Subject: re : mobile scanner 5 inl system for corporate usage ( a range of portable scanners )  dear sir ,  we are pleased to announce the launch of new , unique and patented mobile  5 inl system from our most wellknown corporate portable products e - shopping  website for india .  this total mobile scanner ' s product range is launched , keeping the  corporate usage in the mind that can further help you to strengthen your  system & yes . . . . neeedless to mention it will be equally efficient too .  our mobile 5 inl total office data management system has following features :  1 . lightest in weight : just 340 gms  2 . smallest in size : just 10 cms in length and 3 cms in width  3 . fastest in speed : 3 pages per minute and 9 biz cards per minute  4 . highest in resolution : 1200 * 600 dpi  5 . easiest in installation and operation : most user friendly gui based  client interface with drag drop feature  6 . widest in application : bundled with world no . 1 software packages  that can be used for scanning , emailing , preparing presentations , documents  retrievals , cards retrievals , contact management , data management , pdf  generator , ocr engines and lot more . . .  6 . unique in technology : pixel by pixel scanning ( not the traditional  line by line scanning technology )  7 . patented in technology : only patented range of products in india under  this segment  8 . most appreciated by business magazines world wide  9 . has sound track record of satisfied clients worldwide  10 . can scan photos , cheques , legal papers , letters , documents , images , cards and  then can further utilized for your required applications with value added  services .  11 . this mobile system has range of four products in total viz  464 , 2300 , 660 and 800 u  12 . range starts from rs . 6 , 500 to rs . 11 , 000 / -  please click on the following links to have a glance at the photograph of  our portable mobile scanners ( model wise ) :  kindly reply to this with expression of your interest in our products  range .  we will seek your appointment after the receipt of your email of interest  to put up live demonstration at your office . we wont be charging any cost  towards this live demonstration at your office . we are also looking for  dealers across the country ( india ) .  with warm regards  s / d  ms . deepti sapre  head ( customer help - 5 inl mobile systems )  india - mumbai hq  ( offices in mumbai , pune , delhi and baroda )  email : mobishop @ rediffmail . com  cell phones : + 919820640281 | + 919820501457",1,mobile scanner inl system corporate usage range portable scanners dear sir pleased announce launch new unique patented mobile inl system wellknown corporate portable products e shopping website india total mobile scanner product range launched keeping corporate usage mind help strengthen system yes neeedless mention equally efficient mobile inl total office data management system following features lightest weight gms smallest size cms length cms width fastest speed pages per minute biz cards per minute highest resolution dpi easiest installation operation user friendly gui based client interface drag drop feature widest application bundled world software packages used scanning emailing preparing presentations documents retrievals cards retrievals contact management data management pdf generator ocr engines lot unique technology pixel pixel scanning traditional line line scanning technology patented technology patented range products india segment appreciated business magazines world wide sound track record satisfied clients worldwide scan photos cheques legal papers letters documents images cards utilized required applications value added services mobile system range four products total viz u range starts rs rs please click following links glance photograph portable mobile scanners model wise kindly reply expression interest products range seek appointment receipt email interest put live demonstration office wont charging cost towards live demonstration office also looking dealers across country india warm regards ms deepti sapre head customer help inl mobile systems india mumbai hq offices mumbai pune delhi baroda email mobishop rediffmail com cell phones
"Subject: free insbuyer . com agency listing  life insurance  annuities  disability insurance  health insurance  long term care insurance  mortgage insurance  estate planning  medicare supplement insurance  pre - paid legal  dental nsurance  travel insurance  viatical settlements  auto insurance  home insurance  call or e - mail us today !  or  please fill out the form below for a free listing  name :  company :  address :  city :  state :  zip :  phone :  e - mail :  website :  we don ' t want anyone  to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication  sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,  do not reply to this message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,free insbuyer com agency listing life insurance annuities disability insurance health insurance long term care insurance mortgage insurance estate planning medicare supplement insurance pre paid legal dental nsurance travel insurance viatical settlements auto insurance home insurance call e mail us today please fill form free listing name company address city state zip phone e mail website want anyone receive mailings wish professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: research prc next steps  the pep system is no longer available to accept feedback from reviewers . if  necessary , you can still call the employee ' s reviewers who have not submitted  feedback via the pep system . verbal feedback can be included as part of the  consolidated review .  the following is a list of action items for next steps for supervisors :  action item deadline  print consolidated feedback wednesday , nov 22  thanksgiving holidays thursday - friday november 23 - 24  review / approve employees peer group and supervisor ( hr will provide report  by 11 / 21 ) tuesday , november 28  pre - rank employees based on consolidated feedback tuesday , november 28  send pre - rankings to norma via encrypted e : mail wednesday , november 29  vince will review pre - rankings monday , december 4 , 2000  ena research prc meeting friday , december 8  written / verbal review provided to employee december 20 - january 20  signed review form due to hr january 27 , 2000  forward to appropriate parties , with sensitivity of the confidentiality of  this information . if you have questions regarding the prc process please  feel free to call me .  norma villarreal  x 31545",0,research prc next steps pep system longer available accept feedback reviewers necessary still call employee reviewers submitted feedback via pep system verbal feedback included part consolidated review following list action items next steps supervisors action item deadline print consolidated feedback wednesday nov thanksgiving holidays thursday friday november review approve employees peer group supervisor hr provide report tuesday november pre rank employees based consolidated feedback tuesday november send pre rankings norma via encrypted e mail wednesday november vince review pre rankings monday december ena research prc meeting friday december written verbal review provided employee december january signed review form due hr january forward appropriate parties sensitivity confidentiality information questions regarding prc process please feel free call norma villarreal x
"Subject: viagra - proven step to start something all over again .  looking for a specific medication ? let us know what you need !  there is an applause superior to that of the multitudes : one ' s own .  winning isn ' t everything , it is the only thing .  war is the continuation of politics by other means .  we are most alive when we ' re in love .",1,viagra proven step start something looking specific medication let us know need applause superior multitudes one winning everything thing war continuation politics means alive love
"Subject: re : corn subsidy govt program analysis  vasant ,  thanks . let ' s contact wharton next week .  vince  from : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 25 / 2001 10 : 15 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron  subject : corn subsidy govt program analysis  hi vince ,  nelson and i had a meeting yesterday with the ag desk folks on how to go  forward on the analysis and presentation for this program . the consensus  from the ag side was that the choice of university will be highly politically  driven , ie preferably the university should be from a state that has close  ties to sympathetic senators or other political figures . also it is  preferable if the university faculty have worked on ag issues before , lending  more credibility in the ag community . the names that came up were  mississippi state and texas a & m . nelson knows of a person at mississippi  state who worked with the usda on risk management issues .  the needed analysis itself is not necessarily very deep , and the focus is  primarily to get a non - quantitative presentation out that outlines how enron  can take on the downside risk of local crop prices ( enron probably needs to  cover actual local prices and not simply an index because i do not think the  govt will want to worry about basis risk ) .  the pilot program itself will be very small , and lends itself to continuing  down the path of short term trading rather than long term origination .  another thought on hedging our potential short positon ( on the origination  side ) is that the govt program can only provide a partial hedge to the extent  of the premium received - - we still have unlimited downside from the short .  vasant  p . s . i am writing up jim bouillion ' s project suggestion as a potential  project for wharton . of course , we may still ask wharton for their insights  on the corn price protection approach .",0,corn subsidy govt program analysis vasant thanks let contact wharton next week vince vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc nelson neale na enron enron subject corn subsidy govt program analysis hi vince nelson meeting yesterday ag desk folks go forward analysis presentation program consensus ag side choice university highly politically driven ie preferably university state close ties sympathetic senators political figures also preferable university faculty worked ag issues lending credibility ag community names came mississippi state texas nelson knows person mississippi state worked usda risk management issues needed analysis necessarily deep focus primarily get non quantitative presentation outlines enron take downside risk local crop prices enron probably needs cover actual local prices simply index think govt want worry basis risk pilot program small lends continuing path short term trading rather long term origination another thought hedging potential short positon origination side govt program provide partial hedge extent premium received still unlimited downside short vasant p writing jim bouillion project suggestion potential project wharton course may still ask wharton insights corn price protection approach
"Subject: alliance info alert  dear generation / power marketing executive :  this alliance info alert includes three items of interest :  1 ) the weekly alliance express newsletter  2 ) listing of recent filings at ferc  3 ) timeline for ferc action on california markets ( attached )  alliance of energy suppliers express   december 19 , 2000  inside washington   federal affairs  * * * ferc de - federalizes california markets , adopts other structural reforms * * *  at a special meeting friday afternoon , ferc unanimously approved its eagerly  awaited final order reforming the california wholesale markets , adopting the  major outlines of its november 1 proposed order and sending back to  california the responsibility for addressing state - related matters . at the  same time , ferc deferred consideration of retroactive refund issues as well  as the imposition of region - wide price caps . ferc reiterated their earlier  conclusions that under certain circumstances , california ratepayers were  subjected to unjust and unreasonable power rates due to california ' s  "" seriously flawed "" market structure and rules in conjunction with tight  demand and supply conditions throughout the west .  ferc adopted the november proposal to eliminate , effective immediately , the  state ' s mandatory requirement that the state ' s investor - owned utilities buy  and sell electricity through the px , and allow these utilities to purchase  electricity through forward contracts and other alternative mechanisms to  manage supply risks . ferc terminated the px ' s rate schedules effective at  the close of business on april 30 , 2001 . in effect , as chairman james  hoecker stated , the order de - federalizes 60 percent of the california  wholesale market established under the state ' s restructuring law , returning  ratemaking authority over company - owned generation to the california public  utilities commission ( cpuc ) .  the agency also modified the effective period of the $ 150 / mwh "" soft cap ""  proposal , limiting its application through april 2001 , whereupon a  "" comprehensive and systematic monitoring and mitigation program which  incorporates appropriate thresholds , screen and mitigation measures "" must be  in place . in a related move , ferc ordered a technical conference early next  year to develop such a program by march 1 , 2001 , so that these measures can  be place by the may 1 , deadline .  * * * energy secretary issues order to power generators and marketers to bolster  california ' s supplies * * *  energy secretary bill richardson has responded to the severely constrained  power supply situation in california by issuing an order , pursuant to section  202 ( c ) of the federal power act , to require generators and marketers to make  power available to meet the state ' s electricity needs . the emergency  directive requires that , if the california independent system operator ( iso )  certifies that there is an inadequate supply of electricity , certain  suppliers would be required to make power available to the iso if they have  power available in excess of the amount needed to satisfy service to firm  customers . those suppliers that have provided power to the california power  exchange ( px ) and the iso over the last 30 days that have firm capacity  available would be subject to the order .  under the order , the iso is required to provide notice to each supplier  subject to the order of the amount and type of service requested by 9 : 00 pm  est on the day before the requested service . the iso must , to the extent  feasible , allocate the requests in proportion to the amount of each  supplier ' s available power . the price for the power provided pursuant to the  order will be set by an agreement between the iso and the supplier . if no  agreement is reached , ferc is to determine the just and reasonable rate at a  later date . the order will remain in effect until 3 : 00 am est on december  21 , 2000 unless modified .  * * * epa sets plans to regulate plants ' mercury emissions * * *  epa administrator carol browner , in a long - awaited announcement , indicated  last week that the administration will require reductions of mercury  emissions from coal - and oil - fired power plants . the agency stated that it  plans to propose new regulations in december 2003 , and hopes to finalize new  rules by december 2004 .  in the wake of the decision , eei called on epa to make certain that any  program to control utilities ' mercury emissions be based on the best  scientific information available in order to assure the protection of public  health . "" eei urges epa to maintain its commitment to resolving the key  scientific and technological issues , "" said paul bailey , eei vice president ,  environmental affairs . given these uncertainties , eei is disappointed that  the regulatory determination includes statements regarding public health  threats and hazards that are unsupported by current science , "" said mr . bailey .  "" in the meantime , the electric power industry will continue to work with all  stakeholders to determine the extent to which additional mercury reductions  from power plants may be needed , and how those cuts should be achieved , "" mr .  bailey concluded .  mergers & acquisitions  * * * calpine completes acquisition of emi power assets * * *  calpine corporation has announced that it has completed the acquisition of  power assets from energy management , inc . ( emi ) . in the deal , calpine  acquired the remaining interest in three recently constructed , combined - cycle  power generating facilities located in new england , as well as a joint  marketing venture between calpine and emi . prior to the transaction , calpine  held a 50 percent net interest in the projects .  "" we are very pleased to have completed the acquisition of these new and  highly efficient power plants . the dighton , tiverton , and rumford facilities  were among the first merchant power plants to enter commercial operation in  new england , "" said calpine senior vice president bob alff . "" combined with  our other announced project in the northeast , we have created a coordinated  system of low - cost assets , with excellent geographic diversity , to provide  power to a very attractive new england market , "" added alff .  * * * exelon completes acquisition of 49 . 9 percent of sithe * * *  exelon corporation and sithe energies have announced the completion of  exelon ' s acquisition of 49 . 9 percent of the stock of sithe . the completion  of the acquisition finalizes an agreement in which peco energy company agreed  to purchase 49 . 9 percent of sithe ' s assets in north america for $ 682  million . peco has since merged with unicom corporation to form exelon  corporation .  under the terms of the agreement , exelon has the option to purchase the  remaining 50 . 1 percent of sithe within two to five years at a price based on  prevailing market conditions when the purchase option is exercised . exelon  and sithe will continue to operate independently , said the companies .  energy data  * * * weekly electric output ( week 50 ) * * *  electric output reached 74 , 737 gwh for the week ending december 9 ( week 50 ) ,  with the highest increase over 1999 levels in the mid - atlantic region , which  had a 15 . 8 percent increase over 1999 . looking at year - to - date information ,  the pacific southeast leads the nation in growth of output . for more  information , email alliance @ eei . org .  who ' s who  * * * allegheny energy announces leadership change * * *  allegheny energy , inc . this week announced the appointment of michael  morrell , senior vice president and cfo , as president of its unregulated  supply business , allegheny energy supply company , effective february 1 ,  2001 . morrell will replace peter skrgic , current president , who will be  retiring on that date after 37 years of service to the company .  in his new position , mr . morrell will direct and continue the growth of  allegheny ' s energy supply business , which operates and markets competitive  retail and wholesale electric generation throughout the eastern us .  additionally , morrell will identify new opportunities to expand the company ' s  generation holdings , announced a press release .  the alliance express is a free news service sponsored by the alliance of  energy suppliers . this document can be redistributed . please send  questions , comments , or requests to alliance @ eei . org , or telephone  202 / 508 - 5680 .  * * * due to the holidays , the alliance express will not be published next  tuesday , december 26 .  = = recent ferc filings = =  ( 1 ) rto developments  * the following entities filed comments regarding the california wholesale  electric market . elo 0 - 95 - 000 , et . al . filed december 13 , 2000 .  - american public power assoc . : "" market power : will we know it when we see  it ? the california experience ""  - southern california edison co . : "" proof that soft price caps do not result  in lawful rates "" and request for rehearing  - southern california edison co . : request for immediate modification of the  december 8 , 2000 order  - san diego gas & electric : motion to clarify the record  * the following entities filed motions for an immediate modification and to  intervene regarding the commission ' s emergency order december 8 approving the  ca iso ' s tariff amendments . erol - 607 - 000 , ero 0 - 95 - 000 et . al . filed  december 13 , 2000 .  - western power trading forum  - reliant energy power generation  - pacific gas and electric  - ca iso  - dynegy power marketing  * southern energy companies filed a supplemental protest regarding pjm ' s  order 2000 compliance filing . rtol - 2 - 000 . filed december 14 , 2000 .  ( 2 ) oatt / transmission  * ugi utilities filed an interconnection agreement with allegheny energy  supply co . erol - 617 - 000 . comments due by december 28 , 2000 .  * public service company of new mexico filed proposed revisions to its ferc  electric tariff , a statement of policy and code of conduct governing the  relationship between itself and wholesale power marketing affiliates and a  notification of a change in status relating to its authorization to sell  power at market - based rates . erol - 615 - 000 . comments due by december 28 ,  2000 .  * american electric power service corp . ( aep ) filed an executed  interconnection agreement between indiana michigan power co . and duke energy  berrien . the agreement is pursuant to aep companies ' oatt . erol - 626 - 000 .  comments due by december 29 , 2000 .  * commonwealth edison co . filed revisions to its oatt to reflect the  creation of a new generation subsidiary of excelon corp . , comed ' s holding  company . erol - 628 - 000 . comments due by december 29 , 2000 .  * detroit edison company filed a service agreement for network integration  transmission service under the joint oatt between itself and consumers  energy . the service agreement is between itself and nordic marketing .  erol - 622 - 000 . comments due by december 28 , 2000 .  * detroit edison company filed service agreements for short - term firm and  non - firm point - to - point transmission service under the joint oatt between  itself and consumers energy . the service agreement is between itself and h . q .  energy services . erol - 621 - 000 . comments due by december 28 , 2000 .  * louisiana generating filed a motion to intervene and protest regarding  southwestern electric power company ' s restated and amended electric system  interconnection agreement between southwestern and louisiana generating .  erol - 504 - 000 . filed december 13 , 2000 .  * alliant energy corporate services filed a response to several protests  regarding its proposed amended oatt . erol - 312 - 000 . filed december 14 , 2000 .  * electricities of north carolina , piedmont municipal power agency and the  cities of orangeburg and seneca , sc filed a motion to intervene and protest  regarding duke energy , carolina power & light and south carolina electric &  gas ' proposed accounting and rate treatment of start - up costs associated with  establishing a new rto . elol - 13 - 000 . filed december 14 , 2000 .  * southern company services filed a proposed amendment to its oatt in order  to incorporate creditworthiness criteria , interconnection procedures and  source and sink requirements . erol - 668 - 000 . filed december 14 , 2000 .  * bonneville power administration filed a petition for declaratory order  stating that its proposed oatt satisfies the commission ' s reciprocity  compliance principles . njol - 1 - 000 . filed december 14 , 2000 .  * american transmission co . filed proposed open access transmission rates  and requested expedited consideration . erol - 677 - 000 . filed december 15 ,  2000 .  ( 3 ) market complaints  * h . q . energy services filed for an order directing the ny iso to restore  the original market clearing prices for energy on may 8 , 2000 . elol - 19 - 000 .  comments due january 2 , 2001 .  * new england power co . filed an answer to the rhode island attorney  general ' s protest regarding the application of the joint owners of the  undivided interest in the millstone 3 nuclear plant to transfer ownership to  the dominion applicants . eco 0 - 137 - 000 and ero 0 - 3639 - 000 . filed december 13 ,  2000 .  ( 4 ) mergers / corporate restructuring  ( 5 ) miscellaneous  * ca iso filed an amendment to schedule 1 of the participating generator  agreement between ca iso and sierra pacific industries . erol - 619 - 000 .  comments due by december 28 , 2000 .  * automated power exchange filed a new rate schedule under which it will  provide its auction and scheduling service in its california market .  erol - 658 - 000 . filed december 14 , 2000 .  * automated power exchange filed a new rate schedule under which it will  provide its auction and scheduling service in a new geographic market , known  as the apx midwest market . erol - 659 - 000 . filed december 14 , 2000 .  nancy tarr  manager , business development  ntarr @ eei . org  202 - 508 - 5680  - timeline . doc",0,alliance info alert dear generation power marketing executive alliance info alert includes three items interest weekly alliance express newsletter listing recent filings ferc timeline ferc action california markets attached alliance energy suppliers express december inside washington federal affairs ferc de federalizes california markets adopts structural reforms special meeting friday afternoon ferc unanimously approved eagerly awaited final order reforming california wholesale markets adopting major outlines november proposed order sending back california responsibility addressing state related matters time ferc deferred consideration retroactive refund issues well imposition region wide price caps ferc reiterated earlier conclusions certain circumstances california ratepayers subjected unjust unreasonable power rates due california seriously flawed market structure rules conjunction tight demand supply conditions throughout west ferc adopted november proposal eliminate effective immediately state mandatory requirement state investor owned utilities buy sell electricity px allow utilities purchase electricity forward contracts alternative mechanisms manage supply risks ferc terminated px rate schedules effective close business april effect chairman james hoecker stated order de federalizes percent california wholesale market established state restructuring law returning ratemaking authority company owned generation california public utilities commission cpuc agency also modified effective period mwh soft cap proposal limiting application april whereupon comprehensive systematic monitoring mitigation program incorporates appropriate thresholds screen mitigation measures must place related move ferc ordered technical conference early next year develop program march measures place may deadline energy secretary issues order power generators marketers bolster california supplies energy secretary bill richardson responded severely constrained power supply situation california issuing order pursuant section c federal power act require generators marketers make power available meet state electricity needs emergency directive requires california independent system operator iso certifies inadequate supply electricity certain suppliers would required make power available iso power available excess amount needed satisfy service firm customers suppliers provided power california power exchange px iso last days firm capacity available would subject order order iso required provide notice supplier subject order amount type service requested pm est day requested service iso must extent feasible allocate requests proportion amount supplier available power price power provided pursuant order set agreement iso supplier agreement reached ferc determine reasonable rate later date order remain effect est december unless modified epa sets plans regulate plants mercury emissions epa administrator carol browner long awaited announcement indicated last week administration require reductions mercury emissions coal oil fired power plants agency stated plans propose new regulations december hopes finalize new rules december wake decision eei called epa make certain program control utilities mercury emissions based best scientific information available order assure protection public health eei urges epa maintain commitment resolving key scientific technological issues said paul bailey eei vice president environmental affairs given uncertainties eei disappointed regulatory determination includes statements regarding public health threats hazards unsupported current science said mr bailey meantime electric power industry continue work stakeholders determine extent additional mercury reductions power plants may needed cuts achieved mr bailey concluded mergers acquisitions calpine completes acquisition emi power assets calpine corporation announced completed acquisition power assets energy management inc emi deal calpine acquired remaining interest three recently constructed combined cycle power generating facilities located new england well joint marketing venture calpine emi prior transaction calpine held percent net interest projects pleased completed acquisition new highly efficient power plants dighton tiverton rumford facilities among first merchant power plants enter commercial operation new england said calpine senior vice president bob alff combined announced project northeast created coordinated system low cost assets excellent geographic diversity provide power attractive new england market added alff exelon completes acquisition percent sithe exelon corporation sithe energies announced completion exelon acquisition percent stock sithe completion acquisition finalizes agreement peco energy company agreed purchase percent sithe assets north america million peco since merged unicom corporation form exelon corporation terms agreement exelon option purchase remaining percent sithe within two five years price based prevailing market conditions purchase option exercised exelon sithe continue operate independently said companies energy data weekly electric output week electric output reached gwh week ending december week highest increase levels mid atlantic region percent increase looking year date information pacific southeast leads nation growth output information email alliance eei org allegheny energy announces leadership change allegheny energy inc week announced appointment michael morrell senior vice president cfo president unregulated supply business allegheny energy supply company effective february morrell replace peter skrgic current president retiring date years service company new position mr morrell direct continue growth allegheny energy supply business operates markets competitive retail wholesale electric generation throughout eastern us additionally morrell identify new opportunities expand company generation holdings announced press release alliance express free news service sponsored alliance energy suppliers document redistributed please send questions comments requests alliance eei org telephone due holidays alliance express published next tuesday december recent ferc filings rto developments following entities filed comments regarding california wholesale electric market elo et al filed december american public power assoc market power know see california experience southern california edison co proof soft price caps result lawful rates request rehearing southern california edison co request immediate modification december order san diego gas electric motion clarify record following entities filed motions immediate modification intervene regarding commission emergency order december approving ca iso tariff amendments erol ero et al filed december western power trading forum reliant energy power generation pacific gas electric ca iso dynegy power marketing southern energy companies filed supplemental protest regarding pjm order compliance filing rtol filed december oatt transmission ugi utilities filed interconnection agreement allegheny energy supply co erol comments due december public service company new mexico filed proposed revisions ferc electric tariff statement policy code conduct governing relationship wholesale power marketing affiliates notification change status relating authorization sell power market based rates erol comments due december american electric power service corp aep filed executed interconnection agreement indiana michigan power co duke energy berrien agreement pursuant aep companies oatt erol comments due december commonwealth edison co filed revisions oatt reflect creation new generation subsidiary excelon corp comed holding company erol comments due december detroit edison company filed service agreement network integration transmission service joint oatt consumers energy service agreement nordic marketing erol comments due december detroit edison company filed service agreements short term firm non firm point point transmission service joint oatt consumers energy service agreement h q energy services erol comments due december louisiana generating filed motion intervene protest regarding southwestern electric power company restated amended electric system interconnection agreement southwestern louisiana generating erol filed december alliant energy corporate services filed response several protests regarding proposed amended oatt erol filed december electricities north carolina piedmont municipal power agency cities orangeburg seneca sc filed motion intervene protest regarding duke energy carolina power light south carolina electric gas proposed accounting rate treatment start costs associated establishing new rto elol filed december southern company services filed proposed amendment oatt order incorporate creditworthiness criteria interconnection procedures source sink requirements erol filed december bonneville power administration filed petition declaratory order stating proposed oatt satisfies commission reciprocity compliance principles njol filed december american transmission co filed proposed open access transmission rates requested expedited consideration erol filed december market complaints h q energy services filed order directing ny iso restore original market clearing prices energy may elol comments due january new england power co filed answer rhode island attorney general protest regarding application joint owners undivided interest millstone nuclear plant transfer ownership dominion applicants eco ero filed december mergers corporate restructuring miscellaneous ca iso filed amendment schedule participating generator agreement ca iso sierra pacific industries erol comments due december automated power exchange filed new rate schedule provide auction scheduling service california market erol filed december automated power exchange filed new rate schedule provide auction scheduling service new geographic market known apx midwest market erol filed december nancy tarr manager business development ntarr eei org timeline doc
"Subject: re : manabu matsumoto  hi lucy / natalie  given that manabu is perceived as the "" specialist "" type , and probably  shouldn ' t go straight into the gas trading group , this may have implications  for research headcount if he ' s considered a good non - a & a hire .  i ' ll be spending the next couple of weeks canvassing opinions from various  vps and mds over their preferred size , role and style of research group for  europe . i think we should delay manabu ' s second round interviews for a while .  cheers ,  steve  lucy page  07 / 20 / 2000 07 : 38 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : natalie cilliers / lon / ect @ ect  subject : manabu matsumoto  steve ,  i am out of the office tomorrow and was just wondering if you ' d had a chance  to think about the interview list for manabu ?  if you get a list together , natalie will be able start working on it -  alternatively i will catch up with you on monday .  natalie - just so you know manabu will be coming in for second round but not  for the a & a programme - probably a specialist in steve ' s group ( we ' ll pass it  over to commercial support next week )  cheers  lucy",0,manabu matsumoto hi lucy natalie given manabu perceived specialist type probably go straight gas trading group may implications research headcount considered good non hire spending next couple weeks canvassing opinions various vps mds preferred size role style research group europe think delay manabu second round interviews cheers steve lucy page pm steven leppard lon ect ect cc natalie cilliers lon ect ect subject manabu matsumoto steve office tomorrow wondering chance think interview list manabu get list together natalie able start working alternatively catch monday natalie know manabu coming second round programme probably specialist steve group pass commercial support next week cheers lucy
"Subject: visit by professor shijie deng on friday , july 28 , 2000  professor shijie deng , assistant professor , school of industrial and systems  engineering , georgia institute of technology will be spending friday , july  28 , 2000 with the research group . he will be doing a presentation from 1 : 00  pm to 2 : 30 pm in conference room 49 c 4 . his field of expertise is :  financial asset pricing and real options valuation  financial engineering applications in energy commodity markets  transmission pricing in electric power systems  applications of contract theory in supply chain modeling  please plan to attend .",0,visit professor shijie deng friday july professor shijie deng assistant professor school industrial systems engineering georgia institute technology spending friday july research group presentation pm pm conference room c field expertise financial asset pricing real options valuation financial engineering applications energy commodity markets transmission pricing electric power systems applications contract theory supply chain modeling please plan attend
"Subject: review of paper by titman , et al  resending . . .  vasant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000  11 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vasant shanbhogue  10 / 02 / 2000 02 : 04 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : review of paper by titman , et al",0,review paper titman et al resending vasant forwarded vasant shanbhogue hou ect vasant shanbhogue pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject review paper titman et al
"Subject: re : possible rtp conference  dear professor huntington ,  thursday 10 a . m . works for me .  please , let me know where i can meet you .  i am attaching my itinerary , so that you can contact me  if necessary  .  my cell phone number is 713 410 5396 .  vince kaminski",0,possible rtp conference dear professor huntington thursday works please let know meet attaching itinerary contact necessary cell phone number vince kaminski
"Subject: want to make a million ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  want to make a million bucks this year ?  me too but it ' s probably not going happen !  however if your looking for the opportunity to  make a couple thousand a week ,  working form home , with your pc , we need to talk .  if you ' re over 18 and a us resident ,  just click reply  send me your name , state ,  complete telephone number ,  and the best time to contact you .  i will personally speak with you within 48 hours .  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,want make million want make million bucks year probably going happen however looking opportunity make couple thousand week working form home pc need talk us resident click reply send name state complete telephone number best time contact personally speak within hours sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: re : vacation  shirley ,  no problem .  vince  shirley crenshaw  11 / 29 / 2000 03 : 34 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  subject : vacation  vince :  i have 4 days vacation left . i would like to take friday , the 8 th and the  27 th , 28 th and 29 th . please let me know if this is ok .  anita will be here .  thanks !  shirley",0,vacation shirley problem vince shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc anita dupont na enron enron subject vacation vince days vacation left would like take friday th th th th please let know ok anita thanks shirley
"Subject: interview  dear dr . kaminski  i would like to thank for the interview opportunity at enron . it was very nice  and pleasant to talk with very talented people .  i wish this interview develop to the further stage of the opportunity .  as matter of fact , i have started the current job at kansas city with an  internship expiring november 3 rd . i got an permanent job offer from them and i  think i should decide whether to accept the offer or not very soon . but after  i visited enron , i feel that i want to pursue my career development at enron  for many reasons .  so if the decision process is made soon , i will appreciate it greatly . ( i  apologize for the hurry . i already sent a message regarding my situation to  molly a minute ago . )  thank you very much .  sincerely ,  jaesoo",0,interview dear dr kaminski would like thank interview opportunity enron nice pleasant talk talented people wish interview develop stage opportunity matter fact started current job kansas city internship expiring november rd got permanent job offer think decide whether accept offer soon visited enron feel want pursue career development enron many reasons decision process made soon appreciate greatly apologize hurry already sent message regarding situation molly minute ago thank much sincerely jaesoo
"Subject: i ' m in hospital ! ! !  i ' ve had a burst appendix and pneumonia .  call debbie for details on 936 - 321 - 8836 ( home ) or 936 - 499 - 4996 ( cell ) or me  directly on 713 - 598 - 0732 ( but i share a room with someone , so we may disturb  them . . . .  steve  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tel : 713 - 345 - 8980  cell : 713 - 598 - 0732",0,hospital burst appendix pneumonia call debbie details home cell directly share room someone may disturb steve tel cell
"Subject: additional attachments  vince :  i forgot to attach the final slam report , the file of the white paper ,  the white paper calculations . the final slam report discusses the  availability of service level agreement monitoring , and nms generally that  meet ebs ' s needs .  i am convinced that at a minimum ebs would gain the foundation of a great  nms that will be critical to the success of ebs , and that ebs could actually  gain the distributed machine tool that could be the foundation of the  internet of the 21 st century . i hope we get the chance to prove this .  let me know if i can be of further assistance .  mak  - final s l a m report september 1999 . zip",0,additional attachments vince forgot attach final slam report file white paper white paper calculations final slam report discusses availability service level agreement monitoring nms generally meet ebs needs convinced minimum ebs would gain foundation great nms critical success ebs ebs could actually gain distributed machine tool could foundation internet st century hope get chance prove let know assistance mak final l report september zip
"Subject: re : memory  hello andy ,  i received your e - mail .  i would like to request memory for the printer on the  19 th floor .  the printer name is bandit .  company number - 0011  r . c . number - 100038  thanks  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2000 09 : 00  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  05 / 02 / 2000 08 : 55 am  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : memory  kevin ,  makes sense  vince  kevin g moore  05 / 02 / 2000 08 : 10 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : memory  goodmorning ,  shirley , we are in need of a printer that will allow us to print  several pages , none of the printers on this floor will permit  us to do that without adding memory .  i even sent the print - out to bandit and it also needs more memory to  print these pages .  what we are printing is 189 pages .  mike would like to print these pages , so instead of paying for  memory on someone else ' s printer could we add memory to  one of our own .  please inform . . . . . . . . . .  thanks  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2000 08 : 01  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  andy sikes @ enron  05 / 01 / 2000 02 : 41 pm  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : memory  kevin - please reply with a company numbern and rc number to charge the cost  of the order to . it ' s about $ 100 .  thanks , andy  enron it purchasing  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by andy sikes / corp / enron on 05 / 01 / 2000 02 : 38  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  andy sikes  05 / 01 / 2000 02 : 40 pm  to : andy sikes / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : memory  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by andy sikes / corp / enron on 05 / 01 / 2000 02 : 37  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore @ ect  05 / 01 / 2000 11 : 04 am  to : enron it purchasing @ enron  cc :  subject : memory  i would like to request more memory for the printer  blue - sky on the 32 nd floor .  the printer is a laser jet 8100 n .  the printer is located in front of eb 3240 b .  we need more memory a . s . a . p  thanks  kevin moore .",0,memory hello andy received e mail would like request memory printer th floor printer name bandit company number r c number thanks kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect vince j kaminski kevin g moore hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject memory kevin makes sense vince kevin g moore shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject memory goodmorning shirley need printer allow us print several pages none printers floor permit us without adding memory even sent print bandit also needs memory print pages printing pages mike would like print pages instead paying memory someone else printer could add memory one please inform thanks kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect andy sikes enron pm kevin g moore hou ect ect cc subject memory kevin please reply company numbern rc number charge cost order thanks andy enron purchasing forwarded andy sikes corp enron pm andy sikes pm andy sikes corp enron enron cc subject memory forwarded andy sikes corp enron pm kevin g moore ect enron purchasing enron cc subject memory would like request memory printer blue sky nd floor printer laser jet n printer located front eb b need memory p thanks kevin moore
"Subject: re : private firm schedule  thanks for the schedule update  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kirkpatrick , eric  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 10 : 52 am  to : mack , iris ; dhar , amitava ; brent , richard ; salmon , scott ; chaney , craig ; mumford , mike ; detiveaux , kim ; cruver , brian  subject : private firm schedule  all :  this is the rough schedule we came up with at today ' s video conference :  submit rfp to d & b , experian , and amadeus 2 days 25 apr mumford  receive back rfps 1 . 5 weeks 4 may mumford  complete evaluation , selection & authorization 1 week 11 may mumford / mack  contract complete and signed 2 weeks 25 may mumford  data to iris & amitava 3 weeks 15 june mumford  model development complete 4 weeks 15 july mack  * integration of model and data feeds into cts 6 weeks 30 august kirkpatrick  prior to integration into cts any prices would have to be manually uploaded into cts via spreadsheet .  the rfp will include a request for a smaller data calibration set that we may select to purchase immediately .  we can revisit this schedule at our wednesday video conference .  eric kirkpatrick",0,private firm schedule thanks schedule update original message kirkpatrick eric sent monday april mack iris dhar amitava brent richard salmon scott chaney craig mumford mike detiveaux kim cruver brian subject private firm schedule rough schedule came today video conference submit rfp b experian amadeus days apr mumford receive back rfps weeks may mumford complete evaluation selection authorization week may mumford mack contract complete signed weeks may mumford data iris amitava weeks june mumford model development complete weeks july mack integration model data feeds cts weeks august kirkpatrick prior integration cts prices would manually uploaded cts via spreadsheet rfp include request smaller data calibration set may select purchase immediately revisit schedule wednesday video conference eric kirkpatrick
"Subject: re : money issues ygr  repair your credit online ! it ' s the online credit breakthroughyou ' ve been waiting for ! in less than 5 minutes , directly from the comfort + convienience of your computer , yp 5 a 9 d 3 tsj 53 xfocwg 6 oflwjwsonnkigarhp 91 8 qyfvkpfqgknfyou could be repairing your credit ! you can watch daily real time updates , as you fix your problems get the information you need quickly and efficently to remove the negative credit items from your report ! click here for more informationthank you - the web credit ( tm ) team yp 5 a 9 d 3 tsj 53 xfocwg 6 oflwjwsonnkigarhp 91 8 qyfvkpfqgknf",1,money issues ygr repair credit online online credit breakthroughyou waiting less minutes directly comfort convienience computer yp tsj xfocwg oflwjwsonnkigarhp qyfvkpfqgknfyou could repairing credit watch daily real time updates fix problems get information need quickly efficently remove negative credit items report click informationthank web credit tm team yp tsj xfocwg oflwjwsonnkigarhp qyfvkpfqgknf
"Subject: re : a friend of mine  vince ,  thank you very much for the follow up report . i am sure richard will be very enthusiastic about the opportunity to speak with you and your team . i appreciate your help , and please feel free to contact me if you or shirley need assistance with logistics .  again , thank you and i look forward to working with you again this recruiting season .  regards ,  kristin  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 8 : 27 am  to : gandy , kristin  subject : re : a friend of mine  kristin ,  thanks a lot for the resume .  we shall arrange a phone interview with richard . this is out standard procedure .  a phone interview is followed by the on - site interview , after we determine what is the best team to interview  the candidate .  vince  from : kristin gandy / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 14 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : a friend of mine  vince ,  last week i was contacted by one of my friends who is very interested in becoming an enron employee . he has a phd and several years research and lab experience .  richard is afraid that being a phd is a dying breed and may need to go back to school to obtain an mba . i was wondering if you would mind looking at the attached resume to assess if you have any interest in richard , or if you feel i should encourage him to go back to school . i am unclear as to the qualifications for your group so i apologize if this request is way off base .  thank you for your help ,  kristin gandy  associate recruiter  enron corporation  1400 smith street eb 1163  houston , texas 77002  713 - 345 - 3214  kristin . gandy @ enron . com  >",0,friend mine vince thank much follow report sure richard enthusiastic opportunity speak team appreciate help please feel free contact shirley need assistance logistics thank look forward working recruiting season regards kristin original message kaminski vince sent wednesday may gandy kristin subject friend mine kristin thanks lot resume shall arrange phone interview richard standard procedure phone interview followed site interview determine best team interview candidate vince kristin gandy enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject friend mine vince last week contacted one friends interested becoming enron employee phd several years research lab experience richard afraid phd dying breed may need go back school obtain mba wondering would mind looking attached resume assess interest richard feel encourage go back school unclear qualifications group apologize request way base thank help kristin gandy associate recruiter enron corporation smith street eb houston texas kristin gandy enron com
"Subject: reminder - enronanywhere portal project meeting  you are scheduled to attend the enronanywhere portal project meeting .  when : wednesday , april 18 , 2001  where : eb 50 m dining room  time : 12 : 00 - 4 : 00  lunch will be served .  thank you in advance for helping us to create one enron . your attendance and participation is certain to make this project a huge success .  call me if you have any questions .  thanks ,  marie hejka  enronanywhere  3 9698  p . s . note , we decided not to send a pre - workshop assignment .  see you there .",0,reminder enronanywhere portal project meeting scheduled attend enronanywhere portal project meeting wednesday april eb dining room time lunch served thank advance helping us create one enron attendance participation certain make project huge success call questions thanks marie hejka enronanywhere p note decided send pre workshop assignment see
"Subject: msl 50 confirmation  thank you for your involvement with the 2000 isuzu msl 50 bike tour , a texas  cycling tradition . check the bottom of this email for a custom donation  letter that you can use for on - line donations in your name .  here is a copy of the information you submitted :  isuzu msl 50 contribution confirmation  contribution on behalf of : john norden / jnorden @ enron . com  description : donations  amount : $ 25 . 00  order _ id : 9910  name : wincenty j . kaminski  company : enron  addressl : 1400 smith  address 2 : ebl 962  city : houston  state : tx  zip : 77002  country : united states of america  phone : 281 367 5377  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  account name : wincenty j . kaminski  card type : visa  total : $ 25 . 00",0,msl confirmation thank involvement isuzu msl bike tour texas cycling tradition check bottom email custom donation letter use line donations name copy information submitted isuzu msl contribution confirmation contribution behalf john norden jnorden enron com description donations amount order id name wincenty j kaminski company enron addressl smith address ebl city houston state tx zip country united states america phone e mail vkamins enron com account name wincenty j kaminski card type visa total
"Subject: howard confirmation  hi vince , i ' m on vacation from friday ( today ) until tuesday . rachel / london  sent me this confirmation last night and think it illicts your attention - did  they get it right to meet you satisfaction ? i hope your interview goes well  with howard too . it ' s all set .  any feedback on the guys from ford credit and citigroup / oxford university ? i  own them outright - no other firms involved ! fyi : my fees are always much less  on these candidates ( exclusive ownership by myself ) as there are no middlemen  involved from these "" other firms "" . i luckily have been attracting very  talented candidates with just doing business "" as myself "" rather than mri . i  am very encouraged . please check them out , vince . . . as you know - i always  send you them first then on to my other clients - if you reject them .  bye vince , thank you for the business !  jeff  ps - use my cellphone if you want me ( the next 4 days ) for anything ; i ' m here  for you - 949 813 2241  candidate ' s name : howard haughton  date of interview : tuesday 20 february 2001  time of interview : 2 . 00 pm  interviewers : david weekes enron credit sales  & marketing  mark leahy enron credit sales &  marketing  bryan seyfried enron credit executive  markus fiala enron credit trading  robina barker - bennett enron credit  syndication  ted murphy executive rac  each interview will be approximately 45 minutes .  address : 40 grosvenor place  london  swlx 7 en  switchboard : 020 7783 - 0000  closest tube / train station : victoria  to ask for : david weekes at main reception  location map attached  ( see attached file : location map . pdf )  i will take this as confirmed unless i hear otherwise from you . if you  would like to discuss this please contact me on 020 7783 5677 .  regards  rachel quirke  human resources  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *",0,howard confirmation hi vince vacation friday today tuesday rachel london sent confirmation last night think illicts attention get right meet satisfaction hope interview goes well howard set feedback guys ford credit citigroup oxford university outright firms involved fyi fees always much less candidates exclusive ownership middlemen involved firms luckily attracting talented candidates business rather mri encouraged please check vince know always send first clients reject bye vince thank business jeff ps use cellphone want next days anything candidate name howard haughton date interview tuesday february time interview pm interviewers david weekes enron credit sales marketing mark leahy enron credit sales marketing bryan seyfried enron credit executive markus fiala enron credit trading robina barker bennett enron credit syndication ted murphy executive rac interview approximately minutes address grosvenor place london swlx en switchboard closest tube train station victoria ask david weekes main reception location map attached see attached file location map pdf take confirmed unless hear otherwise would like discuss please contact regards rachel quirke human resources get free secure online email http www ziplip com
"Subject: what happend in your home ? ? ?  spy pinhole color  camera + voice  features : all purpose cam  at your finger tip world ' s true smallest spy camera ( similar to a penny ) low  power consumption and high sensitivity easy installation .  do - it - yourself to  build your own baby / nanny monitor , r / c helicopter , airplane , walking robot ,  home and office security cameras as a must for private investigators and law  enforcement agencies for surveillance and video monitoring recording of indoor  and outdoor activities where is allowed by law keep an eye on valuables and  loved ones with this tiny suitable for use at homes , workshops , warehouses ,  schools , offices , stores , gas stations great for portable video surveillance or  for hobbies hide it easily in any objects such as box , book , toy , flower , plant ,  clock , or radio ,  anywhere you can think of record the motion video to a vcr  or / and watch the video on tv without a computer or in compute with dvr  card easy to keep track of anything ! ! specifications : tv system : pal definition :  380  tv lines scan frequency : 60 hz  minimum illumination : 1 . 5 lux for color  effective element : 510 x 492  picture area : 4 . 69 x 3 . 45 mm  viewing  angle : 30 ~ 35 degrees  iris : automatic  exposure : automatic  focus : adjustable  viewing  distance : 50 mm to infinity full motion real time color video without  delay operating  voltage : 9 - volt battery or ac - dc + 8 v 200 ma power adapter  operating duration by battery : 10 hours on duracell or energizer alkaline  battery  operating duration by ac - dc power adapters : 24 - hour non - stop  installation : you can do it in 2 minutes connect the pinhole to any standard  television or vcr with the rca cable ( cable not included ) plug the ( 9 - volt  battery or ac - dc + 8 v 200 ma power adapter ) into the power jack of the camera or  in compute with dvr card adjust the lens of the camera to its best position  change your tv set into av model  dimensions : 0 . 875 oz . ( net weight ) 1 . 125 oz . ( gross weight ) 0 . 725 inches x 0 . 875  inches x 0 . 875 inches ( w x l x h )  only  29 $ including shipping to worldwide !  to order click here !  to buy dvr ' s ,  security cameras and more , click here ! ",1,happend home spy pinhole color camera voice features purpose cam finger tip world true smallest spy camera similar penny low power consumption high sensitivity easy installation build baby nanny monitor r c helicopter airplane walking robot home office security cameras must private investigators law enforcement agencies surveillance video monitoring recording indoor outdoor activities allowed law keep eye valuables loved ones tiny suitable use homes workshops warehouses schools offices stores gas stations great portable video surveillance hobbies hide easily objects box book toy flower plant clock radio anywhere think record motion video vcr watch video tv without computer compute dvr card easy keep track anything specifications tv system pal definition tv lines scan frequency hz minimum illumination lux color effective element x picture area x mm viewing angle degrees iris automatic exposure automatic focus adjustable viewing distance mm infinity full motion real time color video without delay operating voltage volt battery ac dc v power adapter operating duration battery hours duracell energizer alkaline battery operating duration ac dc power adapters hour non stop installation minutes connect pinhole standard television vcr rca cable cable included plug volt battery ac dc v power adapter power jack camera compute dvr card adjust lens camera best position change tv set av model dimensions oz net weight oz gross weight inches x inches x inches w x l x h including shipping worldwide order click buy dvr security cameras click
"Subject: new eprm speakers  vince ,  thanks very much for your help  helen  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : helen evans  cc : stinson gibner  date : 10 december 1999 19 : 14  subject : re : new eprm speakers  helen ,  i forwarded your message to my associate stinson gibner  whom i can wholeheartedly recommend .  vince  "" helen evans "" on 12 / 06 / 99 10 : 29 : 39 am  please respond to "" helen evans ""  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : new eprm speakers  vince ,  i ' m currently looking to broaden eprm ' s speaker base and would like to  find a  speaker for a training course i am producing on the monte carlo  technique . i was  wondering if you might be able to recommend somebody new from enron who  might  like to speak on this subject . i ' d really appreciate any help you could  give me .  many thanks  helen evans  producer , eprm conferences & courses  - attl . htm",0,new eprm speakers vince thanks much help helen original message vince j kaminski helen evans cc stinson gibner date december subject new eprm speakers helen forwarded message associate stinson gibner wholeheartedly recommend vince helen evans please respond helen evans vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject new eprm speakers vince currently looking broaden eprm speaker base would like find speaker training course producing monte carlo technique wondering might able recommend somebody new enron might like speak subject really appreciate help could give many thanks helen evans producer eprm conferences courses attl htm
"Subject: the best just got better  male , age 55 , best , $ 500 , 000 face amount , annual premiums  ge lifetime protectorsm  lifetime  premiuml  $ 6 , 252  csv = $ 1  @ age 1002  $ 5 , 356  csv = face amt  @ age 1002  $ 5 , 841  product j  $ 6 , 365  $ 7 , 699  $ 7 , 970  product i  $ 6 , 531  $ 6 , 809  $ 7 , 327  product l  $ 6 , 348  $ 6 , 250  $ 6 , 630  product s  $ 6 , 538  $ 5 , 709  $ 6 , 550  product u  $ 8 , 950  $ 5 , 827  $ 6 , 185  product t  $ 7 , 581  $ 6 , 729  $ 7 , 372  product m  $ 7 , 637  $ 6 , 711  $ 6 , 916  product g  $ 7 , 044  $ 5 , 529  $ 6 , 207  source : industry market research conducted and compiled by ge financial , august 2002 .  ge lifetime protectorsm  is subject to the terms , issue limitations and conditions of policy  form nos . ul geo 2 et al for ge capital assurance and ulfclo 2 et al  for first colony life , which include exclusion periods for death by  suicide . ge lifetime protectorsm is not available in all  states . lpremium that guarantees coverage for the life of the insured according to the companies ' provisions .  companies refer to premium by different names and the conditions  for the guarantee will vary from company to company . for ge lifetime  protectorsm , this refers to the designated premium requirement :  subject to the policy provisions , policy remains in force as long  as the sum of the premiums paid , less the reduction in policy value  for all partial withdrawals , equals or exceeds the cumulative total  of the designated monthly premiums from the policy date to the end  of the current policy month .  2 premiums calculated  assuming each company ' s current crediting rate and charges . each  column represents the premium required annually to age 100 to achieve  target cash surrender value stated in the column heading .  underwritten by  general electric capital assurance company  first colony life insurance company  lynchburg , va  members of the ge financial family of companies  we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not  wish to receive them . this is a professional communication  sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing  list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout  legal notice ",1,best got better male age best face amount annual premiums ge lifetime protectorsm lifetime premiuml csv age csv face amt age product j product product l product product u product product product g source industry market research conducted compiled ge financial august ge lifetime protectorsm subject terms issue limitations conditions policy form nos ul geo et al ge capital assurance ulfclo et al first colony life include exclusion periods death suicide ge lifetime protectorsm available states lpremium guarantees coverage life insured according companies provisions companies refer premium different names conditions guarantee vary company company ge lifetime protectorsm refers designated premium requirement subject policy provisions policy remains force long sum premiums paid less reduction policy value partial withdrawals equals exceeds cumulative total designated monthly premiums policy date end current policy month premiums calculated assuming company current crediting rate charges column represents premium required annually age achieve target cash surrender value stated column heading underwritten general electric capital assurance company first colony life insurance company lynchburg va members ge financial family companies want anyone receive mailings wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insuranceiq com optout legal notice
Subject: re : digitals  many thanks .  gillian .,0,digitals many thanks gillian
"Subject: highest concentration of pure human pheromone ovdkspcr  x = = x * x = = xx = = x * x = = xx = = x * x = = xx = = x * x = = xx = = x * x = = xx = = x * x = = xabsolutely awesome ! ! instantly s e x u a l l y attract with nature ' s secret weapon . . . "" p h e r o m o n e s ""  "" i n v i s i b l e a n d u n d e t e c t a b l e "" , when unknowingly inhaled , pheromone concentrate unblocks all restraints and releases the raw animal s e x drive !  this is the strongest concentration of human pheromones , allowed by law , in an essential oil base .  available in formulas for both men and women .  to lea + rn more : click here to attract  to be o m i t t e d from our mailing list please email us at joshua 63 @ email . is with "" o m i t "" in the sub - line .  * |  to 48 6 - 04 c 20 p  { % rand }  > > sspltm  - human pheromones concentrate -  ( s e x u a l l y attract women s e x u a l l y attract men attract men attract women and men instantly attract women and men become very desirable - - fast  gain the sexual advantage powerful , very powerful become very desirable ) ",1,highest concentration pure human pheromone ovdkspcr x x x xx x x xx x x xx x x xx x x xx x x xabsolutely awesome instantly e x u l l attract nature secret weapon p h e r n e n v b l e n u n e e c b l e unknowingly inhaled pheromone concentrate unblocks restraints releases raw animal e x drive strongest concentration human pheromones allowed law essential oil base available formulas men women lea rn click attract e mailing list please email us joshua email sub line c p rand sspltm human pheromones concentrate e x u l l attract women e x u l l attract men attract men attract women men instantly attract women men become desirable fast gain sexual advantage powerful powerful become desirable
"Subject: a friend of mine  shirley ,  please , arrange a phone interview with richard .  stinson , myself , vasant .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001  08 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : kristin gandy / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 14 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : a friend of mine  vince ,  last week i was contacted by one of my friends who is very interested in  becoming an enron employee . he has a phd and several years research and lab  experience .  richard is afraid that being a phd is a dying breed and may need to go back  to school to obtain an mba . i was wondering if you would mind looking at the  attached resume to assess if you have any interest in richard , or if you feel  i should encourage him to go back to school . i am unclear as to the  qualifications for your group so i apologize if this request is way off base .  thank you for your help ,  kristin gandy  associate recruiter  enron corporation  1400 smith street eb 1163  houston , texas 77002  713 - 345 - 3214  kristin . gandy @ enron . com",0,friend mine shirley please arrange phone interview richard stinson vasant vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect kristin gandy enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject friend mine vince last week contacted one friends interested becoming enron employee phd several years research lab experience richard afraid phd dying breed may need go back school obtain mba wondering would mind looking attached resume assess interest richard feel encourage go back school unclear qualifications group apologize request way base thank help kristin gandy associate recruiter enron corporation smith street eb houston texas kristin gandy enron com
"Subject: sacramento weather station  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000  09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  scott tholan @ enron  09 / 19 / 2000 07 : 57 pm  to : mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect , gary taylor / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : chris clark / na / enron @ enron  subject : sacramento weather station  hey guys ,  we ' re talking to a contractor ( s ) that can build us a weather station  ( hopefully very quickly ) for placement in sacramento , california . for a  variety of legal , contractor , and operational reasons , i need to confirm some  of the following requirements as soon as possible so we can proceed :  a ) you need rainfall , snowfall , and temperature measurement from one ,  high - accuracy commercially available weather station .  b ) you need a daily feed of this data to enron ' s weather desk : does this  mean one data dump at a set time per day ? alternatively , will you need to  check the data real - time , perhaps at varying and multiple times during the  day ?  c ) we will be installing this station near sacramento , california : we will  need to know exactly what areas in / near sacramento are suitable for the site  of the weather station . ( what again was the name of the town that you  mentioned mark ? ) in the interest of time , i recommend that your weather  expert accompany our landman to select the site , which will allow our landman  to more quickly lease and install the station .  d ) you desire to have some independent security measures to deter or detect  tampering . i suggest given the very short time fuse , that we first install  the station and then develop security measures .  e ) we will feed the data directly to the enron weather desk . will any other  parties require real - time access to this data ?  please forward responses directly to : chris clark / na / enron and myself .  thanks , scott",0,sacramento weather station fyi forwarded mike roberts hou ect scott tholan enron pm mark tawney hou ect ect gary taylor hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc chris clark na enron enron subject sacramento weather station hey guys talking contractor build us weather station hopefully quickly placement sacramento california variety legal contractor operational reasons need confirm following requirements soon possible proceed need rainfall snowfall temperature measurement one high accuracy commercially available weather station b need daily feed data enron weather desk mean one data dump set time per day alternatively need check data real time perhaps varying multiple times day c installing station near sacramento california need know exactly areas near sacramento suitable site weather station name town mentioned mark interest time recommend weather expert accompany landman select site allow landman quickly lease install station desire independent security measures deter detect tampering suggest given short time fuse first install station develop security measures e feed data directly enron weather desk parties require real time access data please forward responses directly chris clark na enron thanks scott
"Subject: houston trip  hi jaideep !  my first suggestion is that you come to houston as scheduled ( and arranged  with wharton nearly 3 weeks ago ) . alternatively , rely on your tiger  teammates to gather information necessary to respond to the project . should  circumstances lead you to decide not to come for this trip , please return the  ticket issued to you . should it make sense for you to visit enron some time  in the future , we can discuss arrangements at that time .  hope to see you soon !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2001  01 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" jaideep singh "" on 01 / 17 / 2001 08 : 58 : 51 pm  to :  cc :  subject : houston trip  hello christie ,  thank you for organizing the wharton trip to enron . unfortunately , the  flight setup for tomorrow is way too early for me as i ' ll have to miss over  4 hours of classes , which i cannot afford to do . i tried changing the time  with continental and there latest flight leaves at 6 pm - which does not work  for me ( smack in the middle of my 3 hour class )  thus the dilemma that i find myself in is the following :  a . try a different flight as i can make any flight after 7 : 30 pm ( however , i  have no control over reservations / budget etc )  b . as it is possible to delay travel upto 1 year , use this ticket to come  some other time  sorry for this but i just saw the bookings today .  any suggestions ?  thanks ,  jaideep",0,houston trip hi jaideep first suggestion come houston scheduled arranged wharton nearly weeks ago alternatively rely tiger teammates gather information necessary respond project circumstances lead decide come trip please return ticket issued make sense visit enron time future discuss arrangements time hope see soon christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect jaideep singh pm cc subject houston trip hello christie thank organizing wharton trip enron unfortunately flight setup tomorrow way early miss hours classes afford tried changing time continental latest flight leaves pm work smack middle hour class thus dilemma find following try different flight make flight pm however control reservations budget etc b possible delay travel upto year use ticket come time sorry saw bookings today suggestions thanks jaideep
"Subject: re : confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge  u . - urgent  i ' d love to . it ' d be good to get to know lenos .  cheers ,  steve  vince j kaminski  04 / 20 / 2000 02 : 09 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge  u . - urgent  steve ,  are you interested in speaking at this conference ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 20 / 2000  08 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lenos trigeorgis on 04 / 19 / 2000 05 : 32 : 27 pm  to : "" vince j kaminski ""  cc :  subject : re : confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge  u . - urgent  vince  can you please check with steve leppard and ask him to confirm , and send to  me his position and title of his talk ( if different from yours ) ?  thanks very much again  lenos  at 05 : 14 _ _ 04 / 19 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote :  >  >  > lenos ,  >  > my busy schedule does not allow me to attend .  >  > i would like , however , to recommend my colleague who works  > in london , steve leppard .  > he can make a very interesting and original presentation on real options .  > please , let me know what you think .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > lenos trigeorgis on 04 / 18 / 2000 09 : 29 : 18 pm  >  > to : lenos . trigeorgis @ rogroup . com  > cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  > subject : confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge  > u . - urgent  >  >  >  > the attached file contains the tentative program for two back - to - back real  > options conferences ( a professional one for july 5 - 6 , and the standard  > annual academic one for july 7 - 8 ) at cambridge u .  >  > your name has been provisionally included on the program . please check all  > the information relating to you and confirm your participation as listed  > ( or advice us of desired changes immediately ) .  >  > thank you .  >  > lenos  >  >  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ drive _ e \ eudora \ attach \ 4 thconfsessionsl 2 . doc ""  >  >  > lenos trigeorgis  > professor of finance  > university of cyprus  > dept of business  > 75 kallipoleos , po box 20537  > cy 1678 nicosia cyprus  >  > tel : + 357 2 892261  > fax : 339063  >  >  >  lenos trigeorgis  professor of finance  university of cyprus  dept of business  75 kallipoleos , po box 20537  cy 1678 nicosia cyprus  tel : + 357 2 892261  fax : 339063",0,confirm participation real options conference cambridge u urgent love good get know lenos cheers steve vince j kaminski pm steven leppard lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject confirm participation real options conference cambridge u urgent steve interested speaking conference vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect lenos trigeorgis pm vince j kaminski cc subject confirm participation real options conference cambridge u urgent vince please check steve leppard ask confirm send position title talk different thanks much lenos wrote lenos busy schedule allow attend would like however recommend colleague works london steve leppard make interesting original presentation real options please let know think vince lenos trigeorgis pm lenos trigeorgis rogroup com cc bcc vince j kaminski hou ect subject confirm participation real options conference cambridge u urgent attached file contains tentative program two back back real options conferences professional one july standard annual academic one july cambridge u name provisionally included program please check information relating confirm participation listed advice us desired changes immediately thank lenos attachment converted c drive e eudora attach thconfsessionsl doc lenos trigeorgis professor finance university cyprus dept business kallipoleos po box cy nicosia cyprus tel fax lenos trigeorgis professor finance university cyprus dept business kallipoleos po box cy nicosia cyprus tel fax
"Subject: institute of international finance - annual subscription  robert johnston has asked me to charge vince ' s department for 1 / 3 of the cost  of the annual subscription to iif . the annual cost is $ 47 k . therefore the  cost for 1 / 3 is $ 15 , 666 . 67 . this information is for maureen raymond ' s use .  i will be happy to process the invoice for payment but in order for me to do  so , i will need the proper coding for vince ' s department .  please let me know if you are agreeable to this . if you have questions , you  may wish to contact robert johnston directly at 3 - 9934 .  thanks ,  sharon  5 - 7212",0,institute international finance annual subscription robert johnston asked charge vince department cost annual subscription iif annual cost k therefore cost information maureen raymond use happy process invoice payment order need proper coding vince department please let know agreeable questions may wish contact robert johnston directly thanks sharon
Subject: cvs of candidates for rac support role  these three guys will all be available for interview monday afternoon .  regards  ben,0,cvs candidates rac support role three guys available interview monday afternoon regards ben
"Subject: your june stats  it ' s absolutely true . you will get emails like  this very soon .  quickly , send me an email and you will  get real com . miss . ion emails with this  subject line and a big , big comm _ ission  pa . yments from all the bus _ inesses you  pro _ mote .  to pro . ve it , for a limit / ed per _ iod i will  give . you 10 sign _ ups ( that will p . a . y . to  j . o . i . n . your bus . in . ess ) and i will not ask  you for a sin . gle cent / penny to get you  star - ted . use these to gen _ erate an  in . stant in . com _ e .  only the first 10 replies get 10 paid _  signups .  then sitback & watch the _ sign _ ups  join _ you inst _ antly in their droves and  without you having to do much _ at all .  at the end of march you will get  comm _ ission state _ ments showing that  you have ear . ned tens _ of thou _ s _ ands  of doll _ ars from your existing bus . . iness .  oppo . rtun . it . ies .  miss . this and def _ in . it . ely missout on  the ea - sie . st and fas . test mo . ney that  you will ever ma . ke from your bu . sin _ ess  opp . or - tuni . ty  email me on earnbigmoney @ tiscali . co . uk  please put "" yes "" in the subject line .  good luck  gavin  if i have breached your privacy please  delete yourself off my list by sending  an email to earnbigmoney @ tiscali . co . uk  with "" d "" in the subject line .",1,june stats absolutely true get emails like soon quickly send email get real com miss ion emails subject line big big comm ission pa yments bus inesses pro mote pro limit ed per iod give sign ups p j n bus ess ask sin gle cent penny get star ted use gen erate stant com e first replies get paid signups sitback watch sign ups join inst antly droves without much end march get comm ission state ments showing ear ned tens thou ands doll ars existing bus iness oppo rtun ies miss def ely missout ea sie st fas test mo ney ever ke bu sin ess opp tuni ty email earnbigmoney tiscali co uk please put yes subject line good luck gavin breached privacy please delete list sending email earnbigmoney tiscali co uk subject line
"Subject: credit risk model comments - at this point .  comments from rick jones on the credit reserve model . anita dupont is setting  up a meet with rick jones to discuss these . vince & bill - if you want to  join the meeting , please let me or anita know .  regards ,  krishna .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  04 / 11 / 2001 09 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  richard b jones @ ees  04 / 10 / 2001 04 : 16 pm  to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : credit risk model comments - at this point .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard b jones / hou / ees on 04 / 10 / 2001  04 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  richard b jones  03 / 23 / 2001 05 : 53 pm  to : cheryl lipshutz / hou / ees @ ees , trushar patel / corp / enron @ enron ,  michelle . wenz @ enron . com , gayle muench / enron @ enronxgate , jeremy  blachman / hou / ees @ ees  cc :  subject : credit risk model comments - at this point .  hi everyone ,  i have run the model and , along with the contract briefs i have some  questions the number of trials , numerical roundoff , and random number  generator randomness statistical properties . the first two are not a problem  in this application but the last one could be . has anyone examined the effect  of using different random number generators on enron  , s aggregate credit risk ?  7 ) there is one last point here . for most of the above points , the "" improved ""  analysis could make the credit risk be higher .  rick",0,credit risk model comments point comments rick jones credit reserve model anita dupont setting meet rick jones discuss vince bill want join meeting please let anita know regards krishna forwarded pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect richard b jones ees pm pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect cc subject credit risk model comments point forwarded richard b jones hou ees pm richard b jones pm cheryl lipshutz hou ees ees trushar patel corp enron enron michelle wenz enron com gayle muench enron enronxgate jeremy blachman hou ees ees cc subject credit risk model comments point hi everyone run model along contract briefs questions number trials numerical roundoff random number generator randomness statistical properties first two problem application last one could anyone examined effect using different random number generators enron aggregate credit risk one last point points improved analysis could make credit risk higher rick
"Subject: amr research preview information  vince ,  feel free to use this username and password to surf around the amrresearch site  ken  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth parkhill / na / enron on 04 / 12 / 2001 01 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  webmaster @ www . amrresearch . com ( craig mackay ) on 04 / 11 / 2001 05 : 34 : 08 pm  to : kenneth parkhill  cc :  subject : amr research preview information  the following is your user name and password for an amr research preview account .  username : parkhilll 51647  password : remain  the preview section will give you access to the executive summaries section and the presentation library . if you have any questions about amr research , please email info @ amrresearch . com or call ( 617 ) 542 - 6600 .  to access the preview section , please go to the following url .  http : / / www . amrresearch . com / members",0,amr research preview information vince feel free use username password surf around amrresearch site ken forwarded kenneth parkhill na enron pm webmaster www amrresearch com craig mackay pm kenneth parkhill cc subject amr research preview information following user name password amr research preview account username parkhilll password remain preview section give access executive summaries section presentation library questions amr research please email info amrresearch com call access preview section please go following url http www amrresearch com members
"Subject: this summer ' s houston visits  richard has agreed to pay for matt ' s visit , so here ' s the schedule so far :  kirstee all of july , all of september . ( kirstee ' s personal commitments mean  she needs to be in the uk for august . )  ben all of october . ( no crossover with kirstee , ensures var / credit cover  in london office . )  steve 2 - 3 weeks in july , first 3 weeks of september .  ( no crossover with matt , ensures power cover in london office . )  matt a couple of weeks in august . ( preferably the hottest ones . )  anjam to be arranged at anjam and houston ' s mutual convenience .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 04 / 28 / 2000  04 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  steven leppard  04 / 28 / 2000 10 : 15 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , benjamin parsons / lon / ect @ ect , kirstee  hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , steven  leppard / lon / ect @ ect  subject : this summer ' s houston visits  vince , dale  here are our proposals for houston visits from our group :  kirstee all of july , all of september . ( kirstee ' s personal commitments mean  she needs to be in the uk for august . )  ben all of october . ( no crossover with kirstee , ensures var / credit cover  in london office . )  steve 2 - 3 weeks in july , first 3 weeks of september .  anjam to be arranged at anjam and houston ' s mutual convenience .  matt not a permanent research group member . i ' m asking richard ' s group to  pay for his visit , probably in august .  steve",0,summer houston visits richard agreed pay matt visit schedule far kirstee july september kirstee personal commitments mean needs uk august ben october crossover kirstee ensures var credit cover london office steve weeks july first weeks september crossover matt ensures power cover london office matt couple weeks august preferably hottest ones anjam arranged anjam houston mutual convenience forwarded steven leppard lon ect pm steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect cc anjam ahmad lon ect ect benjamin parsons lon ect ect kirstee hewitt lon ect ect matthew williams lon ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect subject summer houston visits vince dale proposals houston visits group kirstee july september kirstee personal commitments mean needs uk august ben october crossover kirstee ensures var credit cover london office steve weeks july first weeks september anjam arranged anjam houston mutual convenience matt permanent research group member asking richard group pay visit probably august steve
"Subject: re : workshop  helyette ,  i shall be glad to join you .  vince  gemanix @ aol . com on 02 / 12 / 2000 11 : 27 : 56 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : workshop  dear vince ,  i would be delighted if you agreed to share with me  a one - day workshop before a major icbi conference  in berlin , on june 19 . the topics would be similar ; we  may add real options . could you answer me before  tuesday ?  kind regards  helyette",0,workshop helyette shall glad join vince gemanix aol com vkamins enron com cc subject workshop dear vince would delighted agreed share one day workshop major icbi conference berlin june topics would similar may add real options could answer tuesday kind regards helyette
"Subject: re : your visit with vince kaminski - enron corp . research  dear mr . fujita :  i will be glad to make the dinner arrangements . i will make reservations at  the "" latour d ' argent "" restaurant located at 2011 ella blvd at t . c . jester .  for 6 : 30 pm on the 17 th . they do require a coat .  i believe most of the cabs will know where it is - but just in case :  "" take i - 45 north to 610 east , go to the ella blvd exit and turn left ( back  under the freeway ) on ella blvd . go to 2011 ella blvd . ( on the right ) . ""  look forward to having you at enron .  thank you .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290  masayuki fujita on 04 / 05 / 2000 11 : 44 : 48 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : your visit with vince kaminski - enron corp . research  dear ms . crenshaw :  we are very glad to see professor kaminski has taken our proposal to have  a dinner on  17 th . i would like to take your very kind offer to arrange the place to have  dinner . we  are now arranging to stay four seasons hotel . it is just a second time to  visit houston  and we will not have a car , but may use a taxi between hotel and restaurant .  please give  us a recommendations . i wonder if four seasons have a good one .  best regards ,  masayuki fujita  principal financial engineer  financial technologies section  mitsubishi research institute , inc .  3 - 6 otemachi 2 - chome , chiyoda - ku  tokyo 100 - 8141  japan  tel + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0582  fax + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0521  > dear mr . fujita :  >  > professor kaminski will be delighted to have dinner with you and your  > colleague mr . yamada . i have put you on his calendar at 3 : 00 pm . with  > dinner to follow in early evening .  >  > please let me know if you would like me to make dinner reservations  > for you .  >  > sincerely ,  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron corp . research group  > 713 / 853 - 5290",0,visit vince kaminski enron corp research dear mr fujita glad make dinner arrangements make reservations latour argent restaurant located ella blvd c jester pm th require coat believe cabs know case take north east go ella blvd exit turn left back freeway ella blvd go ella blvd right look forward enron thank sincerely shirley crenshaw masayuki fujita shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject visit vince kaminski enron corp research dear ms crenshaw glad see professor kaminski taken proposal dinner th would like take kind offer arrange place dinner arranging stay four seasons hotel second time visit houston car may use taxi hotel restaurant please give us recommendations wonder four seasons good one best regards masayuki fujita principal financial engineer financial technologies section mitsubishi research institute inc otemachi chome chiyoda ku tokyo japan tel fax dear mr fujita professor kaminski delighted dinner colleague mr yamada put calendar pm dinner follow early evening please let know would like make dinner reservations sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research group
"Subject: re : enron / stanford program  nick ,  i spoke with paul racicot , head of trading for ebs , north america this  morning . he said that he is happy to send the $ 100 , 000 for your program  from his budget . i have forwarded to him the draft letter to accompany the  funds and will try to follow up to make sure that the money is sent promptly .  - - stinson",0,enron stanford program nick spoke paul racicot head trading ebs north america morning said happy send program budget forwarded draft letter accompany funds try follow make sure money sent promptly stinson
"Subject: re : sddp  vince  many thanks for you help with this - look forward to receiving the info on  sddp .  kind regards ,  john",0,sddp vince many thanks help look forward receiving info sddp kind regards john
"Subject: re : move research employee from one location to another on the 19 th  floor  shirley ,  your request has been scheduled for march 23 rd .  erica : )  shirley crenshaw  03 / 17 / 2000 12 : 16 pm  to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , william  smith / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron  subject : move research employee from one location to another on the 19 th floor  hello all :  attached is a churn request to move clayton vernon from ebl 943 to ebl 952 .  he will need 3 boxes and labels delivered to his ebl 943 location , a few  days before you schedule his move .  if you need any other information , please let me know .  thanks and have a great weekend !",0,move research employee one location another th floor shirley request scheduled march rd erica shirley crenshaw pm move team epsc hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect william smith corp enron enron kevin g moore hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect clayton vernon corp enron enron subject move research employee one location another th floor hello attached churn request move clayton vernon ebl ebl need boxes labels delivered ebl location days schedule move need information please let know thanks great weekend
"Subject: pjm two - settlement & market - based regulation market trials announ  ced  message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at  pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com :  pjm two - settlement & market - based regulation market trials  pjm will be conducting two - settlement and regulation market trials in  preparation for the implementation of its two - settlement and regulation  markets  on june 1 , 2000 . the market trials are designed to provide pjm market  participants the opportunity to submit generation offers , regulation offers ,  demand bids ( fixed and price - sensitive ) , increment offers , and decrement bids  using pjm emkt . pjm will clear the markets and provide the ability for pjm  market participants to view two - settlement and regulation market results using  pjm emkt .  pjm will conduct three sets of market trials . the first and second trials will  be conducted on april 19 and on april 27 . the final market trials will be  conducted on business days between may 15 and may 24 , 2000 .  all pjm market participants are eligible to participate in the market trials  for  two - settlement and regulation and must register in advance .  register now ! ! ! ! ( http : / / www . pjm . com / twoset / form _ twoset _ reg . html )  details of the market trails are described in the attached document .  >  - 2 g 3 dol ! . doc  questions may be directed to pjm customer service at ( 610 ) 666 - 8980 .  to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com  containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail :  unsubscribe pjm - customer - info",0,pjm two settlement market based regulation market trials announ ced message sent pjm customer info mailing list pjm customer info majordomo pjm com pjm two settlement market based regulation market trials pjm conducting two settlement regulation market trials preparation implementation two settlement regulation markets june market trials designed provide pjm market participants opportunity submit generation offers regulation offers demand bids fixed price sensitive increment offers decrement bids using pjm emkt pjm clear markets provide ability pjm market participants view two settlement regulation market results using pjm emkt pjm conduct three sets market trials first second trials conducted april april final market trials conducted business days may may pjm market participants eligible participate market trials two settlement regulation must register advance register http www pjm com twoset form twoset reg html details market trails described attached document g dol doc questions may directed pjm customer service unsubscribe list send e mail majordomo majordomo pjm com containing following line body e mail unsubscribe pjm customer info
"Subject: re : ( no subject )  jana ,  "" cotton mary "" sounds good . it ' s a film by ismail merchant who collaborated  on "" a room with a view "" , "" howard ' s view "" , and other well known movies .  it ' s a story about two anglo - indian sisters .  vince  jlpnymex @ aol . com on 04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 02 : 45 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : ( no subject )  vince ,  the angelika has several movies that would be good . i am familiar with all  but one - - "" cotton mary . "" do you know anything about it ?  if you still haven ' t seen "" american beauty "" , that is fine with us . just let  me know what sounds good to you . we are flexible when it comes to movies .  jana",0,subject jana cotton mary sounds good film ismail merchant collaborated room view howard view well known movies story two anglo indian sisters vince jlpnymex aol com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject subject vince angelika several movies would good familiar one cotton mary know anything still seen american beauty fine us let know sounds good flexible comes movies jana
"Subject: telephone interview with enron corp . research  good morning amyn :  the enron corp . research group would like to conduct a telephone  interview with you at your convenience . this will be as a "" summer  intern "" with the research group .  please let me know your availability on monday , may lst or thursday ;  may 4 th .  the persons who will be interviewing you are :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  krishna krishnarao director  osman sezgen manager  i look forward to hearing from you .  thank you and have a great day  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  713 - 852 - 5290",0,telephone interview enron corp research good morning amyn enron corp research group would like conduct telephone interview convenience summer intern research group please let know availability monday may lst thursday may th persons interviewing vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president krishna krishnarao director osman sezgen manager look forward hearing thank great day shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator
Subject: ljm pricing  vince :  here are the files for pricing the deal without and with credit risk :  1 ) without credit risk :  2 ) with credit risk : ( two factor model )  talk to you tomorrow 1 : 00 pm .  thanks .  paulo issler,0,ljm pricing vince files pricing deal without credit risk without credit risk credit risk two factor model talk tomorrow pm thanks paulo issler
"Subject: interview schedule for alex tartakouski  attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .  the interview will happen wednesday , november 29 , 2000 . please print all  three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or  conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  liz alvarado  58714",0,interview schedule alex tartakouski attached please find interview packet referenced person interview happen wednesday november please print three documents hard copies questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact liz alvarado
"Subject: apr 20 - wharton - final agenda  michael ,  vince and i appreciate your keeping us involved with this event . good luck  and we hope to see you soon !  - best !  christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 18 / 2001  04 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  michael tomczyk on 04 / 18 / 2001 02 : 54 : 00 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com , christie _ patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : apr 20 - wharton - final agenda  vince and christie ,  i know you are unable to attend this week ' s event at wharton but i thought  you would like to see the final agenda , and i also wanted to remind you that  about a week or so after the event we will post a summary of presentations  and discussion insights on our website : ? http : / / emertech . wharton . upenn . edu .  in addition to senior wharton faculty and colleagues , senior managers from  the following companies will be attending : ? charles schwab , cybersource ,  ellacoya networks , glaxosmithkline , gmac , healthnetworks . com ,  hewlett - packard , infosys , ibm , nsa , omnichoice , philadelphia newspapers , and  usinternetworking .  best regards ,  michael  managing strategic partnerships & acquisitions ?  friday april 20 , 2001 - - 8 : 30 am to 400 pm  location - room 1206 steinberg - dietrich hall - wharton school - philadelphia  final agenda ?  managing strategic partnerships  an insight - building conference including new wharton research on  best practices and successful strategies for achieving corporate  growth through alliances , mergers and acquisitions .  friday , april 20 , 2001 - 8 : 00 to 4 : 00  1206 steinberg - dietrich hall , wharton school  presented for our industry partners and guests by the  emerging technologies management research program ,  mack center on managing technological innovation  agenda & conference topics  8 : 00 - 8 : 30 ? - ? continental breakfast and informal networking  8 : 30 - 8 : 45  introduction : strategic partnering for growth and innovation  harbir singh , wharton  8 : 45 - 9 : 30 ? - networking , partnerships & strategy  lori rosenkopf , wharton  9 : 30 - 11 : 00 ? - success and failure factors in strategic partnering  todd horst , usinternetworking  tim george , pfizer  dave daetz , cybersource  11 : 00 - 11 : 15 ? - break  11 : 15 - 11 : 40 ? - building partnering skills and capabilities  prashant kale , university of michigan  11 : 40 - 12 : 00 ? - successes & failures in strategic outsourcing : some initial  findings  howard perlmutter , wharton  12 : 00 - 1 : 30 ? working lunch - strategic partnering as a core competency  paul j . h . schoemaker and roch parayre , wharton  1 : 30 - 1 : 45 ? - mapping social networks : applications to strategic partnering  ruhul quddus , wharton  1 : 45 - 2 : 30 ? - small group reports  paul j . h . schoemaker & roch parayre , wharton  2 : 30 - 2 : 45 ? - break  2 : 45 - 3 : 45 ? - managing high technology acquisitions  phanish puranam , wharton  walt vester & harry hirschman , wharton  kerri ford , wharton  3 : 45 - 4 : 00 ? - summary of key insights and future research goals  harbir singh , wharton  4 : 00 - adjourn  - -  michael s . tomczyk  managing director  emerging technologies management research program  1400 sh - dh / 6371  the wharton school  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371  tel 215 - 573 - 7722  fax 215 - 573 - 2129  website : ? http : / / emertech . wharton . upenn . edu",0,apr wharton final agenda michael vince appreciate keeping us involved event good luck hope see soon best christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm michael tomczyk pm vkamins enron com christie patrick enron com cc subject apr wharton final agenda vince christie know unable attend week event wharton thought would like see final agenda also wanted remind week event post summary presentations discussion insights website http emertech wharton upenn edu addition senior wharton faculty colleagues senior managers following companies attending charles schwab cybersource ellacoya networks glaxosmithkline gmac healthnetworks com hewlett packard infosys ibm nsa omnichoice philadelphia newspapers usinternetworking best regards michael managing strategic partnerships acquisitions friday april pm location room steinberg dietrich hall wharton school philadelphia final agenda managing strategic partnerships insight building conference including new wharton research best practices successful strategies achieving corporate growth alliances mergers acquisitions friday april steinberg dietrich hall wharton school presented industry partners guests emerging technologies management research program mack center managing technological innovation agenda conference topics continental breakfast informal networking introduction strategic partnering growth innovation harbir singh wharton networking partnerships strategy lori rosenkopf wharton success failure factors strategic partnering todd horst usinternetworking tim george pfizer dave daetz cybersource break building partnering skills capabilities prashant kale university michigan successes failures strategic outsourcing initial findings howard perlmutter wharton working lunch strategic partnering core competency paul j h schoemaker roch parayre wharton mapping social networks applications strategic partnering ruhul quddus wharton small group reports paul j h schoemaker roch parayre wharton break managing high technology acquisitions phanish puranam wharton walt vester harry hirschman wharton kerri ford wharton summary key insights future research goals harbir singh wharton adjourn michael tomczyk managing director emerging technologies management research program sh dh wharton school philadelphia pa tel fax website http emertech wharton upenn edu
"Subject: the expertfinder is here ! !  introducing expertfinder . the expertfinder enables you to identify critical  skills and mobilize enron ' s intellectual capital . by utilizing this powerful  intranet search engine , you can locate people within the enron community by  organization structure , skills , reporting relationships , languages , school  attended , and prior work experience .  to access expertfinder go to https : / expertfinder . enron . com on the enron  intranet . expertfinder is only as good as the data stored in it . does your  data or the data for your business unit need updating ? go to  ehronline . enron . com or home . enron . co . uk / home . asp ( london only ) to update your  data today . view changes in expertfinder tomorrow !  due to the sensitivity of this data , we are initially previewing this tool to  only managing directors & above , as well as key people in the hr community .  we want your feedback on how expertfinder can be further enhanced . try it  out and give us your thoughts by sending an email to expertfinder @ enron . com !  finally , you will have the opportunity to work with your hr leaders to review  and expand the template that is used to store the types of skills that are  relevant for your business . if you want to be able to search on certain  criteria , let us know and the template will be updated immediately .  got information ? we provide the tool , expertfinder . enron . com , you provide  the data , ehronline . enron . com .  theexpertfinderand ehronline - helping to empower you !",0,expertfinder introducing expertfinder expertfinder enables identify critical skills mobilize enron intellectual capital utilizing powerful intranet search engine locate people within enron community organization structure skills reporting relationships languages school attended prior work experience access expertfinder go https expertfinder enron com enron intranet expertfinder good data stored data data business unit need updating go ehronline enron com home enron co uk home asp london update data today view changes expertfinder tomorrow due sensitivity data initially previewing tool managing directors well key people hr community want feedback expertfinder enhanced try give us thoughts sending email expertfinder enron com finally opportunity work hr leaders review expand template used store types skills relevant business want able search certain criteria let us know template updated immediately got information provide tool expertfinder enron com provide data ehronline enron com theexpertfinderand ehronline helping empower
"Subject: re : our workshop  helyette ,  sorry for not getting back to you earlier .  my schedule was quite crazy over the last few days .  i shall be in london on sunday meeting my group for dinner at 7 : 30 . can i  call you around  6 : 00 - 6 : 30 ?  vince  p . s . you can send a reply to my aol address .  vince  gemanix @ aol . com on 09 / 29 / 2000 11 : 27 : 51 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : our workshop  dear vince ,  our workshop has already 20 registered delegates ,  which is very good given the french power situation .  moreover , french people tend to be fairly educated  and we should coordinate a little bit .  i am leaving in 30 minutes for 2 days . can we talk on sunday  at 7 or 8 p . m my time ? my 2 numbers will be  33 1 46040110 or 33 6 08074200  alex would agree to speak for a while as we did in francfort .  karla sent me a proposal for the escrow problem . i had a  further question in your direction regarding "" system support "" .  karla , as you know , would kindly like to wrap up the contract  before moving to a new department and i will do my very  best to satisfy her wish and your feasible requests .  kind regards  helyette",0,workshop helyette sorry getting back earlier schedule quite crazy last days shall london sunday meeting group dinner call around vince p send reply aol address vince gemanix aol com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject workshop dear vince workshop already registered delegates good given french power situation moreover french people tend fairly educated coordinate little bit leaving minutes days talk sunday p time numbers alex would agree speak francfort karla sent proposal escrow problem question direction regarding system support karla know would kindly like wrap contract moving new department best satisfy wish feasible requests kind regards helyette
"Subject: "" henwood ' s rationalizing midwest power markets for the future ""  workshops  henwood announces a major new release and functional realignment of its  trading solutions software  henwood energy services , inc . ( henwood ) recently announced a major new  release of its trading and  scheduling software , and the overall realignment of its energy trading and  risk management functions into a  new , strategic lineup of products . henwood  , s established etrm and  webscheduler enerprise software  products have been re - launched into physical trading ( webscheduler ) , trade  capture and settlements  ( trademanager ) , and risk management functions ( riskreporter ) , with greatly  expanded capabilities to  more strategically meet the needs of the rapidly changing energy markets  throughout north america . the  release of the new webscheduler ( version 5 . 0 ) , combines a new henwood  scheduling version with  henwood  , s nerc tagging and iso communication functions to create a  comprehensive physical  management system .  "" the release of the version 5 webscheduler marks an exciting day , both for  henwood and for energy  companies responsible for managing financial and physical energy transactions  across north america , ""  explained derek porter , vice president - software products . "" our new product  version release and overall  product realignment clearly shows henwood  , s dedication to meet the trading  needs of today and anticipate  the challenges of tomorrow . ""  the new webscheduler is a comprehensive physical management product that  allows energy organizations  to manage physical trading issues from creation through delivery . the  software enables traders , schedulers  and other energy professionals to conduct their business of physical  scheduling , iso coordination , and  settlement in one seamless operation . some of the new features include :  - real - time price and volume change log  - standard ramp assignments  - dynamic view and form configuration for commodity volume management  - enhancements to scheduling view management  - new commodity volume management system  - show prices  - on - peak / off - peak definition  - running totals  - enhanced back - to - back / bookout function  - enhanced sub - hour function  - schedule summary page with copy function  - quicktrade capability  - grid copy / paste and export functions  henwood is offering training courses for the rollout of the physical trading  application , scheduled  throughout may in both sacramento and atlanta . dates are currently scheduled  for may 2 - 3 , 2001 in  atlanta , and may 23 - 24 , 2001 in sacramento . space is limited , so please sign  up early .  henwood offers integrated business solutions , strategic consulting , and  innovative  ebusiness applications to meet the challenges of the restructured energy  markets throughout north  america , australasia , and europe , serving clients that include eight of the  ten top utilities in north  america , in addition to energy services providers and power marketers . for  more information about  henwood  , s trading and risk management applications , please contact derek  porter at 916 - 569 - 0985  ( email : dporter @ hesinet . com ) . additional information about henwood can be  obtained by visiting  www . hesinet . com .",0,henwood rationalizing midwest power markets future workshops henwood announces major new release functional realignment trading solutions software henwood energy services inc henwood recently announced major new release trading scheduling software overall realignment energy trading risk management functions new strategic lineup products henwood established etrm webscheduler enerprise software products launched physical trading webscheduler trade capture settlements trademanager risk management functions riskreporter greatly expanded capabilities strategically meet needs rapidly changing energy markets throughout north america release new webscheduler version combines new henwood scheduling version henwood nerc tagging iso communication functions create comprehensive physical management system release version webscheduler marks exciting day henwood energy companies responsible managing financial physical energy transactions across north america explained derek porter vice president software products new product version release overall product realignment clearly shows henwood dedication meet trading needs today anticipate challenges tomorrow new webscheduler comprehensive physical management product allows energy organizations manage physical trading issues creation delivery software enables traders schedulers energy professionals conduct business physical scheduling iso coordination settlement one seamless operation new features include real time price volume change log standard ramp assignments dynamic view form configuration commodity volume management enhancements scheduling view management new commodity volume management system show prices peak peak definition running totals enhanced back back bookout function enhanced sub hour function schedule summary page copy function quicktrade capability grid copy paste export functions henwood offering training courses rollout physical trading application scheduled throughout may sacramento atlanta dates currently scheduled may atlanta may sacramento space limited please sign early henwood offers integrated business solutions strategic consulting innovative ebusiness applications meet challenges restructured energy markets throughout north america australasia europe serving clients include eight ten top utilities north america addition energy services providers power marketers information henwood trading risk management applications please contact derek porter email dporter hesinet com additional information henwood obtained visiting www hesinet com
"Subject: invitations to presentation only  hi christie ,  when do you sleep ? 2 am , ugh !  ok , you were correct , my invitation was to those people within enron that the students talked with before interviewing competitors , and it was an invitation to the presentation only . i didn ' t think any of them would be invited to the dinner , and probably none will even come to the presentation . the invitation did elicit one request for the final report though , so maybe it wasn ' t a complete waste .  i didn ' t realize that the dinner had turned into a box visit . that sounds great . i wish the group could have made it to dinner before the first game , that would have made the whole slumming experience better . now they ' ll get the royal treatment at enron field . it ' ll be great .  vince invited 4 people from rice :  dennis w . loughridge , director of energy consortium ; lounghrid @ rice . edu  carrie miller , director of mba program ; cmiller @ rice . edu  deborah barrett , inst . communications , barrett @ rice . edu  dr . wil uecker , associate dean for executive education , uecker @ rice . edu  loughridge wrote back saying he ' ll come , i don ' t know about the others  here are the 6 students emails :  "" ritwik \ ( ronnie \ ) ghosh "" , "" ivy ghose "" , "" luigi calabrese "" , "" pravas sud "" , "" syed \ ( farhan \ ) iqbal ""  your 2 from rice makes a total of 12 from rice , i guess  let me know if you would like me to do anything else related to monday  look forward to seeing you then  ken",0,invitations presentation hi christie sleep ugh ok correct invitation people within enron students talked interviewing competitors invitation presentation think would invited dinner probably none even come presentation invitation elicit one request final report though maybe complete waste realize dinner turned box visit sounds great wish group could made dinner first game would made whole slumming experience better get royal treatment enron field great vince invited people rice dennis w loughridge director energy consortium lounghrid rice edu carrie miller director mba program cmiller rice edu deborah barrett inst communications barrett rice edu dr wil uecker associate dean executive education uecker rice edu loughridge wrote back saying come know others students emails ritwik ronnie ghosh ivy ghose luigi calabrese pravas sud syed farhan iqbal rice makes total rice guess let know would like anything else related monday look forward seeing ken
"Subject: internship opportunities  dear mr . kaminski ,  i have found the enrononline project a very interesting one and have enjoyed  working with everyone in the research department as well as those from other  departments . i am keenly interested in this area and was wondering if there  would be any summer internship opportunities . i have attached my resume to  this mail for your review and look forward to hearing from you soon .  thank you  ivy ghose  rice mba 2002  - resume . doc",0,internship opportunities dear mr kaminski found enrononline project interesting one enjoyed working everyone research department well departments keenly interested area wondering would summer internship opportunities attached resume mail review look forward hearing soon thank ivy ghose rice mba resume doc
"Subject: congratulations  congratulations on your official designation as a poohbah ! just goes to show  you , smart guys can finish first also .  mark",0,congratulations congratulations official designation poohbah goes show smart guys finish first also mark
"Subject: cigarettes wholesale ! hywwzzlzd  $ 19 . 95 and up ! buy cartons of cigarettes wholesale , starting at $ 19 . 95 .  free shipping !  why pay state taxes ? 100 % legal . mailed from swiss bonded warehouse . for  personal use only , must be 18 years of age and older , verified by credit  card .  aol users click here  to be removed from future mailings , reply to this email with remove in the subject line .",1,cigarettes wholesale hywwzzlzd buy cartons cigarettes wholesale starting free shipping pay state taxes legal mailed swiss bonded warehouse personal use must years age older verified credit card aol users click removed future mailings reply email remove subject line
"Subject: ljm  vince / stinson :  the following is an update on ljm deal :  1 ) i participated on a conference call with aa ( jitendra and others ) and our  accounting / credit group ( wes , bill bradford and others ) yesturday , in which  we discussed the best approach for definining credit reserves at year - end for  the puts we own .  2 ) a big chunck of the meeting was dedicated to explain aa the details of the  deal . little progress was made on achieving the meeting ' s goal .  3 ) apparently , accounting did want to expose the calculation we made for puts  value that considers credit risk - the two factor model we developed . that  line of action was implied on a pre - meeting we had early that morning . from  my understanding , accounting argues that we should not make any credit  reserve because we could not liquidate our position by year - end .  4 ) at a certain point jintendra suggested me to use a two factor  mc - simulation for calculating the position with credit risk . the approach is  actually a more simplified version of the model we have . i and nobody  mentioned the results we got from our 2 - factor model .  5 ) at that same afternoon i knew from accounting that we are in a process of  unwinding our position .  these are the main points . please let me know if need more details .  paulo issler",0,ljm vince stinson following update ljm deal participated conference call aa jitendra others accounting credit group wes bill bradford others yesturday discussed best approach definining credit reserves year end puts big chunck meeting dedicated explain aa details deal little progress made achieving meeting goal apparently accounting want expose calculation made puts value considers credit risk two factor model developed line action implied pre meeting early morning understanding accounting argues make credit reserve could liquidate position year end certain point jintendra suggested use two factor mc simulation calculating position credit risk approach actually simplified version model nobody mentioned results got factor model afternoon knew accounting process unwinding position main points please let know need details paulo issler
"Subject: collaborative effort  vince : i am very enthusiastic about your interest and possible  contributions towards a 22 nd century human blood system . i have  attached a letter that discusses the endeavor . please note that it has  a built - in automatic release in the event you need to terminate . it has  a confidentiality statement as well . if it is acceptable , please sign  it and fax it back to me at 713 965 2114 at your earliest convenience .  al arfsten  - kaminski acceptance 011601 . doc",0,collaborative effort vince enthusiastic interest possible contributions towards nd century human blood system attached letter discusses endeavor please note built automatic release event need terminate confidentiality statement well acceptable please sign fax back earliest convenience al arfsten kaminski acceptance doc
"Subject: 70 percent off your life insurance get a free quote instantly .  question :  are you paying too much for life insurance ?  most  likely the answer is yes !  here ' s why . fact . . . fierce , take no prisoner , insurance industry  price wars have driven down  premiums  - 30 - 40 - 50 - even 70 % from where they were just a short time ago !  that ' s why your insurance company doesn ' t want you to read this . . .  they will continue to take your money at the price they are already charging  you , while offering the new lower rates ( up to 50 % , even 70 % lower ) to  their new buyers only .  but , don ' t take our word for it . . . click  hereand request a free online quote . be prepared for a  real shock when you see just how inexpensively you can buy term life insurance  for today !  removal  instructions : this message is sent in compliance with the proposed bill  section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . we obtain our list data from  a variety of online sources , including opt - in lists . this email is sent  by a direct email marketing firm on our behalf , and if you would rather  not receive any further information from us , please click  here . in this way , you can instantly opt - out from the list  your email address was obtained from , whether this was an opt - in  or otherwise . please accept our apologies if this message has reached you  in error . please allow 5 - 10 business days for your email address to be removed  from all lists in our control . meanwhile , simply delete any duplicate emails  that you may receive and rest assured that your request to be taken off  this list will be honored . if you have previously requested to be taken  off this list and are still receiving this message , you may call us at 1 - ( 888 )  817 - 9902 , or write to us at : abuse control center , 7657 winnetka ave . , canoga  park , ca 91306 ",1,percent life insurance get free quote instantly question paying much life insurance likely answer yes fact fierce take prisoner insurance industry price wars driven premiums even short time ago insurance company want read continue take money price already charging offering new lower rates even lower new buyers take word click hereand request free online quote prepared real shock see inexpensively buy term life insurance today removal instructions message sent compliance proposed bill section paragraph c obtain list data variety online sources including opt lists email sent direct email marketing firm behalf would rather receive information us please click way instantly opt list email address obtained whether opt otherwise please accept apologies message reached error please allow business days email address removed lists control meanwhile simply delete duplicate emails may receive rest assured request taken list honored previously requested taken list still receiving message may call us write us abuse control center winnetka ave canoga park ca
Subject: next eprm article  hi vince  the next article is due by the end of the week - apologies for the lateness .  could you have a look at the attached draft and let us have your comments in  the next couple of days .  thanks  les .  - eprm _ 08 _ analytical _ pricing . zip,0,next eprm article hi vince next article due end week apologies lateness could look attached draft let us comments next couple days thanks les eprm analytical pricing zip
"Subject: re : enron exotica options library  patrick ,  we have those two models in the exotica library . you need to add exotica . xll  located in o : \ research \ exotica \ xll to your excel before you can use the  functions .  you can find the documentation in o : \ research \ exotica \ doc .  example spreadsheets can be found in o : \ research \ exotica \ .  the precedure of addin is as follows .  1 ) clik tools / addin on your excel  2 ) choose browse and got to o : \ research \ exotica \ xll  3 ) select exotica . xll or its identical copy exotical . xll  4 ) answer the question "" copy . . . "" no .  5 ) click ok , then you should see exotica menu bar pop up .  if you have any more questions please let me know .  zimin  vince j kaminski  11 / 21 / 2000 08 : 06 am  to : patrick markey / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enron exotica options library  patrick ,  please , contact zimin lu , 713 853 6388 .  vince  patrick markey  11 / 21 / 2000 05 : 15 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : patrick markey / hou / ect @ ect  subject : enron exotica options library  vince ,  i am trying to price a crack spread option utilizing either of the following  models in the exotica library :  1 . spread options by 1 - d integration - sprdopt  2 . spread options on asian spreads - asnsprd  how do i get access to these options models ? who can i visit with in the  houston group if i have any questions regarding the models . your help would  be greatly appreciated . i am located in singapore , so i would probably be  visiting with the houston personnel via e - mail .  thanks ,  pat markey  p . s . - i have access to the o : \ research \ exotica \ xll \ xll _ templates \ directory ;  however , there are no macros associated with the programs that i can find .  also , i don ' t have access to the m : drive . please let me know where to find  these options models .",0,enron exotica options library patrick two models exotica library need add exotica xll located research exotica xll excel use functions find documentation research exotica doc example spreadsheets found research exotica precedure addin follows clik tools addin excel choose browse got research exotica xll select exotica xll identical copy exotical xll answer question copy click ok see exotica menu bar pop questions please let know zimin vince j kaminski patrick markey hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect subject enron exotica options library patrick please contact zimin lu vince patrick markey vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc patrick markey hou ect ect subject enron exotica options library vince trying price crack spread option utilizing either following models exotica library spread options integration sprdopt spread options asian spreads asnsprd get access options models visit houston group questions regarding models help would greatly appreciated located singapore would probably visiting houston personnel via e mail thanks pat markey p access research exotica xll xll templates directory however macros associated programs find also access drive please let know find options models
"Subject: super saturday iv interviews  thank you for volunteering to participate in the interview process of the  january 15 associate super saturday . our team is working on the weekend  arrangements and will deliver your information packet to you thursday ,  january 15 . if you have any questions , please let elizabeth boudreaux know  at x 3 - 6176 .  thank you !  ginger gamble  manager  associate & analyst program",0,super saturday iv interviews thank volunteering participate interview process january associate super saturday team working weekend arrangements deliver information packet thursday january questions please let elizabeth boudreaux know x thank ginger gamble manager associate analyst program
"Subject: re : seminar series mug  barbara , i think you make valid points in your e - mail . the latest design you  sent me looks fine and meets with our approval . thanks .  marge  barbara ostdiek on 08 / 17 / 2000 04 : 10 : 44 pm  to : "" marge nadasky ""  cc :  subject : re : seminar series mug  at 03 : 58 pm 8 / 17 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote :  > barbara , vince kaminski had forwarded me the artwork for the mug being  > worked on  > for the seminar series for review / comment . we in public relations were  > wondering if you might be able to incorporate the enron logo in the design ?  > could you please contact me and advise if this is possible ?  we tried to use both the enron logo and the rice university seal . it just  didn ' t work . there seemed to be a few problems . the first was color - as  is , the mug will be black with metallic gold text ; introducing the other  colors was distracting . our admissions department uses a black and gold  mug that is quite stunning and , it seems to go with "" finance . "" that was my  motivation . the second problem was that the logos themselves , even if it  made sense to do them in gold , made the design too busy - a lot of the  appeal in these "" word "" mugs is the clean , linear look . finally , i think  lack of company and competing business school logos increases the chances  that the academics who come to present their work at our workshop will  display this mug on their desk or on their shelves .  i think the mug will look quite stunning and i think the display of finance  terms will make it an interesting conversion piece - i ' ve never seen  anything like it in academics , let alone in finance . i think enron ' s  sponsorship of the seminar series will get noticed when people follow their  interest in the mugs to say "" what is this ? where ' d this come from ? ""  i ' m hoping this version will be acceptable to you for our first shot at  this . please advise .  barbara ostdiek",0,seminar series mug barbara think make valid points e mail latest design sent looks fine meets approval thanks marge barbara ostdiek pm marge nadasky cc subject seminar series mug pm wrote barbara vince kaminski forwarded artwork mug worked seminar series review comment public relations wondering might able incorporate enron logo design could please contact advise possible tried use enron logo rice university seal work seemed problems first color mug black metallic gold text introducing colors distracting admissions department uses black gold mug quite stunning seems go finance motivation second problem logos even made sense gold made design busy lot appeal word mugs clean linear look finally think lack company competing business school logos increases chances academics come present work workshop display mug desk shelves think mug look quite stunning think display finance terms make interesting conversion piece never seen anything like academics let alone finance think enron sponsorship seminar series get noticed people follow interest mugs say come hoping version acceptable first shot please advise barbara ostdiek
"Subject: london fyi research weather link  vince -  fyi  research ' s customer base growing by the hour !  - mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001  10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : stephen bennett @ enron 04 / 10 / 2001 09 : 02 am  to : annette harris / lon / ect @ ect  cc : tony hamilton / eu / enron @ enron , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose  marquez / corp / enron @ enron  subject : research weather link  http : / / enaresearch . corp . enron . com /  from here - there is a drop down menu at the top left . the "" weather "" tab -  "" main weather page "" is the full support site for the houston gas traders .  look under the "" european weather "" tab "" main europe weather "" page for what  we ' ve started doing here . let us know how we can build this to better meet  your needs . . .  steve  stephen bennett  senior meteorologist  enron research  london through april 27 : ext - 34761",0,london fyi research weather link vince fyi research customer base growing hour mike forwarded mike roberts hou ect enron north america corp stephen bennett enron annette harris lon ect ect cc tony hamilton eu enron enron mike roberts hou ect ect jose marquez corp enron enron subject research weather link http enaresearch corp enron com drop menu top left weather tab main weather page full support site houston gas traders look european weather tab main europe weather page started let us know build better meet needs steve stephen bennett senior meteorologist enron research london april ext
"Subject: working at home this afternoon  i will be working from my home this afternoon after 1 : 30 pm . my extension will be forwarded to my home . if i happen to be away from the phone taking care of my mother , leave a message and i will return your call immediately . there is a generic message on my home phone , "" please leave message after tone "" , so don ' t worry that you have the wrong number . you may reach me by email at adupont @ pdq . net . in the next several days , i will be set up to dial in and you will be able to use my regualr enron email address . i will be at my desk most days , but until we have mother settled in the rehab facility there may be some days or afternoons that i will be working at home . please do not hesitate to contact me if you need meetings set up or any other thing that you would normally request of me . thanks . anita",0,working home afternoon working home afternoon pm extension forwarded home happen away phone taking care mother leave message return call immediately generic message home phone please leave message tone worry wrong number may reach email adupont pdq net next several days set dial able use regualr enron email address desk days mother settled rehab facility may days afternoons working home please hesitate contact need meetings set thing would normally request thanks anita
"Subject: goodd offr  how to save on your lengthy medlcations over 70 % .  ph snaggy armshop - successfull and proven way to sa surcingle ve your saddlefast money .  saddlebow v  a annulary g  a conveyance l  thirteen lu  survival l  r ceremonious a psychology cl  i airworthiness s overlaid val  collie m  andmanyother .  bes hurdling t prlces .  worldwide shlpp gossamer lng .  easy o counterblow rder form .  total confidentiaiit president y .  250 , 000 satis cellarage fied customers .  order today and sav overweening e !",1,goodd offr save lengthy medlcations ph snaggy armshop successfull proven way sa surcingle saddlefast money saddlebow v annulary g conveyance l thirteen lu survival l r ceremonious psychology cl airworthiness overlaid val collie andmanyother bes hurdling prlces worldwide shlpp gossamer lng easy counterblow rder form total confidentiaiit president satis cellarage fied customers order today sav overweening e
"Subject: job spec for junior quant  hi dale ,  please see the job spec that i plan to get posted on the enron europe  internet site - please could you review before i hand over to hr ?  thanks ,  anjam",0,job spec junior quant hi dale please see job spec plan get posted enron europe internet site please could review hand hr thanks anjam
"Subject: business intent  dear sir ,  i am stanley woodwork , the secetary of africa white farmers  co - operation ( awfc ) of zimbabwe . after the last general elections in my country where the incumbent president mr . robert mugabe won the presidential election , the  government has adopted a very aggressive land reforms programme . this programme is solely aimed at taking the land owned by white african farmers for redistribution to black africans . this programme has attracted worldwide  condemnation from world leaders including british prime minister , mr tony blair and also forced several white farmers to flee the country for fear of  victimization and physical abuse .  two weeks ago , our headquartes in harare was attacked and  looted by black protesters and in the process burnt down the whole building . fortunately , they did not get access to the huge funds kept in the strong room which  belong to the co - operation . this cash was kept at the secretariat rather than in the bank for fear of seizure by the government .  now i have the funds in my possession and would need to get it invested in a viable business venture in europe . the cash in question is us $ 46 million dollars .  once i can get your commitment and sincerity of investing  this funds on our behalf then i would proceed to get the funds freighted to europe , where you would be required to pick it up for investment for us .  you do not have anything to worry about as i would undertake all charges involved in freighting the funds to europe , and the business proposal is 100 % legal and risk free .  you would be adequately compensated for all your effort once we have gotten the funds to europe .  please get back to me if you can be of assistance and i would want our correspondence to be via email as most phone lines of white farmers are bugged by the government .  i expect 100 % confidentiality and your prompt response to  this mail so as to proceed . you may also reach me on stanleywoodwork @ email . com  kind regards ,  stanley woodwork .",1,business intent dear sir stanley woodwork secetary africa white farmers co operation awfc zimbabwe last general elections country incumbent president mr robert mugabe presidential election government adopted aggressive land reforms programme programme solely aimed taking land owned white african farmers redistribution black africans programme attracted worldwide condemnation world leaders including british prime minister mr tony blair also forced several white farmers flee country fear victimization physical abuse two weeks ago headquartes harare attacked looted black protesters process burnt whole building fortunately get access huge funds kept strong room belong co operation cash kept secretariat rather bank fear seizure government funds possession would need get invested viable business venture europe cash question us million dollars get commitment sincerity investing funds behalf would proceed get funds freighted europe would required pick investment us anything worry would undertake charges involved freighting funds europe business proposal legal risk free would adequately compensated effort gotten funds europe please get back assistance would want correspondence via email phone lines white farmers bugged government expect confidentiality prompt response mail proceed may also reach stanleywoodwork email com kind regards stanley woodwork
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at mx 3 . seanet . ro .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 )  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 31261 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 20 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo nsl . seanet . ro ) ( 192 . 168 . 136 . 2 )  by 0 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 19 - 0000  received : ( qmail 3573 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 19 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 211 . 245 . 27 . 66 )  by nsl . seanet . ro with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 18 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38191017 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : distmetkarmetkar @ seanet . ro  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program mx seanet ro afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work sorry mailbox name line copy message return path received qmail invoked network jul received unknown helo nsl seanet ro smtp jul received qmail invoked network jul received unknown helo mailwisconsin com nsl seanet ro smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo distmetkarmetkar seanet ro user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices startinq per dose unbelivable
"Subject: meeting with mr . sud  vince / stinson ,  i met with rebecca mcdonald , and introduced her to mr . sud on saturday .  the meeting went on quite well , and mr . sud repeated the point he had made to  me regarding ntpc buying the power . he did not ask for any consulting or  other contract , but said that he would try to help .  rebecca seemed happy with the meeting , but i do not know whether she has a  plan in mind going forward .  i can give you more details of the meeting if anyone is interested . i do  believe that mr . sud is well connected in india .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,meeting mr sud vince stinson met rebecca mcdonald introduced mr sud saturday meeting went quite well mr sud repeated point made regarding ntpc buying power ask consulting contract said would try help rebecca seemed happy meeting know whether plan mind going forward give details meeting anyone interested believe mr sud well connected india regards sandeep
"Subject: fx curve for rupee  harry :  i am krishna , just visiting our bombay office . can you send the rupee / us $  forward curve ( upto atleast 2005 ) to this address asap ? we are working on a  deal for which we need this urgently . i will be back in houston next week and  can talk to you in more detail then . if you need to call here the # is  91 - 022 - 8239856 ( ask for rajesh sivaraman ) .  thanks ,  krishna .",0,fx curve rupee harry krishna visiting bombay office send rupee us forward curve upto atleast address asap working deal need urgently back houston next week talk detail need call ask rajesh sivaraman thanks krishna
"Subject: re : presentation  david ,  i am leaving for vacation this weekend and i haven ' t received the copy of  your presentation yet .  the window during which i could make changes to my presentation is closing  very fast . let ' s  do the following : i shall keep my presentation as is ( this means that i shall  use the copy of my  presentation i sent to dawn scovill and you this week ) . if there is an  overlap between our presentations , so be it .  dawn , please use the copy of my presentation i sent you earlier this week .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000  04 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 16 / 2000 08 : 02 am  to : "" dawn scovill "" @ enron  cc : sobotkad @ kochind . com , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : presentation  dawn ,  i met david sobotka from koch this morning and we talked about coordinating  our presentations .  this means there will be changes intended to avoid overlaps . sorry for that .  the portions of my presentation  will survive ( those about valuation paradigms ) and i shall add a few more  pages on accounting treatment of weather derivatives  plus more specific examples . david will cover primarily market evolution +  plus examples of some  standard structures , and we shall both give more interesting examples of  specific deals executed by our companies .  i shall send you an updated version of my part next week . let me know what  the deadline is .  vince  "" dawn scovill "" on 03 / 14 / 2000 07 : 53 : 47 am  to : "" vince j kaminski ""  cc :  subject : re : presentation  thanks - - would you like me to include these in the conference book ? or do  you anticipate changes ?  dawn  from : dawn scovill , conference coordinator  "" powerful new ideas 2000 ""  dawn @ perfectmeeting . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to :  cc : shirley crenshaw ; vince j kaminski  ; vince j kaminski  sent : monday , march 13 , 2000 1 : 56 pm  subject : presentation  >  >  > dawn ,  >  > i am sending you an electronic version of my presentation .  >  > vince kaminski  >  > ( see attached file : fplo 400 . ppt )  >",0,presentation david leaving vacation weekend received copy presentation yet window could make changes presentation closing fast let following shall keep presentation means shall use copy presentation sent dawn scovill week overlap presentations dawn please use copy presentation sent earlier week vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski dawn scovill enron cc sobotkad kochind com vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject presentation dawn met david sobotka koch morning talked coordinating presentations means changes intended avoid overlaps sorry portions presentation survive valuation paradigms shall add pages accounting treatment weather derivatives plus specific examples david cover primarily market evolution plus examples standard structures shall give interesting examples specific deals executed companies shall send updated version part next week let know deadline vince dawn scovill vince j kaminski cc subject presentation thanks would like include conference book anticipate changes dawn dawn scovill conference coordinator powerful new ideas dawn perfectmeeting com original message vince j kaminski cc shirley crenshaw vince j kaminski vince j kaminski sent monday march pm subject presentation dawn sending electronic version presentation vince kaminski see attached file fplo ppt
"Subject: * free real estate info ! *  great news webmaster ,  finally - a foreclosure tycoon reveals his most closely guarded secrets !  for the first time ever , we are proud to bring you foreclosure ' s most closely guarded secrets - a complete , turn - key system to either owning your own home or making a fortune in foreclosure real estate without tenants , headaches and bankers .  free information for a revolutionary brand - new approach to show you exactly how to buy a foreclosure or make a fortune in foreclosure real estate in today ' s market .  are you ready to take advantage of this amazing information ?  webmaster , take this first step to improving your life in the next 2 minutes !  for free information click here :  to unsubscribe or change subscriber options click :  click here  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,free real estate info great news webmaster finally foreclosure tycoon reveals closely guarded secrets first time ever proud bring foreclosure closely guarded secrets complete turn key system either owning home making fortune foreclosure real estate without tenants headaches bankers free information revolutionary brand new approach show exactly buy foreclosure make fortune foreclosure real estate today market ready take advantage amazing information webmaster take first step improving life next minutes free information click unsubscribe change subscriber options click click sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: excelleent news  how halving to save on your medlcations over 70 % .  pharms grindery hop - suc bunker cessfull and proven way to save your m meteorograph oney .  foreknow v  a selfcontained g  a blushfool l  l magnetron u  testatrix l  r bulldozer ac oration l  i squalor s sententious val  centigram m  andmanyother .  best p dexterity rlces .  wo arrogance rldwide shlpplng .  easy o astragalus rder form .  total co picturebook nfidentiaiity .  250 , 000 satisfied customers frowsy .  or aggregation der today and save !",1,excelleent news halving save medlcations pharms grindery hop suc bunker cessfull proven way save meteorograph oney foreknow v selfcontained g blushfool l l magnetron u testatrix l r bulldozer ac oration l squalor sententious val centigram andmanyother best p dexterity rlces wo arrogance rldwide shlpplng easy astragalus rder form total co picturebook nfidentiaiity satisfied customers frowsy aggregation der today save
"Subject: less time , less effort but better sav . ings on alleviations .  requiring better energy to face the challenge from daily life ? feel lovv and  weary from time to time ?  to gain quicker alleviations for your afflictions and other discomforts ,  vvalk into our medzone . and knovv how to lessen the expenses on medz supply .  our quality generics will certainly m . eet your needs for quality curatives  and greater value . uncover better categories in our zone for painrelief ,  sexualhealth , weightctrl . , highcholesterin , sleepingdisorders and others .  our collection will make sav . ving on medicaments simpler .  http : / / 0 . aonp . yoyoforsheerjoy . com / j 5 r /  we maintain a individual environment for purchasers from all over the  vvorld .  nce - i do not say it la "" a surgeon ! "" said anne . . with emotion .  sted long , but it has bee n - when i have asked myse . lf the question , wou  he caught the word ; it seemed to rouse him at once , and saying only - -  ld it have been better for li 1 ttle em ' ly to have had the wa 7 ters close  above her head that morn",1,less time less effort better sav ings alleviations requiring better energy face challenge daily life feel lovv weary time time gain quicker alleviations afflictions discomforts vvalk medzone knovv lessen expenses medz supply quality generics certainly eet needs quality curatives greater value uncover better categories zone painrelief sexualhealth weightctrl highcholesterin sleepingdisorders others collection make sav ving medicaments simpler http aonp yoyoforsheerjoy com j r maintain individual environment purchasers vvorld nce say la surgeon said anne emotion sted long bee n asked myse lf question wou caught word seemed rouse saying ld better li ttle em ly wa ters close head morn
"Subject: re : visiting enron may 4 th  susan ,  thanks . it makes sense to call christie and  explain the objectives of your visit in may .  vince  "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 14 : 10 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence , hillh @ stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu  subject : visiting enron may 4 th  dear vince ,  this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us  on may 4 th .  i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my  assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for  scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to  meet with christie patrick as well .  looking forward to meeting you ,  susan  at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > susan ,  >  > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the  > 4 th .  > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to  > set up the meeting .  >  > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to  > coordinate enron ' s  > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is  > christie patrick .  > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall  > coordinate the meeting  > on may the 4 th with her .  >  > vince  >  >  > additional information re christie :  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117  >  > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  >  >  >  >  >  > "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : visit from stanford ?  >  >  > dear dr . kaminski ,  >  > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations  > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am  > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies  > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions .  >  > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with  > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for  > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip  > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the  > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to  > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday ,  > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip  > planning .  >  > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship  > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities  > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best  > points of contact .  >  > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability ,  >  > sincerely ,  > susan hansen  >  >  >  >  > susan c . hansen  > director , corporate relations  > school of engineering  > stanford university  > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219  susan c . hansen  director , corporate relations  school of engineering  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  ( 650 ) 725 - 4219",0,visiting enron may th susan thanks makes sense call christie explain objectives visit may vince susan c hansen pm vince j kaminski enron com cc clovell stanford edu donna lawrence hillh stanford edu bambos stanford edu subject visiting enron may th dear vince great news donna delighted time see us may th office next week copy email assistant carol lovell ask get touch shirley scheduling well directions meet glad meet christie patrick well looking forward meeting susan pm wrote susan thank message shall glad meet may th shall ask assistant shirley crenshaw call set meeting also information recently set special unit coordinate enron relationships universities person running unit christie patrick please feel free contact give name reference shall coordinate meeting may th vince additional information christie phone email christie patrick enron com susan c hansen pm vkamins enron com cc subject visit stanford dear dr kaminski let briefly introduce director corporate relations school engineering stanford university role always watch ways bring faculty together companies appetite engagement top tier research institutions believe know hill huntington senior researcher stanford energy modeling forum suggested get touch ideas contacts enron process planning trip texas early may along colleague donna lawrence university director corporate relations hoping able include stop enron itinerary right appears friday may th would work best us beginning trip planning purpose visit would review current relationship enron stanford give overview current priorities school engineering ask help identifying best points contact look forward hearing availability sincerely susan hansen susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca
"Subject: patricia tlapek  brad ,  as per our previous discussions , vince wanted me to give you the background  on our request to bring patricia tlapek into the research group at the very  top end of the manager group . the justification for this was not only her  extraordinary performance in setting up our technical analysis section but  also our reliance on her to build this group and expand its scope .  this memo is in response to your request today to document our reasoning .  this past year patricia was extremely successful in building internal  clientele for her products and recommendations - she is now widely relied on  by gas , power , crude and equity marketers , as well as traders from the  calgary office . in addition , she developed and presented seminars to bring  traders up to speed on techniques in technical analysis .  also this last year patricia built and populates daily the research group ' s  intranet site on technical analysis .  as a crowning achievement ( but just the beginning ) , patricia was given the  authority to actually trade natural gas as jeff shankman , managing director ,  authorized her book for technical analysis trading .  currently , we are proceeding with the expansion of her group personnel - wise  and she is agressively working to gain authority from other groups to trade  live books on other energy commodities and energy - related equities .  for these reasons , we want to peg patricia ' s salary at the top of the pay  scale .  thanks for expediting this effort .  - - - mike",0,patricia tlapek brad per previous discussions vince wanted give background request bring patricia tlapek research group top end manager group justification extraordinary performance setting technical analysis section also reliance build group expand scope memo response request today document reasoning past year patricia extremely successful building internal clientele products recommendations widely relied gas power crude equity marketers well traders calgary office addition developed presented seminars bring traders speed techniques technical analysis also last year patricia built populates daily research group intranet site technical analysis crowning achievement beginning patricia given authority actually trade natural gas jeff shankman managing director authorized book technical analysis trading currently proceeding expansion group personnel wise agressively working gain authority groups trade live books energy commodities energy related equities reasons want peg patricia salary top pay scale thanks expediting effort mike
"Subject: candlestick charts  fyi fallout  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : sue neville / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 02 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate , kent miller / et & s / enron @ enron  subject : candlestick charts  mike ,  i work for enron transportation and storage in their storage marketing group . my group has been using technical analysis from your website to help make daily storage trading revenue decisions . on your web site , you indicated you would be discontinueing some of the information we use . we had interviewed external technical service profiders , and chose not to buy their service because we had your information available to us to help us make financial decisions . specifically , we need the candlestick charts and analysis on natural gas , and we also need the elliot wave analysis on natural gas .  can you please reconsider your decision to discontinue the technical analysis data aforementioned ?  sue neville  director , storage marketing  ets",0,candlestick charts fyi fallout forwarded mike roberts hou ect pm sue neville enron enronxgate pm mike roberts hou ect ect cc lee ferrell enron enronxgate kent miller et enron enron subject candlestick charts mike work enron transportation storage storage marketing group group using technical analysis website help make daily storage trading revenue decisions web site indicated would discontinueing information use interviewed external technical service profiders chose buy service information available us help us make financial decisions specifically need candlestick charts analysis natural gas also need elliot wave analysis natural gas please reconsider decision discontinue technical analysis data aforementioned sue neville director storage marketing ets
"Subject: earn 20 times your peers  asset marketing systems  is the insurance industry ' s fastest  growing field marketing organization over the past four years .  this year we ' ll place $ 1 . 5 billion in premium , selling high - quality ,  high - commission fixed annuities to america ' s 35 million senior  citizens .  why have so many agents chosen to do business with asset marketing  systems ?  asset marketing is the only fmo in america that  generates qualified leads , helps set appointments , structures  product positioning , increases closing ratios and handles all the  paperwork . . . at absolutely no cost to the agent !  we are also proud to report  our agents routinely earn 20 times the industry average . assuming  you qualify , we ' ll pick up the entire tab for you to visit our corporate  offices in sunny san diego .  ready to join the best ? call susan at  or e - mail jennifer at jennifer @ . com  or  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  we  do not want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this  is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to  be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead ,  go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,earn times peers asset marketing systems insurance industry fastest growing field marketing organization past four years year place billion premium selling high quality high commission fixed annuities america million senior citizens many agents chosen business asset marketing systems asset marketing fmo america generates qualified leads helps set appointments structures product positioning increases closing ratios handles paperwork absolutely cost agent also proud report agents routinely earn times industry average assuming qualify pick entire tab visit corporate offices sunny san diego ready join best call susan e mail jennifer jennifer com please fill form information name e mail phone city state want anyone receive mailings wish professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: best product for 2002  copy dvd movies ?  yes ! copy and burn your own dvd  movies and video with a cd - r drive .  * order by september 21 , 2002 , and receive the following free gifts !  1 . "" free dvd movie of your choice ( $ 20 . 00 value )  2 . cell phone battery booster ( $ 19 . 95 value )  own all the dvd ' s you ' ve always wanted  and start burning today !  .  click here now ! ",1,best product copy dvd movies yes copy burn dvd movies video cd r drive order september receive following free gifts free dvd movie choice value cell phone battery booster value dvd always wanted start burning today click
"Subject: re : green card  vince ,  thanks for initiating this information flow . i think the confusion is coming  from the question of if an fl can apply for green card or not . to my  knowledge and to the knowledge of international student services in my  university , yes i can apply . anyway , thanks again and i am sure we ' ll find a  good answer for this question since here is enron .  sevil ,  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sevil yaman / corp / enron on 03 / 09 / 2001  10 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 08 / 2001 06 : 31 pm  to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : green card  sevil ,  i believe you and margret daffin have spoken about the next steps for your  green card . you will need to start working on you hib at the begining of  october 2001 .  if there is any confusion on my part please let me know .  norma villarreal  x 31545  below is dicussion between margret daffin and sevil in an e : mail january 26 ,  2001 :  "" sevil : first of all we have to get you an hib visa before we can work on  getting you the green card .  after you get your opt , contact me sometime in the summer and i will start  working on your hib visa which we will obtain in approx . october , 2001 . we  cannot start the green card process when you are still on an fl visa - you  have to be on an hib visa . there is no rush - you will have six years on the  hib visa - plenty of time in which to get the green card . ""  this was in reference to her note to me , as follows :  "" i think i ' ll have time approximately until the end of 2002 by using cpt and  opt . this makes almost two years . if we can start green card process now , do  you think that i would get it before i need hl . in every case , can ' t we start  green card before i get hl ? because i don ' t want to waste these two years  given the fact that green card process is a long process . ""  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : yaman , sevil  sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 3 : 59 pm  to : daffin , margaret  cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ enron  subject : green card  i haven ' t heard back from any of you regarding my immigration status . could  you please get back to me with the information about the initialization of my  green card process ? thank you .  sevil yaman  eb 1943  x 58083",0,green card vince thanks initiating information flow think confusion coming question fl apply green card knowledge knowledge international student services university yes apply anyway thanks sure find good answer question since enron sevil forwarded sevil yaman corp enron norma villarreal enron enronxgate pm sevil yaman corp enron enron margaret daffin hou ect ect cc norma villarreal hou ect enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject green card sevil believe margret daffin spoken next steps green card need start working hib begining october confusion part please let know norma villarreal x dicussion margret daffin sevil e mail january sevil first get hib visa work getting green card get opt contact sometime summer start working hib visa obtain approx october start green card process still fl visa hib visa rush six years hib visa plenty time get green card reference note follows think time approximately end using cpt opt makes almost two years start green card process think would get need hl every case start green card get hl want waste two years given fact green card process long process original message yaman sevil sent thursday march pm daffin margaret cc norma villarreal hou ect enron subject green card heard back regarding immigration status could please get back information initialization green card process thank sevil yaman eb x
"Subject: fw : meeting follow - up  dan sent this information as a follow up to our meeting this week . if there  is any additional information you would like to see , please let me know .  in the absense of any objections , i would like to begin having our analysts  use the financial stress score to underwrite small exposures where financial  statements are not received . in addtion to saving some expense , this will  allow greater consistentency . and moving forward , i believe we can map  expected defaults from fstress score ranges to those implied in credit  spreads , and in doing so map to e - ratings for use in credit reserve  analytics . i ' ve had prelimiary discussions with rabi and amititava regarding  this .  any additional insights would be helpful , and thanks for your help .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : "" barry , dan "" @ enron  on . com ]  sent : thursday , march 15 , 2001 10 : 26 am  to : mark _ wilson @ enron . com  cc : marcom , karen ; johnson , judy  subject : meeting follow - up  mark ,  attached are a presentation on the financial stress score and the countries  that have risk scores available today . please let me know if you have any  questions .  in response vince ' s question regarding false positives from the model , that  is a little difficult to answer . the model is predicting the likelihood of  a company experiencing financial distress . we are not saying that all  companies with a high risk score will experience financial distress . in  other words , it is not really a yes or no proposition . it ' not like a drug  test where the test either comes back positive or negative and ocassionally ,  you get a false positive test result . we are identifying companies that are  at high risk for failure . some of those high risk companies will fail and  some will not fail . how many in each classification that will ultimately  fail is addressed in the performance charts attached below .  please let me know if you have any other questions or need any additional  information .  dan barry  dun & bradstreet  analytical services  barryd @ dnb . com  phone ( 713 ) 953 - 5458  fax ( 713 ) 953 - 5454  > > >  >  - enron fss . ppt  - globalfailure . ppt  - fin stress understanding . doc  - fss performance . doc",0,fw meeting follow dan sent information follow meeting week additional information would like see please let know absense objections would like begin analysts use financial stress score underwrite small exposures financial statements received addtion saving expense allow greater consistentency moving forward believe map expected defaults fstress score ranges implied credit spreads map e ratings use credit reserve analytics prelimiary discussions rabi amititava regarding additional insights would helpful thanks help original message barry dan enron com sent thursday march mark wilson enron com cc marcom karen johnson judy subject meeting follow mark attached presentation financial stress score countries risk scores available today please let know questions response vince question regarding false positives model little difficult answer model predicting likelihood company experiencing financial distress saying companies high risk score experience financial distress words really yes proposition like drug test test either comes back positive negative ocassionally get false positive test result identifying companies high risk failure high risk companies fail fail many classification ultimately fail addressed performance charts attached please let know questions need additional information dan barry dun bradstreet analytical services barryd dnb com phone fax enron fss ppt globalfailure ppt fin stress understanding doc fss performance doc
"Subject: re : ca for henwood engagement  i suspect that enron india llc would be the entity to use . however , is  anyone from tax involved in this ? if not , we need to get someone in the  loop .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  lauren hagerty  enron india / ebs asia  three allen center , room 2119  houston , texas 77002  phone : 713 - 646 - 6529  fax : 713 - 646 - 7549  bonnie nelson  01 / 19 / 2001 11 : 54 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , bruce  lundstrom / enron _ development @ enron _ development , lauren  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep  subject : re : ca for henwood engagement  stinson ,  please find attached a revised version of the draft consulting agreement with  henwood . fyi , i am attaching both a clean version and one marked toshow  changes from the last draft i sent you . please let me know if you have any  questions or comments on the agreement or the most recent changes .  what is the status of henwood ? do you still want to engage them and what is  the timeframe for their work ( the dates in the draft may need to be  corrected ) .  bruce and lauren : please advise on which enron entity should be the party to  this consulting agreement .  thanks , bonnie",0,ca henwood engagement suspect enron india llc would entity use however anyone tax involved need get someone loop lauren hagerty enron india ebs asia three allen center room houston texas phone fax bonnie nelson stinson gibner hou ect ect bruce lundstrom enron development enron development lauren cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect sandeep subject ca henwood engagement stinson please find attached revised version draft consulting agreement henwood fyi attaching clean version one marked toshow changes last draft sent please let know questions comments agreement recent changes status henwood still want engage timeframe work dates draft may need corrected bruce lauren please advise enron entity party consulting agreement thanks bonnie
"Subject: re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  bernard ,  yes , i can read a dvi file . you can also cc  my home address : vkaminski @ aol . com . i shall  try to send you an answer to your question on weekend .  vince  "" murphy , bernard "" on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 18 : 58 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  vince ,  i can send you a scientific word dvi file ( at the weekend ) if you can read  scientific word files ? the dissertation hasn ' t been reviewed by les or the  external yet - although its been at forc for 2 months . i think that the  empirical chapter is probably the one which would be of most relevance to  both our company ' s businesses - although i ultimately didn ' t have the time  to ' explicitly ' price the jump risk - premium which i conjectured is possibly  implicit in the prices of exchange - traded electricity futures - options -  rather i developed an implicit estimation procedure which will enable a  rough assessment ( with a little bit of further work , but not too much ) be  made of the price of jump risk in wholesale power markets .  in other words , i assumed spot jump - risk to be undiversifiable , and  essentially devoted 2 theoretical chapters to :  1 ) proving that a jump - diffusion trading model is "" incomplete "" ( synthesising  the securities markets framework with martingale representation theory ) -  note that i did not assume that markets could be dynamically completed with  ' term structure ' securities as in the hjm w / jumps papers of shirakawa and  das and ;  2 ) deriving an explicit risk - adjustment process for ' implementing ' the price  of jump - risk using a jump - diffusion marginal indirect utility of wealth  process ( ie . a jump - augmented production economy approach in the spirit of  cir , bates , ahn whereas in the latter the driftless forward supposition  means that i have to capture mean - reversion via the futures volatility  function , and jumps are less easy to calibrate . any suggestions ?  regards  bernard  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 01 march 2001 14 : 54  to : murphy , bernard  cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  bernard ,  i am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a  reprint .  i would be glad to take a look at your dissertation . is it available as a  publication , working paper ?  vince  "" murphy , bernard "" on 03 / 01 / 2001 02 : 17 : 39 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  hello vince ,  my name is bernard murphy - i received your e - mail address from les  clewlow ,  who was my phd supervisor at the financia options research centre at  warwick  business school . i ' ve just finished my phd on electricity price jump  diffusions : a theoretical and empirical study in incomplete markets -  hence my interest in electricity price modelling and derivative pricing . i  was looking to get hold of a copy of your 1997 paper , which has recently  come to my attention :  "" the challenge of pricing & risk - managing electricity derivatives "" , the us  power market , risk publications , pp . 149 - 171 .  and les suggested that i contact you directly ( les is travelling at present  and doesn ' t have an electronic copy available ) to request an e - copy .  incidentally , i am lecturer in finance / financial mathematics at  university  of limerick ( ireland ) and have taken a year out to work for caminus uk ,  where i am working on introducing and developing a markets - based approach  ( spark - spread ) to real asset valuations in the uk power industry .  thanks in advancve  bernard murphy",0,risk paper pricing electricity derivatives bernard yes read dvi file also cc home address vkaminski aol com shall try send answer question weekend vince murphy bernard vince j kaminski enron com cc subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives vince send scientific word dvi file weekend read scientific word files dissertation reviewed les external yet although forc months think empirical chapter probably one would relevance company businesses although ultimately time explicitly price jump risk premium conjectured possibly implicit prices exchange traded electricity futures options rather developed implicit estimation procedure enable rough assessment little bit work much made price jump risk wholesale power markets words assumed spot jump risk undiversifiable essentially devoted theoretical chapters proving jump diffusion trading model incomplete synthesising securities markets framework martingale representation theory note assume markets could dynamically completed term structure securities hjm w jumps papers shirakawa das deriving explicit risk adjustment process implementing price jump risk using jump diffusion marginal indirect utility wealth process ie jump augmented production economy approach spirit cir bates ahn whereas latter driftless forward supposition means capture mean reversion via futures volatility function jumps less easy calibrate suggestions regards bernard original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent march murphy bernard cc shirley crenshaw enron com vince j kaminski enron com subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives bernard forwarding message assistant mail reprint would glad take look dissertation available publication working paper vince murphy bernard vince j kaminski enron com cc subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives hello vince name bernard murphy received e mail address les clewlow phd supervisor financia options research centre warwick business school finished phd electricity price jump diffusions theoretical empirical study incomplete markets hence interest electricity price modelling derivative pricing looking get hold copy paper recently come attention challenge pricing risk managing electricity derivatives us power market risk publications pp les suggested contact directly les travelling present electronic copy available request e copy incidentally lecturer finance financial mathematics university limerick ireland taken year work caminus uk working introducing developing markets based approach spark spread real asset valuations uk power industry thanks advancve bernard murphy
Subject: just to her . . .  your message to tjvs @ remgro . com  has been blocked . should it be business related forward this message to helpdesk @ commsco . com for immediate release .  message id : t 723 b 9 cb 981 acl 04 aobeb 98  rule triggered : spam files,1,message tjvs remgro com blocked business related forward message helpdesk commsco com immediate release message id b cb acl aobeb rule triggered spam files
"Subject: re : power crisis in the west  tim belden ' s office referred me to you . has grant masson been replaced ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , november 06 , 2000 11 : 00 am  to : niam @ infocastinc . com  subject : re : power crisis in the west  nia ,  please , contact tim belden in our portland office .  his phone number is : ( 503 ) 464 - 3820  vince  nia mansell on 11 / 03 / 2000 12 : 46 : 52 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : power crisis in the west  dear vince ,  i spoke with you briefly yesterday regarding grant masson . you informed me  that he is no longer an enron employee . i have also been informed that  grant has not yet been replaced .  i am inquiring because infocast would like to have an enron representative  speak at an upcoming conference entitled "" power crisis in the west : status  it is certainly  going to be an exciting conference due to all of the controversy  surrounding  the situation in san diego .  kind regards ,  nia mansell  infocast  conference manager  ( 818 ) 888 - 4445 ext . 45  ( 818 ) 888 - 4440 fax  niam @ . com  >  ( see attached file : power crisis in the west invite . doc )",0,power crisis west tim belden office referred grant masson replaced original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday november niam infocastinc com subject power crisis west nia please contact tim belden portland office phone number vince nia mansell pm vkamins enron com cc subject power crisis west dear vince spoke briefly yesterday regarding grant masson informed longer enron employee also informed grant yet replaced inquiring infocast would like enron representative speak upcoming conference entitled power crisis west status certainly going exciting conference due controversy surrounding situation san diego kind regards nia mansell infocast conference manager ext fax niam com see attached file power crisis west invite doc
"Subject: combinatorial auction - jan 11 mtg background  - - - - - forwarded by greg woulfe / enron communications on 12 / 28 / 00 09 : 58 am - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat @ enron  12 / 22 / 00 05 : 08 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , greg woulfe / enron communications @ enron  communications  cc :  subject : combinatorial auction  stinson and greg ,  i have read the paper "" combinatorial auction with multiple winners for  universal service "" from richard steinberg and frank kelly . they propose a  combinatorial auction which is an auction for multiple items that allows  bidders to realize their synergies on combinations of items . the  combinatorial auction is appropriated for bandwidth commodity because most  bidders in the market have synergies on the combination of items . for  example , if we want to get bandwidth between boston and dc , we would bid for  boston - ny and ny - dc . it will be valuable to us only if we won both links . if  we won only one link , it will be useless .  in the paper , they propose the auctioning method but their method has not  been tested or validated yet . i have not checked their proposition  mathematically but their paper was published in management science so i think  it should be all right . i will look at it in more details and let you know .  anyhow , there are also other combinatorial auctions that are actually used ,  for example , the alberta government ' s ppa auction that enron canada was  participated 3 - 4 months ago .  based on our long position on bandwidth , auction and exchange might be a good  channel to dispose our unused ( or unsold ) bandwidth . i know there is not much  demand in the market . but if we open a combinatorial auction or exchange , we  might be able to increase our market share . ( by taking demand from our  competitors ) . i believe , at the moment , there are no bandwidth exchanges that  allow "" combinatorial "" bids . if we are the first one to do it , we might  improve our sale channel and gain some market share . ( note : auction - > one  seller and many buyers : exchange - > many sellers and many buyers . )  moreover , i think auctioning the unsold bandwidth will not hurt us because we  cannot sell them anyway . in addition , we ourselves can be a dummy bidder in  the system and bid in the auction . if the current wining bid is too low , we  can just over - bid it and keep the product . this way , we can indirectly put a  reserve price on the products .  let ' s meet sometime in the first week of january .  - chonawee",0,combinatorial auction jan mtg background forwarded greg woulfe enron communications chonawee supatgiat enron pm stinson gibner hou ect ect greg woulfe enron communications enron communications cc subject combinatorial auction stinson greg read paper combinatorial auction multiple winners universal service richard steinberg frank kelly propose combinatorial auction auction multiple items allows bidders realize synergies combinations items combinatorial auction appropriated bandwidth commodity bidders market synergies combination items example want get bandwidth boston dc would bid boston ny ny dc valuable us links one link useless paper propose auctioning method method tested validated yet checked proposition mathematically paper published management science think right look details let know anyhow also combinatorial auctions actually used example alberta government ppa auction enron canada participated months ago based long position bandwidth auction exchange might good channel dispose unused unsold bandwidth know much demand market open combinatorial auction exchange might able increase market share taking demand competitors believe moment bandwidth exchanges allow combinatorial bids first one might improve sale channel gain market share note auction one seller many buyers exchange many sellers many buyers moreover think auctioning unsold bandwidth hurt us sell anyway addition dummy bidder system bid auction current wining bid low bid keep product way indirectly put reserve price products let meet sometime first week january chonawee
"Subject: re : rabi de  anything we can do ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 09 / 15 / 2000 08 : 34  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : toni graham @ enron 09 / 14 / 2000 07 : 36 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : rabi de  grant , i did talk with tanya this evening however since i ' m on vacation  friday i wanted to outline here what rabi has discussed with me .  1 ) title . . . . . he is currently at a vp level and we are offering him manager  2 ) sign on bonus . . . . . . . . . . . the 15 k is not coving the lost bonus he will  receive at he current co ( $ 25 k )  3 ) salary . . . . . . . . . . . he will receive a "" risk premium "" of approx 10 % befor  tax . he is not able to quantify this for us and i was not able to get a  number out of him as to what he is looking for .  he is very enthusiastic and wants to work for enron but wanted to see if we  could do anything to enhance our offer in these areas .  toni  from : grant masson @ ect 09 / 14 / 2000 08 : 58 am  to : toni graham / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : rabi de  toni :  i am talking to vince today . please call me if there are any further  developments i should know about .  regards ,  grant .",0,rabi de anything forwarded grant masson hou ect enron north america corp toni graham enron pm grant masson hou ect ect cc norma villarreal hou ect ect subject rabi de grant talk tanya evening however since vacation friday wanted outline rabi discussed title currently vp level offering manager sign bonus k coving lost bonus receive current co k salary receive risk premium approx befor tax able quantify us able get number looking enthusiastic wants work enron wanted see could anything enhance offer areas toni grant masson ect toni graham corp enron enron cc subject rabi de toni talking vince today please call developments know regards grant
"Subject: hello guys ,  i ' m "" bugging you "" for your completed questionnaire and for a one - page  bio / statement on your thoughts on "" business edu and the new economy "" . if  my records are incorrect please re - ship your responses to me . i want to  put everything together next week so that i can ship it back to everyone .  the questionnaire is attached as well as copies of the bio pages for  michael froehls and myself ( two somewhat different approaches ) . the idea  of the latter is just to introduce yourself to the other panelists and give  them some background on how you are approaching the issues we will discuss .  we will also provide copies to the attendees and use this material for our  personal introductions at the opening of the panel discussions .  thanks and i look forward to seeing you in two weeks .  john  - waco _ background _ mf . doc  - jmartinbiosketch . doc  - questionnaire . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,hello guys bugging completed questionnaire one page bio statement thoughts business edu new economy records incorrect please ship responses want put everything together next week ship back everyone questionnaire attached well copies bio pages michael froehls two somewhat different approaches idea latter introduce panelists give background approaching issues discuss also provide copies attendees use material personal introductions opening panel discussions thanks look forward seeing two weeks john waco background mf doc jmartinbiosketch doc questionnaire doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: enron / stanford program  hello vince , stinson ,  thank you very much for hosting my visit at enron . i had a  very pleasant time there , and i found the meetings very  informative .  as discussed during my visit at enron , i am sending you below  a draft of the letter that would be needed to get the program  in place and rolling , and start the students working on it .  it took a while to find out what the appropriate process was  and how the letter should be structured . sorry for the delay .  if i may , i ' d like to visit enron again , sometime in august ,  to define the research agenda more precisely and prioritize  the problems to look at . i ' m in frequent contact with giuseppe ,  who is impressed by the environment there . we are trying to formulate  the research issues and problems to study , that would be of interest  to enron . the plan is this :  1 ) by august , giuseppe will have been there for almost 2 months  and will probably have a relatively good understanding of the enron problem  space .  2 ) i will work together with giuseppe till august to formulate a set of  good problems of :  a ) high practical importance  b ) high innovation potential  c ) serious scope .  3 ) i could visit in august ( say mid - august or so ) to :  a ) discuss these problems with you and get your feedback  b ) prioritize the problems and evaluate their impact  c ) make sure we ' re on the same page regarding research strategy  and execution path .  i hope we can fully set up the program at stanford before then , so  that i can bring on board one more ph . d . student to start his  doctoral work in this area .  i ' m all excited about our collaboration . i am even thinking of  starting a research seminar at stanford , specifically on these  research issues !  talk to you soon .  best regards ,  nick  draft of letter to be sent from enron to stanford .  prof . nicholas bambos  420 terman engineering center  management science & eng . dept . and  electrical engineering department  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305  dear nick ,  we are happy to provide gift funds of $ 100 , 000 per year , over  three years , to support a program in your research group , related  to bandwidth markets / trading and networking technologies .  enron would like to support research activities in the above  mentioned area , including pd . d . student work , research seminars etc .  there may also be opportunities to have the supported ph . d . students  do summer internships at enron , related to their research interests .  please find enclosed a check of $ 100 , 000 payable to stanford university  for supporting this research effort in your group during the first year .  best regards ,  name and title",0,enron stanford program hello vince stinson thank much hosting visit enron pleasant time found meetings informative discussed visit enron sending draft letter would needed get program place rolling start students working took find appropriate process letter structured sorry delay may like visit enron sometime august define research agenda precisely prioritize problems look frequent contact giuseppe impressed environment trying formulate research issues problems study would interest enron plan august giuseppe almost months probably relatively good understanding enron problem space work together giuseppe till august formulate set good problems high practical importance b high innovation potential c serious scope could visit august say mid august discuss problems get feedback b prioritize problems evaluate impact c make sure page regarding research strategy execution path hope fully set program stanford bring board one ph student start doctoral work area excited collaboration even thinking starting research seminar stanford specifically research issues talk soon best regards nick draft letter sent enron stanford prof nicholas bambos terman engineering center management science eng dept electrical engineering department stanford university stanford ca dear nick happy provide gift funds per year three years support program research group related bandwidth markets trading networking technologies enron would like support research activities mentioned area including pd student work research seminars etc may also opportunities supported ph students summer internships enron related research interests please find enclosed check payable stanford university supporting research effort group first year best regards name title
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at stl 7 . startlogic . com .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  vdeliver : invalid or unknown virtual user ' info '  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 68912 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 03 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 222 . 160 . 120 . 186 )  by stl 7 . startlogic . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 03 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815692 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ itresults . net  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program stl startlogic com afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work vdeliver invalid unknown virtual user info line copy message return path received qmail invoked network jul received unknown helo mailwisconsin com stl startlogic com smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo info itresults net user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivable
"Subject: interviewing for the associate and analyst programs  the off - cycle department of the associate and analyst program is looking for  volunteer interviewers for the following dates :  thursday , november 9 th from 9 : 00 a . m - 12 : 00 p . m  thursday , november 16 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 12 : 00 p . m .  thursday , december 7 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m .  over 50 candidates will be interviewing over these 3 days . the candidates  will be a combination of associates and analysts representing schools such as  princeton , harvard , university of north carolina , notre dame , university of  illinois , emory and many others . each candidate will have 4 interviews .  pending the outcome of their interviews we will invite them to stay and  attend super saturday that weekend . if for some reason we decide not to  further pursue the candidate , we will fly them home that friday morning .  also there will be continental breakfast at from 7 : 45 a . m . to 8 : 45 a . m . ( for  all three dates ) and a luncheon from 12 : 30 p . m . - 2 : 00 p . m . ( on nov . 9 and  nov . 16 th ) , the lunch will be at 1 : 30 for the dec . 7 th . interviewers are  welcome to attend both the breakfast and the lunch on their interviewing  date . the interviewing , breakfast and lunch will take place at the  doubletree hotel downtown .  we are asking enron employees associate ( associates who have been with the  program for at least one year ) level or higher to volunteer at least one  hour to interview candidates ( this will be 2 interviews ) . if you can  volunteer for more than an hour or for more than just one of the stated  dates , that would be great ! your help is needed ! please contact my  assistant , cathy lira , at cathy . lira @ enron . com or x 54049 as soon as possible ,  if you can volunteer any time for interviewing .  if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me .  once again , thanks ,  althea  althea p . gordon , jd  recruiter  associate & analyst programs",0,interviewing associate analyst programs cycle department associate analyst program looking volunteer interviewers following dates thursday november th p thursday november th p thursday december th p candidates interviewing days candidates combination associates analysts representing schools princeton harvard university north carolina notre dame university illinois emory many others candidate interviews pending outcome interviews invite stay attend super saturday weekend reason decide pursue candidate fly home friday morning also continental breakfast three dates luncheon p p nov nov th lunch dec th interviewers welcome attend breakfast lunch interviewing date interviewing breakfast lunch take place doubletree hotel downtown asking enron employees associate associates program least one year level higher volunteer least one hour interview candidates interviews volunteer hour one stated dates would great help needed please contact assistant cathy lira cathy lira enron com x soon possible volunteer time interviewing questions please hesitate contact thanks althea althea p gordon jd recruiter associate analyst programs
Subject: free adult dvds . no purchase necessary . . . to : yyyy @ netnoteinc . com id : ksdk  to : yyyy @ netnoteinc . com  # #  # adult online super store #  # shhhhhh . . . #  # you just found the internet ' s #  # best kept secret ! ! ! #  # 3 vivid dvds absolutely free ! ! ! #  # #  > > > > > > > > > no purchase necessary ! > > > > > > > > no purchase necessary ! < < < < < < < < < < <  # #  # don ' t forget to forward this email to #  # all your friends for the same deal . . . #  # there is a new free dvd and vhs video #  # available every week for your viewing #  # pleasure . #  # #  removal instructions :  you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive  free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if  you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in  error you may opt - out of our database here http : / / 209 . 203 . 162 . 20 / optout . html  . please allow 24 hours for removal .  this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion  and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with valid  ' removal ' instruction .  faarakxavoxcadetxjpir,1,free adult dvds purchase necessary yyyy netnoteinc com id ksdk yyyy netnoteinc com adult online super store shhhhhh found internet best kept secret vivid dvds absolutely free purchase necessary purchase necessary forget forward email friends deal new free dvd vhs video available every week viewing pleasure removal instructions received advertisement opted receive free adult internet offers specials affiliated websites wish receive emails received email error may opt database http optout html please allow hours removal e mail sent compliance information exchange promotion privacy protection act section marked advertisement valid removal instruction faarakxavoxcadetxjpir
"Subject: steve ' s trip to houston  dale , richard ,  i am ready to cover the cost of steve ' s trip to houston ( one month in the  summer ) .  i think very highly of steve and think about coaching him a bit to expand his  horizons . i see him as a very valuable asset of enron and a great leader  in not too distant future . he needs exposure to more diverse business  problems and areas of research . i think it will be in the best interest of  the company  to devote some resources to foster his development .  vince",0,steve trip houston dale richard ready cover cost steve trip houston one month summer think highly steve think coaching bit expand horizons see valuable asset enron great leader distant future needs exposure diverse business problems areas research think best interest company devote resources foster development vince
"Subject: restricted list  neither ena / rac / egf employees nor family members or others living in their  household or financially dependent on the ena / rac / egf employee may purchase  or sell securities of any entity ( or derivatives thereof ) listed on the  restricted list for your or their personal or related accounts or recommend  the purchase or sale of such securities to any person , except with the prior  approval of the compliance department in consultation with the ena legal  department .  in addition to the trading restrictions above , should you at any time possess  non - public material information about any public company , you , your family  members and anybody that is financially dependent on you , are restricted from  trading in that issue , and you may not disclose the non - public material  information to anyone that does not have a business need to know .  company name stock symbol  3 tec energy corp . tten  active power acpw  adrian resources adrrf  beau canada exploration ltd bau cn  belco oil & gas corporation bog  bonus resource services corp bou  brigham exploration bexp  canfibre group ltd . cfgl  carrizo oil & gas inc . crzo  crown energy croe  cynet , inc . cyne  cypress energy cyz  firstworld communications inc . fwis  fuelcell energy , inc . fcel  hanover compressor co . hc  ice drilling enterprises inc . idf  industrial holdings , inc . ihii  inland resources , inc . inln  kafus environmental industries , inc . ks  nakornthai strip mill public co ltd nsm set  paladin resources plc plr ld  paradigm geophysical pgeof  place resources , inc . plg cn  queen sand resources , inc . qsri  quicksilver resources inc . kwk  saxon petroleum , inc . sxn cn  southwest royalties swroy  startech seh cn  syntroleum corp . synm  tejon ranch corp . trc  tetonka drilling tdi  transcoastal marine services , inc . tcms  the restricted list is solely for the internal use of ena / rac / egf . no one  may engage in discussions regarding whether a security is or is not on the  restricted list with persons outside ena / rac / egf without specific clearance  from the compliance department in consultation with the ena legal department .  in addition to the above , you are reminded that pursuant to enron corp . ' s  risk management policy ( "" policy "" ) , no ena / rac / egf employee may engage in the  trading of any "" position "" ( "" position "" means any commodity , financial  instrument , security , equity , financial asset or liability that are  authorized for trading in  the  policy for the benefit of any party other than ena / rac / egf , whether for  his / her own account or the account of any third party , where such position  relates to ( i ) any commodity , financial instrument , security , equity ,  financial asset or liability which falls within such employee ' s  responsibility at ena / rac / egf or ( ii ) any energy commodity .  the prohibitions listed above do not replace or modify the policies set forth  in ena ' s policies and procedures regarding confidential information and  securities trading , enron corp . ' s risk management policy , or enron corp . ' s  conduct of business affairs . should you have any questions regarding the  above , please contact me at ext . 31939 .",0,restricted list neither ena rac egf employees family members others living household financially dependent ena rac egf employee may purchase sell securities entity derivatives thereof listed restricted list personal related accounts recommend purchase sale securities person except prior approval compliance department consultation ena legal department addition trading restrictions time possess non public material information public company family members anybody financially dependent restricted trading issue may disclose non public material information anyone business need know company name stock symbol tec energy corp tten active power acpw adrian resources adrrf beau canada exploration ltd bau cn belco oil gas corporation bog bonus resource services corp bou brigham exploration bexp canfibre group ltd cfgl carrizo oil gas inc crzo crown energy croe cynet inc cyne cypress energy cyz firstworld communications inc fwis fuelcell energy inc fcel hanover compressor co hc ice drilling enterprises inc idf industrial holdings inc ihii inland resources inc inln kafus environmental industries inc ks nakornthai strip mill public co ltd nsm set paladin resources plc plr ld paradigm geophysical pgeof place resources inc plg cn queen sand resources inc qsri quicksilver resources inc kwk saxon petroleum inc sxn cn southwest royalties swroy startech seh cn syntroleum corp synm tejon ranch corp trc tetonka drilling tdi transcoastal marine services inc tcms restricted list solely internal use ena rac egf one may engage discussions regarding whether security restricted list persons outside ena rac egf without specific clearance compliance department consultation ena legal department addition reminded pursuant enron corp risk management policy policy ena rac egf employee may engage trading position position means commodity financial instrument security equity financial asset liability authorized trading policy benefit party ena rac egf whether account account third party position relates commodity financial instrument security equity financial asset liability falls within employee responsibility ena rac egf ii energy commodity prohibitions listed replace modify policies set forth ena policies procedures regarding confidential information securities trading enron corp risk management policy enron corp conduct business affairs questions regarding please contact ext
"Subject: re : a resume for john lavorato  thanks , vince . i will get moving on it right away .  molly  vince j kaminski  02 / 21 / 2001 05 : 55 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : a resume for john lavorato  molly ,  please , make arrangements for the interview with this candidate for  a trading position . interviews with john lavorato , jeff shankman ,  gary hickerson , stinson gibner .  i talked to him in new york and he is considering  other opportunities , so we have to act fast .  i think john will like him more than punit .  thanks",0,resume john lavorato thanks vince get moving right away molly vince j kaminski pm molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject resume john lavorato molly please make arrangements interview candidate trading position interviews john lavorato jeff shankman gary hickerson stinson gibner talked new york considering opportunities act fast think john like punit thanks
"Subject: re : follow - up  thanks , vince , that is great information .  eric  vince j kaminski @ ect  08 / 25 / 2000 02 : 51 pm  to : eric thode / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : follow - up  eric ,  mandeep chahal , ainsley gaddis , sofya tamarchenko , elena chilkina , james  aimone  should not count . m . chahal was transferred to the new company , the rest are  summer interns  ( gone back to school ) , or part - time high school or college kids . i shall  walk around and remind the rest  of the crowd about the deadline .  vince  eric thode @ enron  08 / 25 / 2000 02 : 31 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : follow - up  vince - -  we have been working the last few days to get ena ' s united way participation  rate up as high as possible . i called earlier about your cost center because  the following 16 employees were listed in power trading , but i believe are  part of the research organization .  if you have a chance , could you encourage them to log onto  http : / / unitedway . enron . com on the intranet and make a contribution to the  united way . the deadline is today .  thanks .  eric  employees in your cost center :  ainsley gaddis elena chilkina james aimone jose marquez  kevin moore mandeep chahal maureen raymond osman sezgen  paulo issler peyton gibner pinnamaneni krishnarao samer takriti  sofya tamarchenko thomas halliburton william smith yana kristal",0,follow thanks vince great information eric vince j kaminski ect pm eric thode corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject follow eric mandeep chahal ainsley gaddis sofya tamarchenko elena chilkina james aimone count chahal transferred new company rest summer interns gone back school part time high school college kids shall walk around remind rest crowd deadline vince eric thode enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject follow vince working last days get ena united way participation rate high possible called earlier cost center following employees listed power trading believe part research organization chance could encourage log onto http unitedway enron com intranet make contribution united way deadline today thanks eric employees cost center ainsley gaddis elena chilkina james aimone jose marquez kevin moore mandeep chahal maureen raymond osman sezgen paulo issler peyton gibner pinnamaneni krishnarao samer takriti sofya tamarchenko thomas halliburton william smith yana kristal
"Subject: final project deadline is april 30  dear energy derivatives students ,  the deadline for the final project has been set for april 30 , 2001 .  all grades will be submitted to rice administration by may 4 th ( university requirement ) .  please mark your calendars ! ! !  if you have questions , please contact vince or me .  good luck !  jason sokolov",0,final project deadline april dear energy derivatives students deadline final project set april grades submitted rice administration may th university requirement please mark calendars questions please contact vince good luck jason sokolov
"Subject: you can get a quote from 4 major lenders without giving personal info ! tijqsemw  you can get a quote at 4 lenders with no personal info ! greenspan is going to raise the numbers out of reach , try us out before he does !  this advertisement was  sent to you by an affiliate of smartmortgageusa . if you have any  questions , you may contact us at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o .  box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to remove yourself  from future smartmortgageusa mailings please click  here to here to go to the website and select the unsubscribe link at  the bottom of the page . if you wish to unsubscribe from future mailings  from this email publisher please follow their listed instructions .  xipwtobnf",1,get quote major lenders without giving personal info tijqsemw get quote lenders personal info greenspan going raise numbers reach try us advertisement sent affiliate smartmortgageusa questions may contact us offer attn smartmortgageusa p box san francisco ca wish remove future smartmortgageusa mailings please click go website select unsubscribe link bottom page wish unsubscribe future mailings email publisher please follow listed instructions xipwtobnf
"Subject: re : hi vince  hi jeff ,  no problem . as soon as we have an agreement in place ,  i shall start working with you .  vince  "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ "" on 01 / 10 / 2001 12 : 59 : 36 pm  please respond to "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ ""  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : hi vince  hi vince .  here is my contact info :  jeff wesley  949 813 2241  jjw @ ziplip . com  jjw @ lokmail . net  i work with mri usa  and robertwalters uk  i also underwrite my own deals .  example of current accounts :  painewebber  merrill lynch  crowell weedon  current companies i work with include :  conedison energy  smud ( sacramento energy )  calpine energy  morgan stanley dean whitter  job orders sent :  chicago mercantile exchange  alcoa  cournerstone energy  i hope this makes it through the firewall !  my partner in london at robertwalters sent me a guy for you to browse . . . i ' ll  pop him over later .  thanks vince !  jeff  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *",0,hi vince hi jeff problem soon agreement place shall start working vince pm please respond vince j kaminski enron com cc subject hi vince hi vince contact info jeff wesley jjw ziplip com jjw lokmail net work mri usa robertwalters uk also underwrite deals example current accounts painewebber merrill lynch crowell weedon current companies work include conedison energy smud sacramento energy calpine energy morgan stanley dean whitter job orders sent chicago mercantile exchange alcoa cournerstone energy hope makes firewall partner london robertwalters sent guy browse pop later thanks vince jeff get free secure online email http www ziplip com
Subject: delivery status notification  - these recipients of your message have been processed by the mail server :  antoniobdantas @ zipmail . com . br ; failed ; 4 . 4 . 7 ( delivery time expired ),1,delivery status notification recipients message processed mail server antoniobdantas zipmail com br failed delivery time expired
"Subject: model effort in houston  christian ,  our spring / fall window of "" < nactivity "" is rapidly eluding us . . .  we need to get our internal model operational without delay .  along these lines , let ' s go ahead and plan your visit to houston as soon as  possible ,  but by all means get you in at least 4 weeks before hurricane season .  that would mean the month of may looks good .  please inform me what duties you could not perform from here to support the  sydney office ,  we ' ll figure out how to keep that office whole .  ( it ' s working without a hitch to have steve bennett in london , but continuing  his houston duties )  if the first week in may ( for the whole month ) will work , please respond asap  and we ' ll get housing arrangements finalized .  looking forward to your visit ,  - - - mike",0,model effort houston christian spring fall window nactivity rapidly eluding us need get internal model operational without delay along lines let go ahead plan visit houston soon possible means get least weeks hurricane season would mean month may looks good please inform duties could perform support sydney office figure keep office whole working without hitch steve bennett london continuing houston duties first week may whole month work please respond asap get housing arrangements finalized looking forward visit mike
"Subject: ( no subject )  stinson ,  henwood can help us with the project in our time frame ( end of january ) . the  henwood person who will coordinate the project is david branchcomb , located  in london . he will have to involve the henwood ? manager for asia , who works  out of australia .  i told him that you would call him wednesday morning on his cell phone to set  up a conference call later the same day with the guy in australia . given time  difference it may happen late afternoon .  they expect that we shall give them the specs of the project . it makes sense  to involve sandeep at the conference call : he will be very specific about our  needs . i sent you his coordinates in an earlier message . sandeep may have to  come to the office : i don ' t know if anita knows how to set up a conference  call .  david ' s phone numbers :  44 207 242 8950  44 787 942 5375 ( cell ) .  i may be at the office in the morning for an hour or two .  vince",0,subject stinson henwood help us project time frame end january henwood person coordinate project david branchcomb located london involve henwood manager asia works australia told would call wednesday morning cell phone set conference call later day guy australia given time difference may happen late afternoon expect shall give specs project makes sense involve sandeep conference call specific needs sent coordinates earlier message sandeep may come office know anita knows set conference call david phone numbers cell may office morning hour two vince
"Subject: mega nneed offr  hello , welcome to pharmonli pitfall ne sho affect p  - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sho exsiccation ps  thereout v  compare g  a kibble l  l devisor l  l navigable a  r metaphysical a trousseaux cl  i billow sv atomicity a  coastal um  andmanyother .  - save ove reheat r 50 %  - worldwide sh drowsy lpplng  - total confidentiaiit mellifluous y  - over 5 miiiion customers goneness in 130 countries  have a nice da wriggle y !",1,mega nneed offr hello welcome pharmonli pitfall ne sho affect p one leading oniine pharmaceutical sho exsiccation ps thereout v compare g kibble l l devisor l l navigable r metaphysical trousseaux cl billow sv atomicity coastal um andmanyother save ove reheat r worldwide sh drowsy lpplng total confidentiaiit mellifluous miiiion customers goneness countries nice da wriggle
"Subject: re : hello  hello ,  i just received your message .  are still in nyc ? i like it a lot .  i wish my job was associated with traveling .  according to saturday meeting - i will be there .  have a save trip back home .  patrycja  from : vkaminski @ aol . com save address - block sender  to : pdalecka @ hotmail . com save address  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com save address  subject : re : hello  date : mon , 13 mar 2000 23 : 22 : 26 est  reply reply all forward delete previous next close  hello patrycja ,  greetings from the big apple .  saturday works for me . let ' s meet at 4 : 00 p . m . at carrabba ' s . it ' s an  italian  restaurant on i - 45 in the woodlands . after you pass conroe , take the  research  forest exit ( 5 - 10 miles past conroe ) and stay on the feeder road . go  through  the lights ( research forest intersection with i - 45 ) . as you continue along  the feeder road you will pass on your right the woodlands mall and the  exxonmobil building , . the restaurant will be on your right , about 200 - 300  yards before the next lights ( i - 45 and sawdust ) .  i shall have my cell phone with me ( 713 898 9960 ) . in case you arrive early  you can stop at my home : 10 snowbird place , ( 281 ) 367 5377 . i shall send you  later the instructions how to get there . i shall leave home around 3 : 45 .  look forward to meeting you .  vince",0,hello hello received message still nyc like lot wish job associated traveling according saturday meeting save trip back home patrycja vkaminski aol com save address block sender pdalecka hotmail com save address cc vkaminski aol com save address subject hello date mon mar est reply reply forward delete previous next close hello patrycja greetings big apple saturday works let meet p carrabba italian restaurant woodlands pass conroe take research forest exit miles past conroe stay feeder road go lights research forest intersection continue along feeder road pass right woodlands mall exxonmobil building restaurant right yards next lights sawdust shall cell phone case arrive early stop home snowbird place shall send later instructions get shall leave home around look forward meeting vince
"Subject: churn list  vince ,  here is your new location on the 32 nd floor .  have a wonderful morning !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 04 / 28 / 2000 07 : 48  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  04 / 28 / 2000 07 : 49 am  to : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect , heather choate / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : churn list  goodmorning ,  today is the day for the great move .  well i certainly hope this is not a bother .  i have a few changes since a few members has  left our group .  new locations  sam smith - eb 3274 a  elena chilkina - eb 3274 b ( michael sergeev )  patricia tlapek - eb 3273 a  vince kaminski - eb 3273 b  eb 7273 c - vacant ( roman zadorozhny )  if you are not able to make changes on the churn list ,  please be aware that we are going to label all items to  the locations listed , whereby these items will be at the  locations listed above .  please if you need more information feel free to call  x 34710 .  hope this day be a good one for you !  thanks  kevin moore",0,churn list vince new location nd floor wonderful morning forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore lisa b cousino hou ect ect heather choate hou ect ect cc subject churn list goodmorning today day great move well certainly hope bother changes since members left group new locations sam smith eb elena chilkina eb b michael sergeev patricia tlapek eb vince kaminski eb b eb c vacant roman zadorozhny able make changes churn list please aware going label items locations listed whereby items locations listed please need information feel free call x hope day good one thanks kevin moore
"Subject: enron europe organisational changes  once the arcos plant in spain is financially closed ( expected in q 2 of this  year ) eric gonzales will be moving back to houston to work exclusively on  co - managing enron ' s lng markets . we are very appreciative of eric ' s efforts  in europe since early 1998 and look forward to continuing to work very  closely with his lng team in the coming years . from this point forward eric  will focus his remaining time in europe exclusively on financially closing  arcos .  we are therefore making the following changes immediately . the origination  responsibility for italy will be moved under eric shaw . ricardo bortolloti  will continue in the role as italian country manager and will report to eric  shaw . mariano gentilini will become our country manager for spain and  portugal and will report directly to the enron europe office of the chairman .  the arcos power project is likely to create a large gas to power spread  position and so we have asked paul mead to assume the added responsibility  for our natural gas risk positions in spain . this position is much more  likely to be supplied and influenced by lng rather than continental gas  markets and paul will work quite closely with both enron global markets and  the continental gas team .  ross sankey who has been managing our marketing efforts in holland will also  head a new organization that will focus on subsea interconnector and power  transmission opportunities across europe . among the prospects his team will  pursue include projects from norway to the uk , sweden to the continent ,  and bidding on existing french interconnector capacity . he will report to  eric shaw for the holland markets and to richard lewis for the transmission  responsibilities .  finally the continental gas team is interacting far more with our uk gas team  than our power teams on the continent . therefore david galagher who manages  our continental gas team will now report directly to richard lewis .  we have aggressive income targets for this year and anticipate that these  changes will create the right links to optimize our performance . please help  make these changes as smooth as possible .  john sherriff  michael brown",0,enron europe organisational changes arcos plant spain financially closed expected q year eric gonzales moving back houston work exclusively co managing enron lng markets appreciative eric efforts europe since early look forward continuing work closely lng team coming years point forward eric focus remaining time europe exclusively financially closing arcos therefore making following changes immediately origination responsibility italy moved eric shaw ricardo bortolloti continue role italian country manager report eric shaw mariano gentilini become country manager spain portugal report directly enron europe office chairman arcos power project likely create large gas power spread position asked paul mead assume added responsibility natural gas risk positions spain position much likely supplied influenced lng rather continental gas markets paul work quite closely enron global markets continental gas team ross sankey managing marketing efforts holland also head new organization focus subsea interconnector power transmission opportunities across europe among prospects team pursue include projects norway uk sweden continent bidding existing french interconnector capacity report eric shaw holland markets richard lewis transmission responsibilities finally continental gas team interacting far uk gas team power teams continent therefore david galagher manages continental gas team report directly richard lewis aggressive income targets year anticipate changes create right links optimize performance please help make changes smooth possible john sherriff michael brown
"Subject: john sherriff ' s copper position  ted , bjorn ,  any info about this position ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 07 / 26 / 2000  08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : anjam ahmad 07 / 26 / 2000 03 : 55 am  to : esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  subject : john sherriff ' s copper position  hi esther ,  i just talked to john sherriff about his "" enron "" copper position . i suspect  that this is not currently being captured within the mg mercur position  database - he would like to have that included in the var spreadsheet and  shown as a separate line . do you have any information regarding this deal  ( i . e . position sizes , qualities etc . ) or be able to direct me to someone who  may be able to assist in getting this information ?  thanks ,  anjam  x 35383",0,john sherriff copper position ted bjorn info position vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect enron capital trade resources corp europe anjam ahmad esther gerratt lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect andreas barschkis mgusa com enron tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect subject john sherriff copper position hi esther talked john sherriff enron copper position suspect currently captured within mg mercur position database would like included var spreadsheet shown separate line information regarding deal e position sizes qualities etc able direct someone may able assist getting information thanks anjam x
"Subject: chicago partners  davis ,  i sent out the memo . no reaction yet .  vince",0,chicago partners davis sent memo reaction yet vince
"Subject: precious metals var  jason ,  after our brief discussion last night i think i should discuss a few of the  issues i have with respect to calculating a var on the deal that you are  proposing . the var model , as i illustrated , is set up to accept a term  structure of delta positions , prices and vols and it may be difficult to  translate the ' silver mine ' position into these inputs .  i do not think that we can simply take the net silver content of the mine and  then make some assumptions about vol and price . the var model  also assumes a certain amount of liquidity in the market and a 1 day holding  period .  to do this properly i would need to understand fully how the deal is priced  as these sensitivities are ultimately what will effect the change in mtm  in the future and that is essentially what var is supposed to predict .  if you need me to work on this then you need to contact steve who will help  to prioritise my time . i will also need to consult with vince kaminski and  tanya tamarachenko in houston for advice .  rac will also assist in the process .  please contact me if you have any further questions ,  kirstee  x 34529",0,precious metals var jason brief discussion last night think discuss issues respect calculating var deal proposing var model illustrated set accept term structure delta positions prices vols may difficult translate silver mine position inputs think simply take net silver content mine make assumptions vol price var model also assumes certain amount liquidity market day holding period properly would need understand fully deal priced sensitivities ultimately effect change mtm future essentially var supposed predict need work need contact steve help prioritise time also need consult vince kaminski tanya tamarachenko houston advice rac also assist process please contact questions kirstee x
Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership .  start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . free gold membership or upgrade and extend your existing membership . ( )  ipmlgbit,1,start shopping costco today complimentary gold membership start shopping costco today free gold membership free gold membership upgrade extend existing membership ipmlgbit
"Subject: fw : afternoon tea with fea  vince :  thanks for surfacing . happy new year !  linda  december 2000 financial engineering associates , berkeley , ca  gentlepeople ,  as the end of the year rapidly approaches , it seems timely to thank you for  your business this year . thank you for helping to make this the best year  ever for fea !  and , wed also like to wish you happy holidays and a healthy and prosperous  new year .  earlier this year , fea initiated  3 virtual coffee break  4 , an emailed  newsletter for fea alliance partners . it has proven to be a popular and  useful media to share information . this is our first effort at an emailed  newsletter to fea clients ,  3 afternoon tea with tracie ) . we hope you will  take a few minutes to skim it for pertinent information and then move it to  your fea file folder for future reference .  * * * announcing fea product updates ! * * *  fea has been extraordinarily busy running extensive testing on new releases .  the following should be available to all clients , who are current on  maintenance , in just a couple weeks . we will send an email notification of  the availability of the release , and cds will be shipped . if you prefer ,  email support @ fea . com to request download instructions .  @ energy . 2 . 0 will feature the release of the forward curve builder and the  swing ( take or pay ) options valuation module . the forward curve builder , as  its name suggests , calibrated the forward price curve for power  ( electricity ) and other commodity markets . some additional new features in  the 2 . 0 release include a jump diffusion model for european - style options ,  an option on a strip of options and an option on a strip of spread options .  varworks 4 . 0 includes sophisticated stress testing , support for individual  equities , and new easier to use templates . eagerly awaited by fea clients ,  the addition of stress testing capabilities has been a top priority for  fea ' s engineering team . fund managers will be happy to hear that individual  ( sectorial ) equities are now supported in varworks . 4 . 0 .  if you do not own a license for @ energy or varworks , and want to evaluate  them , email sales @ fea . com and request a 30 day demo . product demos are free  to existing fea clients . curious about a product , but dont have time to  install a demo , read the instructions and experiment ? visit  www . fea . com / demos . htm and select alternative one . we can now demo fea  software on your computer screen , via the internet .  * * * list of current versions of fea products now posted on - line !  you may refer to www . fea . com / support . htm for details of the most current fea  product releases .  * * * fea newswire : fea and its chief scientistmark garman have been awarded a  4 th us patent ! patent 6 , 122 , 623 recognizes the "" watershed method "" as fea ' s  second us patent defining cutting - edge methodologies for var . the importance  of the recent invention is that it will allow market risk to be more  accurately allocated into accounting periods . mark ' sprior patent in the var  arena pertained to the calculation of "" marginal var "" or "" component var , ""  which allowed risk managers to "" slice and dice , "" or dissect enterprise - wide  var into its constituent components . ( see the pressrelease at  www . fea . com / pdf / watershed _ pr . pdf ) .  * * * first beta site for varworks se * * * www . fea . com / press _ rm . htm  look for a press release announcing the first beta site for feas varworks .  se ( server edition ) . varworks ses dynamic risk analysis and reporting  environment will enable the delivery of customized risk profiles to dozens  of exchange participants . ( see the product description at  http : / / www . fea . com / p _ varse . htm . )  * * * did you hear ? ? ? ? ?  riskmetrics , as of 1 / 15 / 2001 , will be charging for their previously free  data sets . only outdated data sets will be available at no charge .  feas makevc product allows you to build your own customized data sets  utilizing historical time series data that you may already have available to  you . you may request a free 30 day demo of makevc from  www . fea . com / demos . htm . product demos are free to existing fea clients .  * * * plan ahead  the next var seminar will be late spring 2001 . see  www . fea . com / seminars . htm for information as it becomes available , or browse  the october 2000 seminar brochure . you may also contact sales @ fea . com to  reserve your space .  * * * the fea frequent flyers * * *  december / january , madrid , spain , carlos  january 15 + calgary and toronto , canada , tracie  february 13 - 14 , new york , garp 2001 , laurent and christine  february 13 - 15 , germany , e * trade chris and ursula  february 19 , london , tracie  contact sales @ fea . com to arrange a meeting .  the fine print : we are interested in your feedback , and ideas for future  topics . please send an email if you do not want to receive future fea  newsletters . mailto : elena @ fea . com",0,fw afternoon tea fea vince thanks surfacing happy new year linda december financial engineering associates berkeley ca gentlepeople end year rapidly approaches seems timely thank business year thank helping make best year ever fea wed also like wish happy holidays healthy prosperous new year earlier year fea initiated virtual coffee break emailed newsletter fea alliance partners proven popular useful media share information first effort emailed newsletter fea clients afternoon tea tracie hope take minutes skim pertinent information move fea file folder future reference announcing fea product updates fea extraordinarily busy running extensive testing new releases following available clients current maintenance couple weeks send email notification availability release cds shipped prefer email support fea com request download instructions energy feature release forward curve builder swing take pay options valuation module forward curve builder name suggests calibrated forward price curve power electricity commodity markets additional new features release include jump diffusion model european style options option strip options option strip spread options varworks includes sophisticated stress testing support individual equities new easier use templates eagerly awaited fea clients addition stress testing capabilities top priority fea engineering team fund managers happy hear individual sectorial equities supported varworks license energy varworks want evaluate email sales fea com request day demo product demos free existing fea clients curious product dont time install demo read instructions experiment visit www fea com demos htm select alternative one demo fea software computer screen via internet list current versions fea products posted line may refer www fea com support htm details current fea product releases fea newswire fea chief scientistmark garman awarded th us patent patent recognizes watershed method fea second us patent defining cutting edge methodologies var importance recent invention allow market risk accurately allocated accounting periods mark sprior patent var arena pertained calculation marginal var component var allowed risk managers slice dice dissect enterprise wide var constituent components see pressrelease www fea com pdf watershed pr pdf first beta site varworks se www fea com press rm htm look press release announcing first beta site feas varworks se server edition varworks ses dynamic risk analysis reporting environment enable delivery customized risk profiles dozens exchange participants see product description http www fea com p varse htm hear riskmetrics charging previously free data sets outdated data sets available charge feas makevc product allows build customized data sets utilizing historical time series data may already available may request free day demo makevc www fea com demos htm product demos free existing fea clients plan ahead next var seminar late spring see www fea com seminars htm information becomes available browse october seminar brochure may also contact sales fea com reserve space fea frequent flyers december january madrid spain carlos january calgary toronto canada tracie february new york garp laurent christine february germany e trade chris ursula february london tracie contact sales fea com arrange meeting fine print interested feedback ideas future topics please send email want receive future fea newsletters mailto elena fea com
"Subject: re : wharton dinner 1 / 18 / 01  jennifer ,  thanks for your note ! as these trip details get more formalized , i ' ll keep  yopu copied . for now , know that there are approximately 18 wharton students  participating in 3 research projects - - enron proposed topics - - called the  "" tiger program "" . they ' ll be visiting enron , arriving houston thursday the  18 th , dinner at churrasco ' s ( their choice ) on the 18 th , enron meetings on the  19 th .  as the details unfold , i ' ll keep you and jeff copied .  thanks !  - - christie .",0,wharton dinner jennifer thanks note trip details get formalized keep yopu copied know approximately wharton students participating research projects enron proposed topics called tiger program visiting enron arriving houston thursday th dinner churrasco choice th enron meetings th details unfold keep jeff copied thanks christie
"Subject: an apology  kevin -  i need to apologize to you for speaking out - of - turn yesterday about  work - in - progress . any model our group has of the natural gas system remains  completely untested and unvalidated . i have not been asked by any one of my  superiors , vasant or wince , to give advice to anyone at enron concerning  natural gas ; i am not an expert in trading natural gas . my work exists within  a large and professional group , and , to the point , vince alone will decide  when , and if , any gas model is suitable for dissemination within enron .  sincerely ,  clayton vernon  manager , research",0,apology kevin need apologize speaking turn yesterday work progress model group natural gas system remains completely untested unvalidated asked one superiors vasant wince give advice anyone enron concerning natural gas expert trading natural gas work exists within large professional group point vince alone decide gas model suitable dissemination within enron sincerely clayton vernon manager research
"Subject: option pricing discrepancy for j . c . penny transaction  amitava and seksan have identified the source of the discrepancy between the  option prices calculated by the credit - reserve model and the stand - alone  spreadsheet model used in deal pricing . the discrepancy can be traced to  differences in input variables of the two models and not to any algorithmic  differences .  the options being priced are a strip of options on monthly instruments . the  credit reserve simulation program calculates the time to expiration by  assuming that the option expires on first day of the contract month of the  underlying contract , which is a very reasonable assumption .  the stand - alone option pricing spreadsheet allows specification of the option  expiration date independent of the contract month of the underlying . in the  jc penney transaction , the monthly options were assumed to expire in the  middle of the contract month , when in reality the underlying monthly  contracts expire before the start of their respective contract months . the  stand - alone spreadsheet model allows such specifications and it is up to the  user to ascertain that the expiration dates entered are legal . at present ,  seksan is ascertaining that the option contracts involved are in deed monthly  options and not a strip of daily options , in which case we would require  estimates of intramonth volatilities for both the spreadsheet model and the  credit reserve model .  regards ,  rabi de",0,option pricing discrepancy j c penny transaction amitava seksan identified source discrepancy option prices calculated credit reserve model stand alone spreadsheet model used deal pricing discrepancy traced differences input variables two models algorithmic differences options priced strip options monthly instruments credit reserve simulation program calculates time expiration assuming option expires first day contract month underlying contract reasonable assumption stand alone option pricing spreadsheet allows specification option expiration date independent contract month underlying jc penney transaction monthly options assumed expire middle contract month reality underlying monthly contracts expire start respective contract months stand alone spreadsheet model allows specifications user ascertain expiration dates entered legal present seksan ascertaining option contracts involved deed monthly options strip daily options case would require estimates intramonth volatilities spreadsheet model credit reserve model regards rabi de
"Subject: schedule  hi vince  thanks for the chat earlier today . slava is out this coming week ( 5 th - 9 th  march ) , then i ' ll be out for the next two weeks ( 12 th - 23 rd march ) . i expect  we ' ll both be around from 26 th march onwards , though i will be away again at  paris risk 10 th - 11 th april .  cheers ,  steve",0,schedule hi vince thanks chat earlier today slava coming week th th march next two weeks th rd march expect around th march onwards though away paris risk th th april cheers steve
"Subject: interview - thomas barkley 11 / 9 / 00  attached please find the resume , interview schedule , and evaluation form for  thomas barkley . thomas is interviewing on thursday , november 9 , 2000  beginning at 8 : 00 a . m . please contact me with any comments or concerns .  thank you ,  cheryl arguijo  staffing coordinator  713 - 345 - 4016  - thomasbarkley . pdf ,",0,interview thomas barkley attached please find resume interview schedule evaluation form thomas barkley thomas interviewing thursday november beginning please contact comments concerns thank cheryl arguijo staffing coordinator thomasbarkley pdf
"Subject: hi vince !  please let me know if university affairs cana ssist in setting up interviews  to address the ees issues raised by maheshram . i ' m at beaver creek in  colorado now , and will be in california making presentations of various  cases for completeing my phd course work jan 3 - 4 . back in houston on the  5 th . if anything needs to get arranged on this before then , please feel free  to call mike rosen at 3 - 9624 . he will be happy to help .  thanks vince !  may your new year be filled with peace - of - mind , good health and many joys !  see you there !  best regards ! - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 12 / 29 / 2000  12 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" vittal , maheshram "" on 12 / 26 / 2000 10 : 59 : 38 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc : "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' ""  subject : re : houston trip  dear vince / christie ,  thanks for coming to philadelphia to present an overview of the projects . we  enjoyed meeting you and your colleagues and look forward to working with  enron . i would also like to pass on my team ' s appreciation for the dinner as  well .  we wanted to give you an update on our project and get some feedback and  additional information prior to our upcoming visit to houston on january  19 th . our project is going to be geared to the 3 rd option you mentioned . we  plan on addressing some part of the retail energy services business . we are  considering two options regarding this topic and would like to pursue either  ( i ) how customers are acquired and recommending new processes and ways to  serve retail customers , or  ( ii ) studying the supply chain and coming up with recommendations for areas  for further investments .  however , we would like to get some more information on the retail energy  services before truly scoping the project . we are also very open to  suggestions , especially if you had a much broader or different scope in mind ;  so please let us know .  we have not yet reviewed the introductory information received last week , but  here are the questions we have specific to the retail energy services unit :  can we look at its overall business plan or a more detailed summary than is  in the annual report ?  what is the pricing philosophy / overall structure ?  who are the customers and how are they acquired ?  what would the customers be doing if they did not work with enron ?  what are the international expansion plans and capabilities ?  is there any important regulatory summary information we can have ?  if this information is not already covered in the review material you sent ,  will you be able recommend other sources where we may find such information ?  after we have reviewed the material sent to us recently , we may want to  schedule a phone call with you and / or one of your colleagues directly  involved in the retail energy services business . i would like to call you in  the new year to discuss this further . in the meantime , please feel free to  call me at ( 215 ) 546 - 9416 if you need any information .  regards ,  retail energy services tiger team  ram  dennis  jason  omar  steve  clay",0,hi vince please let know university affairs cana ssist setting interviews address ees issues raised maheshram beaver creek colorado california making presentations various cases completeing phd course work jan back houston th anything needs get arranged please feel free call mike rosen happy help thanks vince may new year filled peace mind good health many joys see best regards christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect vittal maheshram vince j kaminski enron com cc christie patrick enron com subject houston trip dear vince christie thanks coming philadelphia present overview projects enjoyed meeting colleagues look forward working enron would also like pass team appreciation dinner well wanted give update project get feedback additional information prior upcoming visit houston january th project going geared rd option mentioned plan addressing part retail energy services business considering two options regarding topic would like pursue either customers acquired recommending new processes ways serve retail customers ii studying supply chain coming recommendations areas investments however would like get information retail energy services truly scoping project also open suggestions especially much broader different scope mind please let us know yet reviewed introductory information received last week questions specific retail energy services unit look overall business plan detailed summary annual report pricing philosophy overall structure customers acquired would customers work enron international expansion plans capabilities important regulatory summary information information already covered review material sent able recommend sources may find information reviewed material sent us recently may want schedule phone call one colleagues directly involved retail energy services business would like call new year discuss meantime please feel free call need information regards retail energy services tiger team ram dennis jason omar steve clay
Subject: texas a & m at galveston  dr . bill mcmullen called you this morning and said that you had called  the school last week asking for courses that they scheduled for quantitive  analysis .  they gave your name to dr . mcmullen and he would like you to email  him exactly what you are looking for .  his email address is : mcmullew @ tamug . tamu . edu  thanks !  shirley,0,texas galveston dr bill mcmullen called morning said called school last week asking courses scheduled quantitive analysis gave name dr mcmullen would like email exactly looking email address mcmullew tamug tamu edu thanks shirley
"Subject: welcome to - energy news live  dear vincent kaminski ,  welcome to energy news live - http : / / www . energynewslive . com !  you are receiving this email as a result of your recent registration .  free energy news live membership  we ' re glad you ' ve joined us ; we think you ' ll find enl an amazing business tool ,  with live , up - to the - minute news every hour on the hour of every business day .  insight from actual traders . exotic and proprietary  weather modeling . a new cross - commodity index . we ' ll break every  energy headline around the world , and bring them right to your desktop .  so sign on , leave it on , stay on top . and enjoy your membership to  energynewslive . com , the first real - time energy network .  also , thank you for your request to receive more information from  energynewslive . com . keep checking your email for updates and  special offers .  if you did not request to receive special offers from enl please  click here to de - activate :  you have also indicated that you would like to receive a daily  video wrap - up from energynewslive . com .  if you did not request to receive a daily video wrap - up from enl please  click here to de - activate :  sincerely ,  the energy news live team",0,welcome energy news live dear vincent kaminski welcome energy news live http www energynewslive com receiving email result recent registration free energy news live membership glad joined us think find enl amazing business tool live minute news every hour hour every business day insight actual traders exotic proprietary weather modeling new cross commodity index break every energy headline around world bring right desktop sign leave stay top enjoy membership energynewslive com first real time energy network also thank request receive information energynewslive com keep checking email updates special offers request receive special offers enl please click de activate also indicated would like receive daily video wrap energynewslive com request receive daily video wrap enl please click de activate sincerely energy news live team
"Subject: the national forum on corporate finance  mr . fastow ,  i ' m writing all of our participants and confirming plans for the upcoming  corporate finance meetings on may 4 - 5 here . as a reminder , you are slated  to sit on the executive option / equity dilution panel on saturday  morning . dave yermack from nyu , the number one expert on this issue , is  presenting at that session . ( again , serving as a panelist should require  little preparation on your behalf . )  also , you and your wife are welcome to attend the dinner on friday evening ,  may 4 . it will be held in the baker institute across from the business  school . tom copeland is our speaker - ( i think he plans to focus his  remarks on real options ) . vince kaminski has told me he will be at the  dinner , however his wife is out of town and will not be .  please call me direct if i can be of any help or assistance . i look  forward to seeing you soon . i ' ve attached a copy of the program along with  a name rooster of those planning to attend .  dave ikenberry  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  prof . david ikenberry  jones graduate school of management  rice university  713 - 348 - 5385",0,national forum corporate finance mr fastow writing participants confirming plans upcoming corporate finance meetings may reminder slated sit executive option equity dilution panel saturday morning dave yermack nyu number one expert issue presenting session serving panelist require little preparation behalf also wife welcome attend dinner friday evening may held baker institute across business school tom copeland speaker think plans focus remarks real options vince kaminski told dinner however wife town please call direct help assistance look forward seeing soon attached copy program along name rooster planning attend dave ikenberry prof david ikenberry jones graduate school management rice university
"Subject: i know your company !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suggestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wiil make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your  company will automaticaiiy become a worid ieader : it isguite clear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,know company lt really hard recollect company market full suggestions information isoverwhelminq good catchy logo stylish statlonery outstandlng webslte wiil make task much easier promise ordered iogo company automaticaiiy become worid ieader isguite clear without good products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: technical analysis  more fallout  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 26 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : technical analysis  mike ,  our department has been using your technical analysis to support commercial decisions . you stated that these services would be discontinued . we opted to use your technical analysis in lieu of outside services . please continue to provide technical analysis data with regard to natural gas ( candlestick and elliot wave ) .  lee ferrell  director , risk management and reporting  ets",0,technical analysis fallout forwarded mike roberts hou ect pm lee ferrell enron enronxgate pm mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject technical analysis mike department using technical analysis support commercial decisions stated services would discontinued opted use technical analysis lieu outside services please continue provide technical analysis data regard natural gas candlestick elliot wave lee ferrell director risk management reporting ets
"Subject: 75 % reduction in road accidents  august , 2002  dear sir / madam ,  in case you have received this mail earlier , kindly ignore this mail . it may have  been re - sent to you by mistake . ours is not a mailing list and we have no intention of sending any regular mails to anybody .  we have devised a set of systems , which can reduce the damage caused to vehicles and deaths and injury caused to passengers and pedestrians in vehicular accidents by more than  seventy - five percent  we have already filed and are in process of filing further , multiple and appropriate disclosure documents , provisional patent applications at the united states patent & trademarks office ( uspto ) , and also applications under the patent co - operation treaty at world intellectual property organization ( wipo ) at geneva .  there is absolutely no doubt that our idea is new and innovative . moreover , we are very confident and very sure that this will help reducing / minimizing human suffering to a very large extent . there is no doubt that the product devised by us will change the face of the earth forever . brief details relating to our product are detailed in the annexures under the following headings :  statistics advantages  options  economics  we are looking for the followings :  01 . business consultancy and advice regarding the most viable , practical and profitable course of action under the circumstances and also consultancy on patents one person moderately injured every three seconds ; one person mildly injured every three seconds . )  ( c ) current yearly automobile sales worldwide - more than 1000 billion us $ .  ( d ) number of automobiles worldwide - more than 1000 billion pieces  ( e ) daily loss caused due to vehicular accidents worldwide  more than 2 billion us $ per day .  ( 2 % of the worldwide gross national product of more than 36500 billion us $ = more than 730 us $ per year = more than 2 billion us $ per day )  theadvantages of the technology developed by us :  a . the introduction of such technology will dramatically reduce the expenses of auto - insurance . this reduction of insurance cost will be at par with or even more that the expenses incurred towards the introduction of such technology in modern day vehicles . accordingly , the life insurance premier will also undergo drastic reduction . additionally , because of saving of lives , the outgo of the insurance companies will reduce substantially .  b . as per the who studies and projections , road accidents occupy the number nine positions by way of causes of death in the world today . it is projected by who that by the year 2020 they will occupy the number three positions , next only to heart disease and depression .  by introduction of this technology , we are sure that this will not happen . on the contrary there will be massive reduction in the number of deaths due to road accidents and road accidents may not figure on the list of major causes of death , in the year 2020 at all .  c . this technology will therefore , make all vehicles cheaper and safer . not only will the cost be reduced , safety which is priceless in itself , will also be greatly enhanced .  as and when the regular patent application is filed and patent is granted , the life of the patent will be 20 years . even at the current levels , with road accidents placed at number nine on the who list as a major cause of death , there is a daily loss of two billion us $ . even at the present level , over a period of twenty years , without any interest and without any compounding , this loss works out to be :  2 billion us $ x 365 days x 20 years - 14 , 600 billion us $ .  d . our technology will ensure that at least seventy - five percent of the above losses are prevented . such figure works out to be more that 10 , 000 billion us $ . it is important to note that this is the projection at the current level . as per the future projections , the incidents of road accidents are expected to increase . hence , the figure is likely to be increase very substantially . in addition the time factor and the interest factor will inflate this figure further .  e . at the current levels , more than 1 . 2 million persons are dying every year due to road accidents . even at the current rates , more than 24 million lives will be lost in road accidents over the next twenty years ( i . e . life of the patent , when granted ) . besides , at the current levels .  3 . 2 million people are injured every year . in the next twenty years , the number of people injured due to road accident , will therefore be more than half a billion .  f . if we add to that the personal , physical and psychological traumas to those directly involved in and also to those who are associated with the people involved in the road accidents . the trauma and the misery and henceforth the value of the savings , are all unmeasurable in quantities , presently known to human kind .  g . considering the figures and dynamics as explained hereinabove , it may not be improper or out of place to compare this technology with the introduction of electricity , computer or aircrafts in terms of its value to mankind .  h . the benefits of this technology will be so obvious and essential that , in the very near future , the use of this technology will become unavoidable . it should and will become mandatory by law , to install such technology and the installation of such technology should and will be a pre - requisite for granting or renewal of the registration and license of all vehicles in future .  i . as described hereinabove ; this technology and its utility are incomparable , outthought of , and unheard of till date . it will open a new floodgate in human travel and safety measures . in future , it can and will be applied to other mode of transport , like aircrafts and trains also .  . among other things , we have the following options available to us : - options  available to us : -  a - outright sale  ( a ) immediate outright sale of the idea and the concept along with our filed applications for one time lump sum consideration .  ( b ) further development of the concept and further filing of patent and all patent related applications , before taking steps as outlined in "" a "" .  the process ( b ) will obviously increase the realization in terms of price .  b - licencing options  i ) new vehicles - granting of licenses to manufacturers of automobiles , individually or collectively , all over the world for incorporation in the automobiles to be manufactured in future on fixed time or per piece basis .  ii ) conversion of existing vehicles - to independent agents for conversion of the existing more than 1000 billion vehicles all over the world .  c - combined options  a collaborative arrangement with some private and / or government agency wherein we receive a certain down payment and then jointly distribute the licensing rights on a pre - decided sharing ( partnership ) arrangement .  the economics of the project will be as follows : -  1 ) in case any / all processes and systems described by us are incorporated in the design of new vehicles and the new vehicles are manufactured in accordance with the modified designs , the cost escalation may not be more than 5 % to 8 % , and the safety and the protection will be ten times ( more than ) the price escalation . hence , drop in insurance premier will compensate for the cost escalation .  2 ) in case , the existing vehicles are modified , the cost involved will be approximately 10 % to 15 % of the value of the vehicle .  but partial modifications at a lower cost , which will give partial protection , may also be carried out . as a thumb rule , the cost of modification in percentage terms will be about one fifth of the percentage of safety and protection provided .  3 ) in case the value of the vehicles is low or the life of the vehicle is about to expire , the partial modifications may be practically and economically viable , as incorporation onto a new vehicle is relatively less expensive and more protective .  4 ) there are more than 1000 billion motor vehicles in the world at present . besides there are an unspecified number of non - motorized ehicles .  5 ) almost all of them can be converted in phased manner to a variable degree . the cost of conversion will be directly proportional to their current market value and the safety shield to be generated there from .  6 ) among the motorised vehicles , the conversion cost may work out of few dollars for every percent of safety shield created the exact calculation can be worked out , but over all , some of the methods may provide more safety at lower cost compared to the other which may differ in efficiency .  7 ) even if we consider a very vague and approximate cost of conversion of 300 us $ per vehicle , the conversion industry works out to be worth 3 , 00 , 000 billion us $ .  8 ) realising the potential of the product in terms of human safety , it will be reasonable to presume that majority of such conversion will be completed over a period of three years from the starting date .  9 ) as pointed hereinabove , the size of the conversion industry may be estimated to , in the range of 1 , 00 , 000 billion us $ per year over the next three years .  10 ) alternatively , considering the diversity of available motorised vehicles all over the world , conversion licensing can also be commercially viable proposition . for such conversion , licenses can be granted on - line , on receipt of on - line payments . in that case , different rates for granting conversion to vehicles having specific registration numbers can be granted in accordance with and in proportion to the size , carrying capacity and the engine power of the vehicle .  11 ) in case , licensing is done , the creation and installation of the concerned systems will be done by the end - user , as per his circumstances and needs . however , piracy is likely to be a major problem in such licensing .  12 ) it is likely that as and when the systems are introduced in the motorised vehicles , unusual and unprecedented demand of new vehicles is created . this will result in massive rejection of the vehicles currently playing all over the world and stimulate an entirely new market as far as motorised vehicle is concerned . the size of such market is difficult to either comprehend and / or estimate .  p . s .  1 ) some of the figures have been rounded off but generally the figures are correct .  2 ) we have tried to keep this communication brief and to the point . more details , including website references are available with us and can be provided , if required . ",1,reduction road accidents august dear sir madam case received mail earlier kindly ignore mail may sent mistake mailing list intention sending regular mails anybody devised set systems reduce damage caused vehicles deaths injury caused passengers pedestrians vehicular accidents seventy five percent already filed process filing multiple appropriate disclosure documents provisional patent applications united states patent trademarks office uspto also applications patent co operation treaty world intellectual property organization wipo geneva absolutely doubt idea new innovative moreover confident sure help reducing minimizing human suffering large extent doubt product devised us change face earth forever brief details relating product detailed annexures following headings statistics advantages options economics looking followings business consultancy advice regarding viable practical profitable course action circumstances also consultancy patents one person moderately injured every three seconds one person mildly injured every three seconds c current yearly automobile sales worldwide billion us number automobiles worldwide billion pieces e daily loss caused due vehicular accidents worldwide billion us per day worldwide gross national product billion us us per year billion us per day theadvantages technology developed us introduction technology dramatically reduce expenses auto insurance reduction insurance cost par even expenses incurred towards introduction technology modern day vehicles accordingly life insurance premier also undergo drastic reduction additionally saving lives outgo insurance companies reduce substantially b per studies projections road accidents occupy number nine positions way causes death world today projected year occupy number three positions next heart disease depression introduction technology sure happen contrary massive reduction number deaths due road accidents road accidents may figure list major causes death year c technology therefore make vehicles cheaper safer cost reduced safety priceless also greatly enhanced regular patent application filed patent granted life patent years even current levels road accidents placed number nine list major cause death daily loss two billion us even present level period twenty years without interest without compounding loss works billion us x days x years billion us technology ensure least seventy five percent losses prevented figure works billion us important note projection current level per future projections incidents road accidents expected increase hence figure likely increase substantially addition time factor interest factor inflate figure e current levels million persons dying every year due road accidents even current rates million lives lost road accidents next twenty years e life patent granted besides current levels million people injured every year next twenty years number people injured due road accident therefore half billion f add personal physical psychological traumas directly involved also associated people involved road accidents trauma misery henceforth value savings unmeasurable quantities presently known human kind g considering figures dynamics explained hereinabove may improper place compare technology introduction electricity computer aircrafts terms value mankind h benefits technology obvious essential near future use technology become unavoidable become mandatory law install technology installation technology pre requisite granting renewal registration license vehicles future described hereinabove technology utility incomparable outthought unheard till date open new floodgate human travel safety measures future applied mode transport like aircrafts trains also among things following options available us options available us outright sale immediate outright sale idea concept along filed applications one time lump sum consideration b development concept filing patent patent related applications taking steps outlined process b obviously increase realization terms price b licencing options new vehicles granting licenses manufacturers automobiles individually collectively world incorporation automobiles manufactured future fixed time per piece basis ii conversion existing vehicles independent agents conversion existing billion vehicles world c combined options collaborative arrangement private government agency wherein receive certain payment jointly distribute licensing rights pre decided sharing partnership arrangement economics project follows case processes systems described us incorporated design new vehicles new vehicles manufactured accordance modified designs cost escalation may safety protection ten times price escalation hence drop insurance premier compensate cost escalation case existing vehicles modified cost involved approximately value vehicle partial modifications lower cost give partial protection may also carried thumb rule cost modification percentage terms one fifth percentage safety protection provided case value vehicles low life vehicle expire partial modifications may practically economically viable incorporation onto new vehicle relatively less expensive protective billion motor vehicles world present besides unspecified number non motorized ehicles almost converted phased manner variable degree cost conversion directly proportional current market value safety shield generated among motorised vehicles conversion cost may work dollars every percent safety shield created exact calculation worked methods may provide safety lower cost compared may differ efficiency even consider vague approximate cost conversion us per vehicle conversion industry works worth billion us realising potential product terms human safety reasonable presume majority conversion completed period three years starting date pointed hereinabove size conversion industry may estimated range billion us per year next three years alternatively considering diversity available motorised vehicles world conversion licensing also commercially viable proposition conversion licenses granted line receipt line payments case different rates granting conversion vehicles specific registration numbers granted accordance proportion size carrying capacity engine power vehicle case licensing done creation installation concerned systems done end user per circumstances needs however piracy likely major problem licensing likely systems introduced motorised vehicles unusual unprecedented demand new vehicles created result massive rejection vehicles currently playing world stimulate entirely new market far motorised vehicle concerned size market difficult either comprehend estimate p figures rounded generally figures correct tried keep communication brief point details including website references available us provided required
"Subject: re : resume ,  jinbaek ,  we shall invite you to an interview in houston .  vince  jinbaek kim on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 25 : 36 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : resume ,  dear mr . kaminski ,  hi ,  i am a ph . d student at ieor department at u . c . berkeley .  thanks for your presentation today .  it gave me knowledge and interest in electricity markets ,  and your company .  as you mentioned in the presentation ,  i send a resume to give me opportunity to learn more  about your company .  i hope i can join the super saturday event .  jinbaek  - resume . doc",0,resume jinbaek shall invite interview houston vince jinbaek kim pm vkamins enron com cc subject resume dear mr kaminski hi ph student ieor department u c berkeley thanks presentation today gave knowledge interest electricity markets company mentioned presentation send resume give opportunity learn company hope join super saturday event jinbaek resume doc
"Subject: tff 2001 meeting date question  hello from texas ,  we are trying to set up our meeting date for the 2001 conference and have run  into a snag . we cannot get our san antonio hotel on the first weekend in  april ( as last year ) . however , we can get the hotel and make all our "" fun ""  arrangements for the second weekend in april . however , this is easter  weekend . the good news is that the room rates are substantially lower  because it ' s a holiday . however , we are concerned that holding the meeting  on this particular friday - saturday will interfere with family plans such that  some or many of you may not be able to attend .  my related question to you is this :  does holding the meeting on the second weekend in april ( easter weekend ) pose  a problem for you ? please give us your thoughts asap even if you think you  may not be able to attend this year ' s conference . we need your opinion to  guide our decision .  thanks and i hope to see you all again next april ( sometime ) !  john  p . s . we are very fortunate to have enron return as our corporate sponsor  again this year .  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,tff meeting date question hello texas trying set meeting date conference run snag get san antonio hotel first weekend april last year however get hotel make fun arrangements second weekend april however easter weekend good news room rates substantially lower holiday however concerned holding meeting particular friday saturday interfere family plans many may able attend related question holding meeting second weekend april easter weekend pose problem please give us thoughts asap even think may able attend year conference need opinion guide decision thanks hope see next april sometime john p fortunate enron return corporate sponsor year john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: fast ship viagra , phentermine , etc . . . riym  we ship worldwide within 24 hours !  no waiting rooms , drug stores , or embarrassing conversations .  our licensed pharmacists will have your order to you in 1 or 2 days !  click this link to get started today !  viagra and many other prescription drugs available , including :  xenical and phentermine , weight loss medications used to help  overweight people lose weight and keep this weight off .  valtrex , treatement for herpes .  propecia , the first pill that effectively treats  male pattern hair loss .  zyban , zyban is the first nicotine - free pill that ,  as part of a comprehensive program from  your health care professional , can help you  stop smoking .  claritin , provides effective relief from the symptoms  of seasonal allergies . and much more . . .  cilck this link to get started today !  to be extracted from future contacts visit :  http : / / worldrxco . com / remove . php  flierguy 49 _ 2000  http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork",1,fast ship viagra phentermine etc riym ship worldwide within hours waiting rooms drug stores embarrassing conversations licensed pharmacists order days click link get started today viagra many prescription drugs available including xenical phentermine weight loss medications used help overweight people lose weight keep weight valtrex treatement herpes propecia first pill effectively treats male pattern hair loss zyban zyban first nicotine free pill part comprehensive program health care professional help stop smoking claritin provides effective relief symptoms seasonal allergies much cilck link get started today extracted future contacts visit http worldrxco com remove php flierguy http xent com mailman listinfo fork
"Subject: cme and catex  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2000  04 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lucy ortiz  04 / 05 / 2000 04 : 02 pm  to : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : cme and catex  spotlight report  exchange products seeing slow trading  gavin souter  03 / 20 / 2000  business insurance  page 3  copyright ( c ) 2000 crain communications , inc . all rights  reserved .  exchange - based insurance products developed in recent years have  been somewhat slow to get off the ground .  although several exchanges have offered derivative contracts since  the mid - 1990 s to cover insurance risks , none so far has posted a  significant volume of trades .  few insurers , reinsurers or policyholders have been drawn away  from the traditional insurance markets , where capacity remains  abundant and relatively cheap .  as long as those traditional markets manage to weather major  natural catastrophes , the allure of the exchange - based products will  remain limited , observers say .  also stifling the growth of the exchange - based contracts is the  limited number of contracts available , one expert noted . dealers , he  said , are unable to secure a suitable hedge by laying off one  contract against another .  although the various exchanges have had a good opportunity to  establish a widely used set of new risk financing products , that has  not been achieved , said morton lane , senior managing director ,  capital markets division at gerling global financial products in  new york .  the main problem with the existing exchanges is that they do not  offer a sufficiently diverse array of products , he said . the only way  to control the risks in the catastrophe options is to have a diversified  portfolio of other contracts , and none of the exchanges currently  offers a sufficiently broad range of options to provide for that  hedge , he said .  florida windstorm options , for example , cannot be bought and then  hedged in the same way that international business machines corp .  stock options contracts can be hedged with ibm stock , mr . lane  explained .  the exchanges might be more attractive to investors if , in addition to  natural catastrophe options , they included options on other risks , he  said . those might include , for example , satellite , aviation and crop  indexes , mr . lane said . "" for the insurance buyer , such exchange  instruments would not represent the perfect risk transfer vehicle , but  as long as they are quantifiable and indexable , they may represent a  good surrogate , "" he said .  the exchanges could also be used to create a derivatives market for  over - the - counter securitized deals , if there are regular issuers of  catastrophe bonds , mr . lane said .  the soft insurance market has also hindered the growth of  exchange - based insurance products , said sean f . mooney , senior  vp and chief economist at guy carpenter & co . , the reinsurance  brokerage unit of marsh inc . in new york .  "" the traditional market has been so competitive that people are not  looking for other ways of doing business , "" he said .  at least in concept , the exchange - based deals are generally similar  to the mortgage - backed securities that have been a huge success  since they were introduced in the 1970 s . "" there is a belief that  alternative means of transferring risks will grow , but it is difficult to  predict when , "" mr . mooney said .  currently , the trading that is taking place typically involves  established insurers and reinsurers , so the exchanges have not  brought substantial new capacity to the marketplace , he said .  guy carpenter provided the index for the bermuda commodities  exchange reinsurance products . the bce did not take off ,  however , and was suspended last year after two years of little  activity .  the oldest of the insurance - related , exchange - based derivative  products are the catastrophe options traded on the chicago board  of trade , which began trading the options in 1996 .  initially , there was substantial interest in the options , but the soft  traditional market has hampered use of the contracts to hedge  catastrophe exposures , said carlton purty , an independent broker  at the cbot who trades in options .  no catastrophe option trades have been completed at the cbot  so far this year , he said . last year , there was increased interest in  the contracts because of hurricane floyd , but few contracts were  traded , mr . purty said .  "" i think a major , major catastrophe will have to happen before they  really take off , "" he said .  the contracts offer real protection , and options dealers are keen to  trade in a new niche , but the conventional insurance and reinsurance  markets are so soft that few companies are turning to alternative  coverage options , mr . purty said .  the catastrophe risk exchange , located in princeton , n . j . , has  radically changed its structure since it was originally announced in  mid - 1996 , and it is well positioned to expand , said frank sweeney ,  chief operating officer .  catex initially planned to be a computer - based facility for  reinsurers that would enable them to exchange catastrophe risks  and to build balanced portfolios .  but by the time the exchange was operational in november 1996 , it  was clear that most reinsurers and insurers interested in catex  wanted only to buy and sell conventional reinsurance , mr . sweeney  said .  although there was some interest in risk swapping , only a handful of  risks were posted on the system , and none was traded , mr .  sweeney said .  consequently , catex has become chiefly a "" cash for cover ""  exchange , he said , noting that the risks reinsured on the exchange  include property catastrophe coverage , aviation and liability  coverages . catex also trades industry loss warranties , where  coverage is triggered by an actual loss combined with an industry  loss over an agreed threshold .  other adjustments to the exchange included making it accessible  through the internet in november 1998 . and late last year , catex  offered users the ability to set up smaller networks , allowing them  form groups whose members do business only with one another .  since its inception , catex has completed about 450 trades ,  totaling $ 400 million in premium and more than $ 3 billion in limits ,  he said . catex ' s roughly 160 subscribers include reinsurers ,  insurers and corporate entities that purchase coverage through their  captives , mr . sweeney said .  "" we obviously have a long way to go , but we are pretty satisfied  with what we have achieved so far , "" mr . sweeney said .  the exchange sees increased activity after major losses , as cedents  seek to buy replacement coverage to offset depletions in their  existing cover , he said . for example , mr . sweeney said , there was  a flurry of activity after the european windstorms in december last  year .  last september , the chicago mercantile exchange entered the field  of insurance - related derivatives when it began offering weather  derivatives .  thus far , 420 futures contracts have been traded , said larry  grannan , senior director in product marketing at the cme .  such contracts are designed to allow businesses to hedge against  weather - related losses . for example , a utility may sell less power in  a mild winter , and it would be able to use the futures to hedge a  resultant fall in revenues .  the exchange first offered heat - based indexes for atlanta , chicago ,  cincinnati and new york . in january , it added philadelphia , dallas ,  des moines , las vegas , tucson and portland , and it began offering  contracts based on cold weather .  currently , most of the trades are between securities dealers  themselves , but , eventually , the contracts will likely be used more  extensively by utilities and insurers , mr . grannan said .  in addition , the futures contracts could be used as hedges for  over - the - counter securitized deals , he said .  copyright , 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .",0,cme catex forwarded joseph hrgovcic hou ect pm lucy ortiz pm joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect cc subject cme catex spotlight report exchange products seeing slow trading gavin souter business insurance page copyright c crain communications inc rights reserved exchange based insurance products developed recent years somewhat slow get ground although several exchanges offered derivative contracts since mid cover insurance risks none far posted significant volume trades insurers reinsurers policyholders drawn away traditional insurance markets capacity remains abundant relatively cheap long traditional markets manage weather major natural catastrophes allure exchange based products remain limited observers say also stifling growth exchange based contracts limited number contracts available one expert noted dealers said unable secure suitable hedge laying one contract another although various exchanges good opportunity establish widely used set new risk financing products achieved said morton lane senior managing director capital markets division gerling global financial products new york main problem existing exchanges offer sufficiently diverse array products said way control risks catastrophe options diversified portfolio contracts none exchanges currently offers sufficiently broad range options provide hedge said florida windstorm options example bought hedged way international business machines corp stock options contracts hedged ibm stock mr lane explained exchanges might attractive investors addition natural catastrophe options included options risks said might include example satellite aviation crop indexes mr lane said insurance buyer exchange instruments would represent perfect risk transfer vehicle long quantifiable indexable may represent good surrogate said exchanges could also used create derivatives market counter securitized deals regular issuers catastrophe bonds mr lane said soft insurance market also hindered growth exchange based insurance products said sean f mooney senior vp chief economist guy carpenter co reinsurance brokerage unit marsh inc new york traditional market competitive people looking ways business said least concept exchange based deals generally similar mortgage backed securities huge success since introduced belief alternative means transferring risks grow difficult predict mr mooney said currently trading taking place typically involves established insurers reinsurers exchanges brought substantial new capacity marketplace said guy carpenter provided index bermuda commodities exchange reinsurance products bce take however suspended last year two years little activity oldest insurance related exchange based derivative products catastrophe options traded chicago board trade began trading options initially substantial interest options soft traditional market hampered use contracts hedge catastrophe exposures said carlton purty independent broker cbot trades options catastrophe option trades completed cbot far year said last year increased interest contracts hurricane floyd contracts traded mr purty said think major major catastrophe happen really take said contracts offer real protection options dealers keen trade new niche conventional insurance reinsurance markets soft companies turning alternative coverage options mr purty said catastrophe risk exchange located princeton n j radically changed structure since originally announced mid well positioned expand said frank sweeney chief operating officer catex initially planned computer based facility reinsurers would enable exchange catastrophe risks build balanced portfolios time exchange operational november clear reinsurers insurers interested catex wanted buy sell conventional reinsurance mr sweeney said although interest risk swapping handful risks posted system none traded mr sweeney said consequently catex become chiefly cash cover exchange said noting risks reinsured exchange include property catastrophe coverage aviation liability coverages catex also trades industry loss warranties coverage triggered actual loss combined industry loss agreed threshold adjustments exchange included making accessible internet november late last year catex offered users ability set smaller networks allowing form groups whose members business one another since inception catex completed trades totaling million premium billion limits said catex roughly subscribers include reinsurers insurers corporate entities purchase coverage captives mr sweeney said obviously long way go pretty satisfied achieved far mr sweeney said exchange sees increased activity major losses cedents seek buy replacement coverage offset depletions existing cover said example mr sweeney said flurry activity european windstorms december last year last september chicago mercantile exchange entered field insurance related derivatives began offering weather derivatives thus far futures contracts traded said larry grannan senior director product marketing cme contracts designed allow businesses hedge weather related losses example utility may sell less power mild winter would able use futures hedge resultant fall revenues exchange first offered heat based indexes atlanta chicago cincinnati new york january added philadelphia dallas des moines las vegas tucson portland began offering contracts based cold weather currently trades securities dealers eventually contracts likely used extensively utilities insurers mr grannan said addition futures contracts could used hedges counter securitized deals said copyright dow jones company inc rights reserved
"Subject: re : summer internship position  celeste ,  we need to make sure that the interns in vince ' s group are coordinated and  incorporated with the rest of the summer associates . they should be offered  the same starting dates , i believe they are may 22 , 2000 june 5 , 2000 . i am  not sure about the june date . would you check and let vince know . they  should also be offered the same starting salary package as the others . they  will be included in training ( a few days ) and any other events we host .  thanks",0,summer internship position celeste need make sure interns vince group coordinated incorporated rest summer associates offered starting dates believe may june sure june date would check let vince know also offered starting salary package others included training days events host thanks
"Subject: new book out : theory of financial risks  dear colleague ,  you have recently downloaded a draft version of our book ,  we are pleased to announce that it is now available in print :  * * * theory of financial risks * * *  > from statistical physics to risk management  by jean - philippe bouchaud ( commissariat a l ' energie atomique , saclay )  and marc potters ( science & finance )  cambridge university press ( 2000 )  isbn 0 521 78232 5  the book is available in bookstores in europe and should be  available before october in the rest of the world . you can find out  more about it , including links to order it on - line , on our web site :  http : / / www . science - finance . fr / book . html  we wish you a pleasant reading ,  sincerely ,  jean - philippe bouchaud  and marc potters  - -  science & finance - - capital fund management  109 - 111 rue victor hugo | book @ science - finance . fr  92532 levallois | tel : + 33 . 1 . 41 . 27 . 91 . 11  france | fax : + 33 . 1 . 47 . 39 . 04 . 47",0,new book theory financial risks dear colleague recently downloaded draft version book pleased announce available print theory financial risks statistical physics risk management jean philippe bouchaud commissariat l energie atomique saclay marc potters science finance cambridge university press isbn book available bookstores europe available october rest world find including links order line web site http www science finance fr book html wish pleasant reading sincerely jean philippe bouchaud marc potters science finance capital fund management rue victor hugo book science finance fr levallois tel france fax
"Subject: june 21 - 22 retail electricity conference  dear workshop participant :  i hope you will be able to join us for the conference on "" retail  participation in competitive power markets "" to be held at the littlefield  conference center , stanford university , on june 21 - 22 , 2001 . conference  attire will be business casual .  the meeting will begin on thursday morning , june 21 , at 9 : 00 a . m . and will  conclude by 5 : 00 p . m . on friday , june 22 . a continental breakfast will be  available in the meeting room each morning beginning at 8 : 30 a . m .  please visit the "" june 21 - 22 "" meeting under  for a description of the meeting and some information about hotels .  please help us in our planning by using the form there to respond back to  emf about your participation . we have listed potential participants and  planned presentations based upon previous messages . please update me with  any additional presentations or changes in existing presentations .  i look forward to seeing you in june . in the interim , please do not  hesitate to call me or email me if you have questions or suggestions  regarding this workshop .  hill huntington  hillard g . huntington  emf - an international forum on  energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050  408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362  stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu  stanford , ca 94305 - 4026  emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf /",0,june retail electricity conference dear workshop participant hope able join us conference retail participation competitive power markets held littlefield conference center stanford university june conference attire business casual meeting begin thursday morning june conclude p friday june continental breakfast available meeting room morning beginning please visit june meeting description meeting information hotels please help us planning using form respond back emf participation listed potential participants planned presentations based upon previous messages please update additional presentations changes existing presentations look forward seeing june interim please hesitate call email questions suggestions regarding workshop hill huntington hillard g huntington emf international forum energy environmental markets voice terman center fax stanford university email hillh stanford edu stanford ca emf website http www stanford edu group emf
"Subject: fresh , crisp leads from allmerica financial  through  established sponsored market programs with cpa firms ,  banks , credit unions and property and casualty firms ,  you ' ll receive the kind of leads you need to grow your  client base and meet their long - term financial needs .  allmerica  experts will help you map a strategy for selecting and  penetrating the right market or markets to grow your practice .  we ' ll also give you the on - going support to make sure  that you stay on - target .  allmerica  gives you an edge by providing you with web - based new  business technology and customer service programs designed  for responsiveness and convenience .  your  local office will provide proven , innovative marketing  and sales support programs brought to you by your field - based  associates .  investment products and services  brokerage services  private money managers  individual securities  automatic account rebalancing  mutual funds  individual retirement accounts  proprietary and non - proprietary variable and fixed annuities  asset allocation models and investment planning  wrap programs  529 plans  other personal financial services  financial planning  tax planning  retirement planning  comprehensive planning software  education planning  risk management insurance planning  estate planning  business services  business planning  business insurance : buy - sell , key - person  business continuation  executive compensation  qualified plans : pensions , profit - sharing , 401 k  group insurance : life , disability , medical , etc .  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  02 - 0977  we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish  to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to  insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,  do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,fresh crisp leads allmerica financial established sponsored market programs cpa firms banks credit unions property casualty firms receive kind leads need grow client base meet long term financial needs allmerica experts help map strategy selecting penetrating right market markets grow practice also give going support make sure stay target allmerica gives edge providing web based new business technology customer service programs designed responsiveness convenience local office provide proven innovative marketing sales support programs brought field based associates investment products services brokerage services private money managers individual securities automatic account rebalancing mutual funds individual retirement accounts proprietary non proprietary variable fixed annuities asset allocation models investment planning wrap programs plans personal financial services financial planning tax planning retirement planning comprehensive planning software education planning risk management insurance planning estate planning business services business planning business insurance buy sell key person business continuation executive compensation qualified plans pensions profit sharing k group insurance life disability medical etc please fill form information name e mail phone city state want anybody receive mailing wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: re : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de on august  11 , 2000  please note that dennis benevides has been added to the interview schedule  for rabi de on august 11 , 2000 .  9 : 00 - 9 : 30 am vince kaminiski  9 : 30 - 10 : 00 am stinson gibner  10 : 00 - 10 : 30 am grant masson  10 : 30 - 11 : 00 am krishna krishnarao  11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am tanya tamarchenko  11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch with tanya tamarchenko and zimin lu  1 : 00 - 1 : 30 pm zimin lu  1 : 30 - 2 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue  2 : 00 - 2 : 30 pm paulo issler  2 : 45 - 3 : 15 pm dennis benevides  the following interview schedule has been set up for rabi s . de by sean  grady , hr staffing :  9 : 00 - 9 : 30 am vince kaminiski  9 : 30 - 10 : 00 am stinson gibner  10 : 00 - 10 : 30 am grant masson  10 : 30 - 11 : 00 am krishna krishnarao  11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am tanya tamarchenko  11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch with tanya tamarchenko and zimin lu  1 : 00 - 1 : 30 pm zimin lu  1 : 30 - 2 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue  2 : 00 - 2 : 30 pm paulo issler  please call me if you have any questions or if a conflict develops and you  need to change your interview time . thanks . anita  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 08 / 01 / 2000 02 : 21  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pinnamaneni krishnarao @ ect  07 / 31 / 2000 05 : 30 pm  to : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de  anita :  can you add dennis benevides ( assistant kathy bass ) to interview rabi de ?  sorry for the late request .  thanks ,  krishna  anita dupont @ enron  07 / 31 / 2000 03 : 49 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant  masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect ,  paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de  the following interview schedule has been set up for rabi s . de by sean  grady , hr staffing :  9 : 00 - 9 : 30 am vince kaminiski  9 : 30 - 10 : 00 am stinson gibner  10 : 00 - 10 : 30 am grant masson  10 : 30 - 11 : 00 am krishna krishnarao  11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am tanya tamarchenko  11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch with tanya tamarchenko and zimin lu  1 : 00 - 1 : 30 pm zimin lu  1 : 30 - 2 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue  2 : 00 - 2 : 30 pm paulo issler  please call me if you have any questions or if a conflict develops and you  need to change your interview time . thanks . anita",0,interview research dept candidate rabi de august please note dennis benevides added interview schedule rabi de august vince kaminiski stinson gibner grant masson krishna krishnarao tanya tamarchenko pm lunch tanya tamarchenko zimin lu pm zimin lu pm vasant shanbhogue pm paulo issler pm dennis benevides following interview schedule set rabi de sean grady hr staffing vince kaminiski stinson gibner grant masson krishna krishnarao tanya tamarchenko pm lunch tanya tamarchenko zimin lu pm zimin lu pm vasant shanbhogue pm paulo issler please call questions conflict develops need change interview time thanks anita forwarded anita dupont na enron pm pinnamaneni krishnarao ect pm anita dupont na enron enron cc subject interview research dept candidate rabi de anita add dennis benevides assistant kathy bass interview rabi de sorry late request thanks krishna anita dupont enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect cc subject interview research dept candidate rabi de following interview schedule set rabi de sean grady hr staffing vince kaminiski stinson gibner grant masson krishna krishnarao tanya tamarchenko pm lunch tanya tamarchenko zimin lu pm zimin lu pm vasant shanbhogue pm paulo issler please call questions conflict develops need change interview time thanks anita
"Subject: re : good morning / afternoon  john ,  the phone number for ken lay is ( 713 ) 853 - 6773 .  my recommendation is to call mark palmer first and discuss the book  with him . his recommendation will open the door . i shall mention this to him  as well . mark ' s phone number is ( 713 ) 853 - 4738 .  vince  "" john d . martin "" on 03 / 30 / 2001 12 : 12 : 50 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : good morning / afternoon  vince ,  one of my colleagues here at baylor is writing a book about "" the business  of heaven "" in which he interviews prominent business leaders . bob darden  is his name and he ' s a former journalist and nice guy . he would like to  contact ken lay about being one of his interviews . do you think this is  possible ? if so , could you give me an address / phone numbers that bob might  use to contact ken ' s secretary about setting up an interview ?  if this is in any way "" not ok "" please just say so .  see ya ,  john  > date : fri , 30 mar 2001 11 : 35 : 03 - 0600  > from : robert darden  > subject : yo !  > x - sender : "" robert darden "" ( unverified )  > to : j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > organization : the door  > x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 04 [ en ] c - flashnet ( win 95 ; i )  >  > hi john - - i enjoyed our meeting yesterday . this looks very promising .  > meanwhile , as i mentioned at the table , i ' m getting a little nervous  > about the book that is due june 1 .  > one of the names on our "" wish "" list of interviewees for "" the business of  > heaven "" is ken lay at enron .  > would it be possible for you to give me a good address and phone number  > for mr . lay ' s office ?  > and may i mention your name in the cover letter ?  > i would be forever indebted . i might even buy the next lunch .  > bob  > p . s . thanks for sharing your concerns about church yesterday , too . i ' m  > genuinely sorry things didn ' t work out better and feel more than a  > little embarrassed that i didn ' t work harder to make you guys feel more  > welcome and connected . on the other hand , please know that mary and i  > will always love you and consider you both friends . i know you ' ll be  > happy at lake shore - - even as we miss you at 7 th !  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,good morning afternoon john phone number ken lay recommendation call mark palmer first discuss book recommendation open door shall mention well mark phone number vince john martin pm vkamins enron com cc subject good morning afternoon vince one colleagues baylor writing book business heaven interviews prominent business leaders bob darden name former journalist nice guy would like contact ken lay one interviews think possible could give address phone numbers bob might use contact ken secretary setting interview way ok please say see ya john date fri mar robert darden subject yo x sender robert darden unverified j martin baylor edu organization door x mailer mozilla en c flashnet win hi john enjoyed meeting yesterday looks promising meanwhile mentioned table getting little nervous book due june one names wish list interviewees business heaven ken lay enron would possible give good address phone number mr lay office may mention name cover letter would forever indebted might even buy next lunch bob p thanks sharing concerns church yesterday genuinely sorry things work better feel little embarrassed work harder make guys feel welcome connected hand please know mary always love consider friends know happy lake shore even miss th john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  i will ask him which specific directories he needs to access .  - - stinson  vince j kaminski  11 / 22 / 2000 08 : 08 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  stinson ,  should we do it ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000  08 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  arsystem @ mailman . enron . com on 11 / 21 / 2000 07 : 04 : 54 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  this request has been pending approval for 2 days and you are the  alternate . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000007876  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 11 / 20 / 00 2 : 36 : 29 pm  requested for : stewart . range @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory",0,approval overdue access request stewart range enron com ask specific directories needs access stinson vince j kaminski stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject approval overdue access request stewart range enron com stinson vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect arsystem mailman enron com pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject approval overdue access request stewart range enron com request pending approval days alternate please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date pm requested stewart range enron com resource name enehou houston common research read write resource type directory
"Subject: re : biliana ' s resume  biliana ,  i am glad i could help .  look forward to working with you .  vince  biliana pehlivanova on 12 / 31 / 2000 08 : 19 : 52 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : biliana ' s resume  mr . kaminski ,  i would like to thank you for forwarding my resume . i  have resently accepted enron ' s offer for a position  with the analyst program and will be joining the  company in february .  hope you had a merry christmas and wish you a happy  new year ' s !  regards ,  biliana  - - - vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > biliana ,  >  > i forwarded your resume to the hr person  > responsible for recruiting at your university  > with my recommendation .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > biliana pehlivanova  > on 09 / 28 / 2000 06 : 02 : 20  > pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : biliana ' s resume  >  >  > mr . kaminski ,  >  >  > thank you for referring me to your recruitment  > representative .  >  > attached is my resume . i would appreciate you  > letting  > me know the name of the hr person whom i can folow  > up  > with .  >  > best regards ,  > biliana  >  >  > = = = = =  > = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  > biliana pehlivanova  > vice president of incoming exchange  > aiesec houston  > 713 743 - 4927  > = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  >  > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  > do you yahoo ! ?  > yahoo ! photos - 35 mm quality prints , now get 15  > free !  > http : / / photos . yahoo . com /  > ( see attached file : biliana ' s resume . doc )  >  >  >  > attachment part 2 application / octet - stream  name = biliana ' s resume . doc  = = = = =  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  biliana pehlivanova  vice president of incoming exchange  aiesec houston  713 743 - 4927  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! photos - share your holiday photos online !  http : / / photos . yahoo . com /",0,biliana resume biliana glad could help look forward working vince biliana pehlivanova vince j kaminski enron com cc subject biliana resume mr kaminski would like thank forwarding resume resently accepted enron offer position analyst program joining company february hope merry christmas wish happy new year regards biliana vince j kaminski enron com wrote biliana forwarded resume hr person responsible recruiting university recommendation vince biliana pehlivanova pm vkamins enron com cc subject biliana resume mr kaminski thank referring recruitment representative attached resume would appreciate letting know name hr person folow best regards biliana biliana pehlivanova vice president incoming exchange aiesec houston yahoo yahoo photos mm quality prints get free http photos yahoo com see attached file biliana resume doc attachment part application octet stream name biliana resume doc biliana pehlivanova vice president incoming exchange aiesec houston yahoo yahoo photos share holiday photos online http photos yahoo com
"Subject: raptor position reports for 12 / 28 / 00  attached are the latest available daily position report files for the 4  raptor vehicles which include spreadsheets detailing what is hedged within  each vehicle . one thing that i forgot to mention in our meeting yesterday is  that there is considerable indecision as to whether or not raptor 4 will be  included in the cross - guarantees , so we will need to have a value with or  without raptor 4 . i will send a follow - up e - mail with the latest drafts  available for the cross guarantees . let me know as questions arise . thanks  again .  ron  - - - - - forwarded by ron baker / corp / enron on 01 / 03 / 2001 09 : 25 am - - - - -  gordon mckillop  12 / 29 / 2000 12 : 26 pm  to : ben f glisan / hou / ect @ ect , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , richard  causey / corp / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : barry schnapper / corp / enron @ enron , andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , ryan  siurek / corp / enron @ enron , kevin d jordan / corp / enron @ enron , michael  kopper / hou / ect @ ect , chris loehr / hou / ect @ ect , anne yaeger / hou / ect @ ect , rodney  faldyn / corp / enron @ enron , ron baker / corp / enron @ enron ,  amy . flores @ ljminvestments . com , l ' sheryl hudson / hou / ect @ ect , wes  colwell / hou / ect @ ect , kevin howard / enron communications @ enron communications ,  david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , jordan mintz / hou / ect @ ect , maria  lebeau / hou / ect @ ect , michael s galvan / hou / ect @ ect , david maxwell / hou / ect @ ect ,  susie ayala / hou / ect @ ect , hope vargas / hou / ect @ ect , bob butts / gpgfin / enron @ enron  subject : raptor position reports for 12 / 28 / 00",0,raptor position reports attached latest available daily position report files raptor vehicles include spreadsheets detailing hedged within vehicle one thing forgot mention meeting yesterday considerable indecision whether raptor included cross guarantees need value without raptor send follow e mail latest drafts available cross guarantees let know questions arise thanks ron forwarded ron baker corp enron gordon mckillop pm ben f glisan hou ect ect andrew fastow hou ect ect richard causey corp enron enron rick buy hou ect ect greg whalley hou ect ect cc barry schnapper corp enron enron andrea v reed hou ect ect ryan siurek corp enron enron kevin jordan corp enron enron michael kopper hou ect ect chris loehr hou ect ect anne yaeger hou ect ect rodney faldyn corp enron enron ron baker corp enron enron amy flores ljminvestments com l sheryl hudson hou ect ect wes colwell hou ect ect kevin howard enron communications enron communications david port market risk corp enron enron jordan mintz hou ect ect maria lebeau hou ect ect michael galvan hou ect ect david maxwell hou ect ect susie ayala hou ect ect hope vargas hou ect ect bob butts gpgfin enron enron subject raptor position reports
"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  ordering viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miilions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1,ready get hello viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction like one jokes sais stronq enouqh man made woman ordering viaqra oniine convinient fast secure way miilions peopie daiiy save privacy money order
"Subject: enron image 2000 video is here  enron ' s image 2000 video is now available  we think you will like enron ' s new corporate image video , which can be used  for employees , customers , suppliers , government officials , and other  audiences who want to know about enron . the video features ken lay , jeff  skilling and joe sutton who discuss four key business initiatives :  broadband ; wholesale energy ; energy outsourcing services and enrononline .  the look and feel represents our people , culture and new branding .  mooresource has a large supply of standard vhs ( also known as ntsc ) copies ,  which is the format used in the u . s . and some international locations , and  copies in pal , which is the format used in the u . k . and in most european  locations . there also are special pal formats ( pal - m and pal - n ) available  for locations in south america .  you may use the order form below or , for those of you who prefer to order  electronically , you may do so from mooresource using the following item  numbers . if you aren ' t familiar with mooresource , please go  tohttp : / / home . enron . com : 84 / imgctr / and click on the mooresource button .  instructions for ordering will be provided there . if you have questions  about using mooresource , contact michael shea at 713 / 853 - 5418 .  order a copy today .  item # description price  43162 image video - vhs $ 4 . 25  43163 image video - pal $ 8 . 25  43164 image video - pal / m $ 15 . 00  43165 image video - pal / n $ 15 . 00",0,enron image video enron image video available think like enron new corporate image video used employees customers suppliers government officials audiences want know enron video features ken lay jeff skilling joe sutton discuss four key business initiatives broadband wholesale energy energy outsourcing services enrononline look feel represents people culture new branding mooresource large supply standard vhs also known ntsc copies format used u international locations copies pal format used u k european locations also special pal formats pal pal n available locations south america may use order form prefer order electronically may mooresource using following item numbers familiar mooresource please go tohttp home enron com imgctr click mooresource button instructions ordering provided questions using mooresource contact michael shea order copy today item description price image video vhs image video pal image video pal image video pal n
"Subject: enroncredit . com - credit pricing methodology  dear all ,  attached is a paper describing the proposed methodology for pricing the  "" bankruptcy swaps "" the credit markets group is launching next week . the  methodology is intentionally simplistic - the emphasis has been on providing  transparent models to give prices in a quick , easy - to - understand manner ,  rather than create any new "" rocket science "" . could one or all of you please  review the paper , and give feedback on the approach and advice on the areas  still under development . this will give us peace - of - mind before the big  launch .  bryan - could you reread this and outline the sections that need omitting or  expanding for publication on the website .  many thanks ,  ben",0,enroncredit com credit pricing methodology dear attached paper describing proposed methodology pricing bankruptcy swaps credit markets group launching next week methodology intentionally simplistic emphasis providing transparent models give prices quick easy understand manner rather create new rocket science could one please review paper give feedback approach advice areas still development give us peace mind big launch bryan could reread outline sections need omitting expanding publication website many thanks ben
"Subject: li sun  vince ,  thanks for your response . apparently , we were under the incorrect impression  that your group would be taking li ( based on jeff ' s note below ) . we  apologize for not contacting you last friday to confirm prior to "" placing "" li  in your group . i have faxed li ' s resume to you and hope that you will have  time to review it today . please call me back as soon as you can to discuss  li ' s opportunities in your group .  if vince is not interested in li for his group , we will consider li placed in  ena - gas trading ( original placement ) in john lavorato ' s organization . once  i hear from vince one way or the other , the program will consider li ' s  placement final in either research or ena - gas trading . hopefully this will  be resolved by tuesday morning so that we may communicate to li her rotation  information . if you have any questions , please let me know .  thank you !  vince j kaminski  08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 03 pm  to : jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : vikas dwivedi  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000  01 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  08 / 21 / 2000 12 : 58 pm  to : shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , hunter  s shively / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : vikas dwivedi  shelly ,  i shall not accept anybody for a rotation without a prior interview .  li was scheduled to meet with me last thursday but she never showed  up . she did not call to cancel or to apologize for not showing up .  i have not seen her resume .  please , assume she is not rotating into my group till further notice .  vince  from : shelly butler 08 / 18 / 2000 03 : 37 pm  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect  cc : hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , craig breslau / hou / ect @ ect , ina rangel / hou / ect @ ect  subject : vikas dwivedi  jeff ,  just wanted to confirm that li will be placed in vince kaminski ' s group .  vikas has been placed in ena middle market reporting to craig breslau .  please contact me at 3 - 4584 if you have any questions . thanks for your help ! !  shelly  from : jeffrey a shankman 08 / 18 / 2000 03 : 18 pm  to : shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron  subject :  shelly ,  hunter spoke with li today and agrees that her first rotation should be in  vince ' s group doing modelling , etc . this will give her the broadest  experience for a first rotation . i ' m sure the other person in question ,  vikas , will do very well in hunter ' s group .  thanks for your help .  jeff",0,li sun vince thanks response apparently incorrect impression group would taking li based jeff note apologize contacting last friday confirm prior placing li group faxed li resume hope time review today please call back soon discuss li opportunities group vince interested li group consider li placed ena gas trading original placement john lavorato organization hear vince one way program consider li placement final either research ena gas trading hopefully resolved tuesday morning may communicate li rotation information questions please let know thank vince j kaminski pm jana giovannini hou ect ect cc subject vikas dwivedi fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm shelly butler hou ect ect cc john j lavorato corp enron enron jeffrey shankman hou ect ect hunter shively hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject vikas dwivedi shelly shall accept anybody rotation without prior interview li scheduled meet last thursday never showed call cancel apologize showing seen resume please assume rotating group till notice vince shelly butler pm jeffrey shankman hou ect ect cc hunter shively hou ect ect john j lavorato corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect craig breslau hou ect ect ina rangel hou ect ect subject vikas dwivedi jeff wanted confirm li placed vince kaminski group vikas placed ena middle market reporting craig breslau please contact questions thanks help shelly jeffrey shankman pm shelly butler hou ect ect cc hunter shively hou ect ect john j lavorato corp enron enron subject shelly hunter spoke li today agrees first rotation vince group modelling etc give broadest experience first rotation sure person question vikas well hunter group thanks help jeff
"Subject: re : status  vince -  understood .  i am going to request two days of vacation , for monday and tuesday .  clayton",0,status vince understood going request two days vacation monday tuesday clayton
"Subject: re : real options conference in cambridge  steve ,  risk will give you more exposure in the peer group faster .  shan left ( i think they are firing people at risk - a normal development  for a successful company that got ahead of itself ) .  if risk does not work , i shall talk to phelim about speeding the publication .  vince  steven leppard  04 / 25 / 2000 08 : 06 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : real options conference in cambridge  hi vince  the person i was dealing with ( shan millie ) passed on my paper to her  successor , and i ' ve heard nothing since . the plan was to try and publish the  article in risk ' s "" game choices "" real options book , which is being published  in june , along with a summary version for the magazine .  i ' m supposed to be waiting for them to get back to me , and it ' s not been at  the front of my mind until now . i think i ' ll chase them up .  interestingly at a recent risk course phelim boyle expressed an interest in  my work to appear in one the the journals he edits , i think it ' s decision  science or something like that . do you think this would be a more  appropriate home for the work ?  one more thing that may be of interest to you is that i ' ve now worked forward  recursive dp into my notation too . it ' s simply a matter of putting the  decision nodes on the left hand side of the value symbols !  should i chase risk , or pursue the peer reviewed phelim boyle option ?  steve  vince j kaminski  04 / 25 / 2000 02 : 00 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : real options conference in cambridge  steve ,  how are the discussions with risk about an article progressing ?  vince  steven leppard  04 / 25 / 2000 05 : 07 am  to : lenos trigeorgis @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : real options conference in cambridge  lenos  i ' d like to give a talk entitled "" diagrammatic representation of real options  in enron "" , in which i will give a brief run - down of a diagrammatic technique  i have developed for representing real option deals . my notation allows  originators , managers and quants to communicate unambiguously , while still  appreciating the complexity and subtlety of real optionality . i have defined  a "" diagrammatic grammar "" which guarantees that the pricing of the deal  follows immediately and automatically from the diagram .  i propose to introduce the symbols and grammar , then go on to present some  suitable examples of diagrams . if appropriate i ' ll talk about the links with  dynamic programming . ( i will need some guidance as to how much technical  detail i can go into based on the audience . )  all the best ,  steve  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : lenos trigeorgis  04 / 20 / 2000 08 : 45 pm  to : "" steven leppard ""  cc : "" vince j kaminski ""  subject : re : real options conference in cambridge  steve  thanks for agreeing to talk . i attach the program to see the other speakers  and style ( it is addressed to a professional autience )  please give me a suitable title for the talk ( replacing kaminski  % s slot on  july 6 / energy session ) and the details of your position  thanks  lenos  at 05 : 01 _ _ 04 / 20 / 00 + 0100 , steven leppard wrote :  >  >  > dear prof trigeorgis  >  > vince kaminski has suggested that i would be a suitable speaker at your july  > conference in cambridge , and i ' d be happy to come along if required . please  > could you send me appropriate details , and the audience type expected .  >  > many thanks .  >  > yours sincerely ,  > steve leppard  >  >  >  >  - 4 thconfsessions . doc  lenos trigeorgis  professor of finance  university of cyprus  dept of business  75 kallipoleos , po box 20537  cy 1678 nicosia cyprus  tel : + 357 2 892261  fax : 339063",0,real options conference cambridge steve risk give exposure peer group faster left think firing people risk normal development successful company got ahead risk work shall talk phelim speeding publication vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject real options conference cambridge hi vince person dealing millie passed paper successor heard nothing since plan try publish article risk game choices real options book published june along summary version magazine supposed waiting get back front mind think chase interestingly recent risk course phelim boyle expressed interest work appear one journals edits think decision science something like think would appropriate home work one thing may interest worked forward recursive dp notation simply matter putting decision nodes left hand side value symbols chase risk pursue peer reviewed phelim boyle option steve vince j kaminski pm steven leppard lon ect ect cc subject real options conference cambridge steve discussions risk article progressing vince steven leppard lenos trigeorgis enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject real options conference cambridge lenos like give talk entitled diagrammatic representation real options enron give brief run diagrammatic technique developed representing real option deals notation allows originators managers quants communicate unambiguously still appreciating complexity subtlety real optionality defined diagrammatic grammar guarantees pricing deal follows immediately automatically diagram propose introduce symbols grammar go present suitable examples diagrams appropriate talk links dynamic programming need guidance much technical detail go based audience best steve enron capital trade resources corp lenos trigeorgis pm steven leppard cc vince j kaminski subject real options conference cambridge steve thanks agreeing talk attach program see speakers style addressed professional autience please give suitable title talk replacing kaminski slot july energy session details position thanks lenos steven leppard wrote dear prof trigeorgis vince kaminski suggested would suitable speaker july conference cambridge happy come along required please could send appropriate details audience type expected many thanks sincerely steve leppard thconfsessions doc lenos trigeorgis professor finance university cyprus dept business kallipoleos po box cy nicosia cyprus tel fax
"Subject: flat screens  hello ,  we are still in need of flat screens .  we need two for trisha tlapek and two for michael sergeev .  their locations are eb 3132 b and eb 3131 b .  we have been waiting for these screens for some time now .  will you please provide me with the e . t . a .  thanks  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 01 / 05 / 2000 01 : 08  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 15 / 99 10 : 38 am  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : flat screens  e . t . a .  thanks  kevin moore",0,flat screens hello still need flat screens need two trisha tlapek two michael sergeev locations eb b eb b waiting screens time please provide e thanks kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect pm kevin g moore lyn malina hou ect ect cc subject flat screens e thanks kevin moore
"Subject: further actions on anjam ' s departure  hi mel  further to our earlier discussions here ' s the full list of actions we ' d like  to put into place regarding anjam ' s departure :  hr - type stuff :  1 . get anjam off the trading floor as soon as possible . there is no need for  him to remain on the floor . this will need to be delayed until it number 1  is completed ( cataloguing his work ) .  2 . determine where anjam is heading . we need to know who is going to know  our positions and curves next .  3 . remove his security pass , and insist that he is always accompanied when in  the building . sharad is to sit with him while he catalogues his work .  it - type stuff :  1 . ask him to catalogue the contents of his h : drive , since the rest of the  group will need to support his work in the future . this should take no more  than a day or two .  2 . get it to obtain their backups of anjam ' s h : drive for weekly intervals  over the last two months . this will allow us to determine what he has  deleted .  3 . get it to provide a snapshot of anjam ' s notes folders , and provide records  of mail sent out to the internet over the last couple of months . i ' m worried  about code / data he may have zipped up and mailed out .  4 . ask it to use a utility program to determine what has been deleted from  anjam ' s c : drives . there may be useful info here too .  5 . revoke all internet access , whether via explorer or notes mail .  6 . get a record of all files he has printed over the last couple of months .  vince has ok ' d this lot , so let ' s do it asap .  many thanks ,  steve",0,actions anjam departure hi mel earlier discussions full list actions like put place regarding anjam departure hr type stuff get anjam trading floor soon possible need remain floor need delayed number completed cataloguing work determine anjam heading need know going know positions curves next remove security pass insist always accompanied building sharad sit catalogues work type stuff ask catalogue contents h drive since rest group need support work future take day two get obtain backups anjam h drive weekly intervals last two months allow us determine deleted get provide snapshot anjam notes folders provide records mail sent internet last couple months worried code data may zipped mailed ask use utility program determine deleted anjam c drives may useful info revoke internet access whether via explorer notes mail get record files printed last couple months vince ok lot let asap many thanks steve
"Subject: scrub the web confirmation required  your confirmation is required by jul 28 , 2005 - see below !  thanks again for submitting your url at scrub the web . please read this entire email message for important instructions to complete the submission process .  the following url was submitted to stw :  http : / / www . datapest . net /  the ip address of the person making this submission was :  216 . 219 . 253 . 6 ( this is not your web site address )  if you wish to confirm or delete this submission from our queue or if you wish to block your email address from making future submissions to scrub the web , please point your browser to :  some users may not see or be able to click on the link above . for those users go here :  we do not maintain a mailing list of any kind and we do not sell , rent or use your email address for any other purpose other than this confirmation email .  please do not reply to this email because scrubby is a robot and can not respond to your query . if you need to contact us for any reason point your browser to :  http : / / www . scrubtheweb . com / feedback / .  thanks again for your submission ,  http : / / www . scrubtheweb . com /  meta tag builder !  meta tag analyzer ! ",1,scrub web confirmation required confirmation required jul see thanks submitting url scrub web please read entire email message important instructions complete submission process following url submitted stw http www datapest net ip address person making submission web site address wish confirm delete submission queue wish block email address making future submissions scrub web please point browser users may see able click link users go maintain mailing list kind sell rent use email address purpose confirmation email please reply email scrubby robot respond query need contact us reason point browser http www scrubtheweb com feedback thanks submission http www scrubtheweb com meta tag builder meta tag analyzer
"Subject: re : bei enron  anjam ,  can you , please , invite gordian kemen to an interview in london ?  stinson , zimin , vasant and krishna can interview  him from houston ( video conference ) .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 04 / 2000  10 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jens gobel @ enron  03 / 16 / 2000 05 : 36 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : bei enron  gordian kemen on 03 / 15 / 2000 09 : 13 : 47 am  to : jens . gobel @ enron . com  cc :  subject : career opportunities @ enron  hi vince ,  following up to our chat on the phone .  gordian kemen will be arriving in austin on the 16 th . he will be staying in  austin for 2 weeks . he would very much appreciate to have the opportunity to  have a talk with you to find out if there is a place for him at enron . you  can reach him under ( 512 ) 301 - 9819 ( his parents in law ' s phone number ) .  thanks a lot for you help and attention ,  jens  - gordianresume . pdf",0,bei enron anjam please invite gordian kemen interview london stinson zimin vasant krishna interview houston video conference vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect jens gobel enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject bei enron gordian kemen jens gobel enron com cc subject career opportunities enron hi vince following chat phone gordian kemen arriving austin th staying austin weeks would much appreciate opportunity talk find place enron reach parents law phone number thanks lot help attention jens gordianresume pdf
"Subject: discontinue making p a y m e n t s immediately  harassing calls and letters brought to a stand still .  we have pioneered an advanced system of proven strategies  that will get the creditors and debt collectors off your back for good  our debt termination program has legally stopped millions of dollars worth  of debt from being collected .  check out our elimination program here  http : / / axew . jeet . newsbenefitnow . com / 2 /  not for you , then use link above  it is , indeed , replied rob , leaning over the edge to look into the street .  as he spoke he felt himself gently but firmly pushed from behind and , losing  his balance , he plunged headforemost from the roof and whirled through the  intervening space toward the sidewalk far below  terrified though he was by the sudden disaster , the boy had still wit  enough remaining to reach out his right hand and move the indicator of the  machine upon his left wrist to the zero mark",1,discontinue making p e n immediately harassing calls letters brought stand still pioneered advanced system proven strategies get creditors debt collectors back good debt termination program legally stopped millions dollars worth debt collected check elimination program http axew jeet newsbenefitnow com use link indeed replied rob leaning edge look street spoke felt gently firmly pushed behind losing balance plunged headforemost roof whirled intervening space toward sidewalk far terrified though sudden disaster boy still wit enough remaining reach right hand move indicator machine upon left wrist zero mark
"Subject: wti maket maker simulation model  john ,  we finished the version 2 of the simulation model which deals with the  open - close trading versus the continuous trading in the previous version .  i added the cummulative p / l as an output . there are a few apparent trading  strategies from this model :  1 ) higher bid / offer spread , more profit  2 ) more daily # of trades , more profit  3 ) smaller net open positions allowed , more profit  1 ) and 2 ) are obvious , but 3 ) is more interesting . it means that we are  better off  if we do not allowed net open positions at end of the day . in a trending  market ,  this makes an intuitive sense , for example , in the case of bull market we are  short as a market maker and we can avoid the loss at the higher openning price  by keeping zero or small net short positions .  i have attached the model with this mail , and i ' ll be happy to discuss the  model  in more details with you .  zimin",0,wti maket maker simulation model john finished version simulation model deals open close trading versus continuous trading previous version added cummulative p l output apparent trading strategies model higher bid offer spread profit daily trades profit smaller net open positions allowed profit obvious interesting means better allowed net open positions end day trending market makes intuitive sense example case bull market short market maker avoid loss higher openning price keeping zero small net short positions attached model mail happy discuss model details zimin
"Subject: interview - jaesoo lew 10 / 25 / 00  attached please find the resume , interview schedule , and evaluation form for  jaesoo lew . jaesoo will be interviewing with vince kaminski ' s group on an  exploratory basis on october 25 , 2000 . please contact me with any comments  or concerns .  thank you ,  cheryl arguijo  ena recruiting  713 - 345 - 4016",0,interview jaesoo lew attached please find resume interview schedule evaluation form jaesoo lew jaesoo interviewing vince kaminski group exploratory basis october please contact comments concerns thank cheryl arguijo ena recruiting
"Subject: financial engineering invoice # 2001 - m 608  connie :  in response to your email to vince kaminski of 3 / 19 / 01 , the subject invoice  was sent to our accounting dept . for payment on february 25 , 2001 . we  did not need the spav maintenance , so we deducted $ 1 , 600 . 00 . did you  receive a payment in the amount of $ 4100 . 00 that could possibly have been  payment for this invoice ?  i have left a message for our accounting dept . to see exactly when the invoice  was paid and the check number . as soon as i hear from them i will left you  know .  best regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,financial engineering invoice connie response email vince kaminski subject invoice sent accounting dept payment february need spav maintenance deducted receive payment amount could possibly payment invoice left message accounting dept see exactly invoice paid check number soon hear left know best regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: re : term papers  please respond to  here is the excel file ( zipped ) . you have to unzip to read it .  felix  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  felix feng lu  mba candidate , class 2001  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  phone - 713 . 942 . 8472 / fax - 714 . 908 . 7914  monfan @ rice . edu  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , may 04 , 2001 5 : 30 pm  to : monfan @ rice . edu  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com ; jason . sokolov @ enron . com ;  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : term papers  felix ,  please , resend me the term papers of your group , each as a separate file .  please send it to my aol address as well as work address .  my aol address is vkaminski @ aol . com  my home phone number is 281 367 5377 .  vince  - feng lu . vcf  - modelingproject . zip",0,term papers please respond excel file zipped unzip read felix felix feng lu mba candidate class jesse h jones graduate school management rice university phone fax monfan rice edu original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent friday may pm monfan rice edu cc vkaminski aol com jason sokolov enron com vince j kaminski enron com subject term papers felix please resend term papers group separate file please send aol address well work address aol address vkaminski aol com home phone number vince feng lu vcf modelingproject zip
"Subject: powerisk 2000 - cocktail parties  for your information  thanks  iona  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by iona maclean / lon / ect on 21 / 09 / 2000 15 : 00  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : tunuja tulsiani  21 / 09 / 2000 14 : 50  to :  cc : rosemary fitzgerald , simon turner  subject : powerisk 2000 - cocktail parties  important announcement  two key social functions at powerisk 2000 *  your personal invitation  powerisk 2000 has teamed up with three key industries partners to  bring two important networking functions at this year ' s powerisk  2000 . a full invitation has been sent to you in the post but please  print out and bring the two attached invitations with you in case  your postal copy does not reach you for any reason .  the first cocktail party will be held on tuesday 3 rd october  between 6 pm and 9 pm and will be hosted by virtual credit services  and true quote . com . this welcome cocktail party is open to all  delegates and speakers whether or not you are attending the  e - commerce day on the tuesday . running until 9 pm , it should  allow you time to attend even if you have a late evening flight .  the second cocktail party will be held on wednesday 4 th october  at the palais brongniart , the home of parisbourse who will be  hosting the function . transport to and from this event will be  provided for all delegates .  there is no need to reply * we look forward to seeing you at  both events .  regards  rosemary fitzgerald  powerisk 2000 director",0,powerisk cocktail parties information thanks iona forwarded iona maclean lon ect enron capital trade resources corp tunuja tulsiani cc rosemary fitzgerald simon turner subject powerisk cocktail parties important announcement two key social functions powerisk personal invitation powerisk teamed three key industries partners bring two important networking functions year powerisk full invitation sent post please print bring two attached invitations case postal copy reach reason first cocktail party held tuesday rd october pm pm hosted virtual credit services true quote com welcome cocktail party open delegates speakers whether attending e commerce day tuesday running pm allow time attend even late evening flight second cocktail party held wednesday th october palais brongniart home parisbourse hosting function transport event provided delegates need reply look forward seeing events regards rosemary fitzgerald powerisk director
"Subject: urgent contact  from the desk of : dr tom eke .  e - mail : dr _ tomeke @ spinfinder . com  lagos - nigeria .  attn :  request for urgent business relationship .  it is with my profound dignity that i write you this  very important  and highly confidential letter . first , i must  solicit your strictest  confidentiality in this transaction . this is by  virtue of its nature  as being utterly confidential and "" top secret "" .  though i know that a  transaction of this magnitude will make any one  apprehensive and  worried , considering the fact that we have not met  each other before ,  but i am assuring you that all will be well at the  end of the day . we  have decided to contact you by email due to the  urgency of this  transaction , as we have been reliably informed that  it will take at  least a minimum of two to three weeks for a normal  post to reach you ,  so we decided it is best using the e - mail , which is  quicker and also  to enable us meet up with the second quater payment  for the year  2000 .  however , let me start by introducing myself properly  to you . i  am dr . tom eke , a director general in the department  of petroleum  resources ( d . p . r ) and i presently head the contract  award panel incharge  of contract awards and payment approvals . i came to  know of you in my search for a reliable and  reputable person to  handle a very confidential business transaction  which involves the  transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account  requiring  maximum confidence . i and my colleagues are top  officials of the  federal government contract award panel . our duties  include evaluation , vetting , approval for payment of  contract jobs  done for the d . p . r e . t . c . in order to commence this  business we  solicit for your assistance to enable us transfer  into your account  the said funds . the source of this funds is as  follows : in the second  quarter of 2001 this committee was mandated to  review and award  contracts to the tune of us $ 400 million us dollars  to a group of five  firms for the supply construction and installation  of oil pipe lines  in warri and port harcourt . during this process my  colleagues and i  decided and agreed among ourselves to deliberately  over - inflate the  total contract sum from us $ 400 million to us $ 431  million united  states dollars with the main intention of sharing  the remaining sum  of us $ 31 miilion amongst ourselves .  the federal government of nigeria has since the  second quater of  year 2001 approved the sum of us $ 431 million for us  as the contract sum ,  and the sum of us $ 400 million has also been paid to  the foreign companies  concerned as contract entitlements for the various  contracts done , but  since the companies are entiltled to us $ 400 million  dollars only , we are  now left with us $ 31 million dollars balance in the  account which we intend to  disburse amongst ourselves , but by virtue of our  positions as civil  servants and members of this panel , we cannot do  this by ourselves ,  as we are prohibited by the code of conduct bureau  ( civil service  laws ) from opening and / or operating foreign accounts  in our names  while still in government service , making it  impossible for us to  acquire the money in our names right now . i have  therefore , been  delegated as a matter of trust and urgency by my  colleagues in the  panel to look for an overseas partner into whose  account we would  transfer the sum of us $ 31 million . hence we are  writing you this  letter . my colleagues and i have agreed that if you  or your company  can act as the beneficiary of this funds on our  behalf , you or your  company will retain 20 % of the total amount ( us $ 31  million ) , while  70 % will be for us ( officials ) and the remaining 10 %  will be used in  offsetting all debts / expenses and taxes incurred  both local and  foreign in the cause of this transfer . needless to  say , the trust  reposed on you at this juncture is enormous . in  return we demand your  complete honesty and trust .  you must however note that this transaction will be  strictly based  on the following terms and conditions as we have  stated below ;  a ) our conviction of your transparent honesty and  diligence  b ) that you would treat this transaction with utmost  secrecy and confidentiality  c ) that you will not ask for more share or try to  sit on the funds once it is under  your custody , or any form of blackmail .  d ) that upon receipt of the funds you will release  the funds as instructed  by us after you have removed your share of 20 % from  the total amount .  please , note that this transaction is 100 % legal and  risk free and we hope to conclude  this transaction seven to fourteen bank working days  from the date  of receipt of the necessary requirements from you .  we are looking  forward to doing business with you and solicit your  total confidentiality  in this transaction . there is no cause for alarm . i  give you my word that you  are completely safe in doing business with us .  transactions like this  have been successfully carried out in the past by  most government  executives . here in my country there is great  economic and political  disarray and thus looting and corruption is rampant  and the order of  the day , thus explaining why you might have heard  stories of how  money is been taken out of nigeria , this is because  everyone is  making desperate attempts to secure his or her  future , so that when  we retire from active service we donot languish in  poverty . i will  explain more to you when i have heard from you .  please acknowledge the receipt of this letter using  the above e - mail address .  i will bring you into the complete picture of this  pending business  transaction when i have heard from you and also  receive your  confidential telephone and fax numbers to enable me  fax to you all  necessary information you need to know about our  pending business  transaction . i will also send to you my private  telephone and fax  numbers where you can always reach me . your urgent  response will be  highly appreciated to enable us transfer the funds  under the second  quarter of the year 2002 . thank you and god bless .  yours faithfully ,  dr . tom eke .  n . b . please be informed that this business  transaction is 100 % legal  and completely free from drug money or money  laundering . this is a  complete legitimate business transaction .  - -",1,urgent contact desk dr tom eke e mail dr tomeke spinfinder com lagos nigeria attn request urgent business relationship profound dignity write important highly confidential letter first must solicit strictest confidentiality transaction virtue nature utterly confidential top secret though know transaction magnitude make one apprehensive worried considering fact met assuring well end day decided contact email due urgency transaction reliably informed take least minimum two three weeks normal post reach decided best using e mail quicker also enable us meet second quater payment year however let start introducing properly dr tom eke director general department petroleum resources p r presently head contract award panel incharge contract awards payment approvals came know search reliable reputable person handle confidential business transaction involves transfer huge sum money foreign account requiring maximum confidence colleagues top officials federal government contract award panel duties include evaluation vetting approval payment contract jobs done p r e c order commence business solicit assistance enable us transfer account said funds source funds follows second quarter committee mandated review award contracts tune us million us dollars group five firms supply construction installation oil pipe lines warri port harcourt process colleagues decided agreed among deliberately inflate total contract sum us million us million united states dollars main intention sharing remaining sum us miilion amongst federal government nigeria since second quater year approved sum us million us contract sum sum us million also paid foreign companies concerned contract entitlements various contracts done since companies entiltled us million dollars left us million dollars balance account intend disburse amongst virtue positions civil servants members panel prohibited code conduct bureau civil service laws opening operating foreign accounts names still government service making impossible us acquire money names right therefore delegated matter trust urgency colleagues panel look overseas partner whose account would transfer sum us million hence writing letter colleagues agreed company act beneficiary funds behalf company retain total amount us million us officials remaining used offsetting debts expenses taxes incurred local foreign cause transfer needless say trust reposed juncture enormous return demand complete honesty trust must however note transaction strictly based following terms conditions stated conviction transparent honesty diligence b would treat transaction utmost secrecy confidentiality c ask share try sit funds custody form blackmail upon receipt funds release funds instructed us removed share total amount please note transaction legal risk free hope conclude transaction seven fourteen bank working days date receipt necessary requirements looking forward business solicit total confidentiality transaction cause alarm give word completely safe business us transactions like successfully carried past government executives country great economic political disarray thus looting corruption rampant order day thus explaining might heard stories money taken nigeria everyone making desperate attempts secure future retire active service donot languish poverty explain heard please acknowledge receipt letter using e mail address bring complete picture pending business transaction heard also receive confidential telephone fax numbers enable fax necessary information need know pending business transaction also send private telephone fax numbers always reach urgent response highly appreciated enable us transfer funds second quarter year thank god bless faithfully dr tom eke n b please informed business transaction legal completely free drug money money laundering complete legitimate business transaction
"Subject: re : options model  jeff ,  i got 20 cents for the swith option per dth . my assumptions are as follows :  price curve assumption :  waha - - - if - waha  la plata pool and tw ( ignacio ) - - if - epso / sj  california border - - ngi - socal  correlation assumption :  waha - sj 95 %  socal - sj 90 %  see the attached spreadsheet for more info . call me for questions .  zimin  jeffery fawcett @ enron  10 / 11 / 2000 02 : 56 pm  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : options model  zimin ,  we ' re trying to price out a "" live "" options deal . here are the parameters :  volume : 32 , 000 dth / d  term : jan . 1 , 2002 through oct . 31 , 2006 ( 58 mos . )  price : one part rate , $ 0 . 2175 / dth , plus applicable fuel  primary receipt / delivery points : ( east - to - east transport )  receipt : la plata pool ( use san juan , blanco price equivalent )  delivery : waha area  option :  alternate delivery pnt . : california border ( east - to - west transport )  price :  floor - $ 0 . 2175 / dth , plus 4 . 75 % pipeline fuel , plus 50 % of the difference  between the california border index  price and the san juan basin index price . specifically , we ' ll use :  ( socalgas large pkgs . minus tw ( ignacio , pts . south ) )  an important things to consider :  this option is only for alternate firm deliveries . alternate firm is really  just a glorified version of interruptible .  can you run the option model and tell me what is the dollar value of this  rather "" unpure "" option ?  i appreciate it . give me a call at 3 - 1521 if you have any questions . also ,  can you get us an answer by friday , 10 / 13 / 00 ? we ' re looking to get the  proposal out to the customer by the end of the week if possible . thanks .",0,options model jeff got cents swith option per dth assumptions follows price curve assumption waha waha la plata pool tw ignacio epso sj california border ngi socal correlation assumption waha sj socal sj see attached spreadsheet info call questions zimin jeffery fawcett enron pm zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject options model zimin trying price live options deal parameters volume dth term jan oct mos price one part rate dth plus applicable fuel primary receipt delivery points east east transport receipt la plata pool use san juan blanco price equivalent delivery waha area option alternate delivery pnt california border east west transport price floor dth plus pipeline fuel plus difference california border index price san juan basin index price specifically use socalgas large pkgs minus tw ignacio pts south important things consider option alternate firm deliveries alternate firm really glorified version interruptible run option model tell dollar value rather unpure option appreciate give call questions also get us answer friday looking get proposal customer end week possible thanks
"Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details  the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 57 : 51 - 0700  from [ 222 . 217 . 202 . 51 ]  - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - -  ( reason : 550 - mailbox unknown . either there is no mailbox associated with this )  - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - -  . . . while talking to localhost :  > > > data  . . . user unknown  < < < 503 5 . 5 . 1 no recipients",1,returned mail see transcript details original message received tue jul following addresses permanent fatal errors reason mailbox unknown either mailbox associated transcript session follows talking localhost data user unknown recipients
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at baco . hotlink . com . br .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  200 . 164 . 232 . 214 does not like recipient .  remote host said : 550 sorry , no mailbox by that name ( # 5 . 7 . 1 )  giving up on 200 . 164 . 232 . 214 .  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 5021 invoked by uid 516 ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 02 : 38 - 0000  received : from 83 . 25 . 242 . 232 by baco . hotlink . com . br ( envelope - from , uid 505 ) with qmail - scanner - 1 . 25  ( clamdscan : 0 . 85 . 1 / 935 .  clear : rc : 0 ( 83 . 25 . 242 . 232 ) : .  processed in 2 . 978309 secs ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 02 : 38 - 0000  received : from aji 232 . neoplus . adsl . tpnet . pl ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 83 . 25 . 242 . 232 )  by 0 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 02 : 34 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30516641 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : antonioantonio @ coopvita . com . br  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program baco hotlink com br afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work like recipient remote host said sorry mailbox name giving line copy message return path received qmail invoked uid jul received baco hotlink com br envelope uid qmail scanner clamdscan clear rc processed secs jul received aji neoplus adsl tpnet pl helo mailwisconsin com smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo antonioantonio coopvita com br user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivabie
"Subject: the real options conference  shirley ,  please , forward my bio to crystal .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 11 / 2000  08 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  crystal barry on 02 / 09 / 2000 05 : 05 : 17 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : the real options conference  dear vince ,  as the above event is drawing closer , i thought i would write a quick email  to finalise a few things with you . i understand that you would like a guest  to attend , please can you let me know their name and job title . also , if you  could send me your conference checklist i would appreciate it , so that i can  finalise details with my audio visual company .  in the meantime , if there is anything i can do for you , please do not  hesitate to let me know on 0171 - 915 - 5116 .  kind regards  crystal",0,real options conference shirley please forward bio crystal vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect crystal barry vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject real options conference dear vince event drawing closer thought would write quick email finalise things understand would like guest attend please let know name job title also could send conference checklist would appreciate finalise details audio visual company meantime anything please hesitate let know kind regards crystal
"Subject: change of role  just a quick note to say that i have now left the eprm / risk conference  division after two and a half very happy years . i am however still at risk  waters group , where i am now working as a journalist on eprm magazine .  future conference enquiries should go to paul bristow ( us - 212 925 6990 ) or  frances tully ( europe - + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9731 ) .  many thanks for your work my events and i hope we can work together again in  the future . if you have any ideas on the writing side then i would always  appreciate a call or email - my contact details all remain the same .  best regards ,  joel .  joel hanley  eprm magazine  direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9885  www . riskwaters . com",0,change role quick note say left eprm risk conference division two half happy years however still risk waters group working journalist eprm magazine future conference enquiries go paul bristow us frances tully europe many thanks work events hope work together future ideas writing side would always appreciate call email contact details remain best regards joel joel hanley eprm magazine direct www riskwaters com
Subject: you need only 15 minutes to prepare for the night of love .  generic ed drugs directly from manufacturer .  the gods visit the sins of the fathers upon the children .  some promises are better left unsaid  i ' m a born - again atheist .  our lives teach us who we are .,1,need minutes prepare night love generic ed drugs directly manufacturer gods visit sins fathers upon children promises better left unsaid born atheist lives teach us
Subject: would you like a $ 250 gas card ?  don ' t let the current high price of gas get to you .  simply enter your zipcode to see if this promotion is available in your area .  ubycvski,1,would like gas card let current high price gas get simply enter zipcode see promotion available area ubycvski
"Subject: re : forecast rates !  hi vince ,  thank you for sending me the email from don reid regarding the turkey fx and  cpi curve . i received the same email last week and the request has been  taken care of . in fact , he had a very short time line for the request and  had subsequently used outside forecasts for the bid . if the deal goes  through rac , i ' m sure we ' ll get another request for the curve , but for now ,  don said that he doesn ' t need a forecast from us .  regards ,  farouk z . lalji",0,forecast rates hi vince thank sending email reid regarding turkey fx cpi curve received email last week request taken care fact short time line request subsequently used outside forecasts bid deal goes rac sure get another request curve said need forecast us regards farouk z lalji
"Subject: re : invitation to speak at power 2000  hi vince  that ' s great - delighted you ' ll be participating . i ' ve put you down as the  chairman for stream 1 , day 1 on 9 may 2000 .  by the way , is your job title still vp , head of research at enron north  america ? i need to know for the brochure .  if i don ' t speak to you before the new year , i wish you a very merry xmas  and a happy new millennium !  emma  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : emma wolfin  cc : vince j kaminski  date : thursday , december 16 , 1999 9 : 02 am  subject : re : invitation to speak at power 2000  >  >  > emma ,  >  > mergers and acquisitions are not my cup of tea .  >  > chairing stream 1 on day 1 seems to be a better match .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" emma wolfin "" on 12 / 15 / 99 10 : 51 : 34 am  >  > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  > cc :  > subject : re : invitation to speak at power 2000  >  >  >  >  > hi vince  >  > thanks for getting back to me quickly ! as it happens , all of the sessions  > you suggested are already taken !  >  > so , would you be interested in chairing either stream 1 on day 1 of the  > conference - "" pricing and trading in the us power market "" or stream 3 on  > day 2 of the conference - "" latest developments in the us energy industry "" .  > for your information , the people presenting on day 1 in stream 1 include :  >  > - spyros maragos , dynegy on volatility  > - sanjeev khanna , pg & e on correlation  > - gary morsches , southern on optimising information to accurately price and  > trade electricity  > - blake johnson , stanford university on modelling power prices  > - craig pirrong , olin school of business , washington university on building  > the optimal forward curve  >  > on day 2 , stream 3 , there are only 3 talks in that stream , as after lunch  we  > will be breaking for plenary sessions and the industry briefing sessions  > too . but the people who will be speaking in that stream are :  >  > - venu nagali , stanford university on real options  > - ram challa , sithe energies ( he was formerly at bankers trust ) on  > generation assets  >  > i have the slot on mergers and acquisitions in stream 3 on day 2 as still  > available but i ' m not sure if that session is your area of speciality ? let  > me know .  >  > thanks vince and very much looking forward to working with you again .  >  > emma  >  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince j kaminski  > to : emma wolfin  > cc : vince j kaminski  > date : wednesday , december 15 , 1999 11 : 36 am  > subject : re : invitation to speak at power 2000  >  >  > >  > >  > > emma ,  > >  > > it ' s your choice . i can chair the session of day 2 or speak on one of  these  > > topics .  > > please , let me know what works for you .  > >  > > possible presentations :  > >  > > evaluating the effectiveness of insurance as a risk management tool  > >  > > or  > >  > > applying real option theory to value power plants  > >  > > or  > >  > > overcoming the difficulties of accurately estimating volatility  > >  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > "" emma wolfin "" on 12 / 14 / 99 04 : 08 : 03 pm  > >  > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  > > cc :  > > subject : invitation to speak at power 2000  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > hi vince  > >  > > it is my great pleasure to invite you to speak at power 2000 which will be  > > in houston on 9 & 10 may 2000 .  > >  > > would you be interested in chairing one of the streams on day 2 of the  > > conference ? or making a full presentation on one of the days ? please let  me  > > know which talks interest you . obviously , some of the talks are no longer  > > available but i would like to give you a choice as much as possible .  please  > > could you get back to me asap on 212 925 1864 ext 151 or by return email .  > >  > > i very much hope you can make the dates as i ' m very keen to have you  > > participate at power . not to flatter you unnecessarily , but i know that a  > > lot of people come to our conferences to hear what you have to say .  > >  > > best regards  > >  > > emma  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,invitation speak power hi vince great delighted participating put chairman stream day may way job title still vp head research enron north america need know brochure speak new year wish merry xmas happy new millennium emma original message vince j kaminski emma wolfin cc vince j kaminski date thursday december subject invitation speak power emma mergers acquisitions cup tea chairing stream day seems better match vince emma wolfin vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject invitation speak power hi vince thanks getting back quickly happens sessions suggested already taken would interested chairing either stream day conference pricing trading us power market stream day conference latest developments us energy industry information people presenting day stream include spyros maragos dynegy volatility sanjeev khanna pg e correlation gary morsches southern optimising information accurately price trade electricity blake johnson stanford university modelling power prices craig pirrong olin school business washington university building optimal forward curve day stream talks stream lunch breaking plenary sessions industry briefing sessions people speaking stream venu nagali stanford university real options ram challa sithe energies formerly bankers trust generation assets slot mergers acquisitions stream day still available sure session area speciality let know thanks vince much looking forward working emma original message vince j kaminski emma wolfin cc vince j kaminski date wednesday december subject invitation speak power emma choice chair session day speak one topics please let know works possible presentations evaluating effectiveness insurance risk management tool applying real option theory value power plants overcoming difficulties accurately estimating volatility vince emma wolfin pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject invitation speak power hi vince great pleasure invite speak power houston may would interested chairing one streams day conference making full presentation one days please let know talks interest obviously talks longer available would like give choice much possible please could get back asap ext return email much hope make dates keen participate power flatter unnecessarily know lot people come conferences hear say best regards emma
"Subject: re : installation of new programs  i gave you local admin rights on your laptop yesterday . what you have to do is to log into the laptop using the local  machine account . the id and the password is the same as your corp login now . the password on the local account will  never change . if you have a minute today i will show you how . let me know a time .  phillip randle  desktop support specialist x 39665  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 5 : 17 pm  to : randle , phillip c .  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : installation of new programs  phillip ,  how can i install new programs on my laptop , without  the administrator ' s privileges ?  one example : when i travel i use aol to get access to my mail  and to communicate with the office . windows 2000 does not allow  me to install it .  also , i have my private statistical software  i often use when i work at night during business trips .  i would like to load it as well .  vince",0,installation new programs gave local admin rights laptop yesterday log laptop using local machine account id password corp login password local account never change minute today show let know time phillip randle desktop support specialist x original message kaminski vince sent tuesday may pm randle phillip c cc kaminski vince subject installation new programs phillip install new programs laptop without administrator privileges one example travel use aol get access mail communicate office windows allow install also private statistical software often use work night business trips would like load well vince
"Subject: material for thu 2 mar wg meeting  fyi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 29 / 00 01 : 15  pm - - - - -  nevil @ ipn . caida . org  02 / 28 / 00 10 : 35 pm  to : metrics @ caida . org  cc : ( bcc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications )  subject : material for thu 2 mar wg meeting  hello all :  appended below you ' ll find a summary of ideas that people have contributed  since we at caida began to get the metrics wg started . some of this  material has already appeared on the metrics mailing list , the older  material comes from personal emails . i ' m posting it again to give us all  some more ideas to think about .  for those who are able to attend the wg meeting in san jose this thursday  ( 2 mar ) , i ' d like to spend time in the morning getting to know about  attendees interests and experience in making internet measurements .  i suggest that a good way to do this would be to have each group give a  short ( 10 minutes , response times , and this gets even more interesting . . . you only need  > to be able to see traffic in one direction ( from client to server ) to  > get a fairly accurate round - trip time from the client to the server  > ( irrespective of how far away the client is from your measurement  > host ) , because of tcps three - way handshake for connection  > establishment ; when you see the opening syn , you wait for the client  > to ack the server ' s syn ack and you have the client - > server round - trip  > time . i think you ' ve actually already done some of this ? we could  > also potentially try to correlate dns queries and tcp connections ,  > perhaps determining some probabilities in a given environment of a  > host initiating a tcp connection to a host for which it just received  > an a record , and track various application - level response times ( i ' d  > personally love to have a lot of data on the ratio of dns response  > time to tcp transfer time for http connections ) . even if the  > measurement makes no attempt to discern what constitutes a web  > transaction to the user ( a full page , usually many tcp connections ) .  >  > anyway , i think there are some fairly interesting things we can  > measure with simple techniques , these are just some simple ones .  > there may be some interesting things we could do by digging into  > payloads of a few of the other highly - utilized applications , but doing  > it for tcp is a nightmare perfomance - wise . but we now have the basic  > infrastructure to do things with dns over udp . we can probably cover  > any open udp protocol without incurring performance penalties that  > would make it completely unusable . snmp , for example . . . while its  > application is limited , network service providers would find  > round - trip time information for snmp packets from their network  > management stations to agents very useful . i think there are some  > rudimentary things we can do with tcp as well , and i also think some  > sites would be interested in having some rudimentary information . for  > example , a weighted ( by traffic ) round - trip time distribution for tcp  > traffic to / from all networks with which you communicated ( say at / 24  > granularity ) . this gives sites a notion of how close they are to  > those they talk to most frequently . with a little more work , we could  > probably make reasonable bandwidth estimates for every end network for  > which we see tcp data ( we could certainly get a reasonable number for  > the maximum observed bandwidth ) .  >  > these methods also decouple the measurement from the traffic . while we  > all know the value of that , i think it ' s significant in that active  > probers can be run on the same host , decoupled from the actual  > measurement , and with timestamps coming from kernel space ( bpf ) . i ' ve  > been thinking about this for a long time , because eventually i ' d like  > skitter ( and other tools ) to be able to do use tcp packets for probing ,  > with no need for things like ip firewall code ; if i can just properly  > time non - blocking connects , and count on the passive tool to see the syn  > and syn ack , i can use any tcp port for round - trip time measurements and  > not trick my kernel by sending tcp packets on a raw socket . i need  > feedback from the passive tool for tracing like skitter ( it needs to  > know when a reply has been seen from a hop and when the destination has  > been reached ) , but it ' s not difficult ( simple bytestream - oriented ipc is  > sufficient ) .  >  > going further , i like the idea proposed by some others ( maybe funded at  > this point , i ' m not tracking it ) of instrumenting the freenix tcp / ip  > stacks . a lot of useful information could be pulled from the stack .  > but eventually someone ' s going to have to come up with what pieces of  > information are desirable enough for someone to want their stack  > instrumented ( and it ' ll have to be somewhere between what ' s currently  >  > implemented and a full - blown metering system like rtfm ) . and i think in  > the interim , there are a lot of things we could do using libpcap on our  > local machines , non - promiscuous and in user space ( safe , easy to  > implement and test ) . to me the benefits here are :  >  > - a user is likely to have a tangible , well - understood relationship  > with their workstation ( understood by them ) . this is particularly  > true for those of us with network expertise . so it ' s at least  > plausible that we can find correlations of measurements with  > user experience in a fairly short period of time , helping us hone in  > on what ' s useful . even if we only find weak correlations ( for  > whatever reason ) , once a correlation exists , more people will be  > interested in helping with development because it ' ll be something  > they ' ll use personally .  > - we ' re essentially guaranteed to see traffic in both directions .  >  > i ' d personally be interested in trying to find some small sets of  > information that correlate to user experiences , so that it doesn ' t  > take a terabyte of disk and 64 processors to deal with data from say  > 10 , 000 desktops . : - )  >  > anyway , just some random thoughts . the hard part for me at the moment  > is thinking about useful generalizations and infrastructure to support  > them . . .  cindy bickerstaff responded . .  > we ' re just starting to capture the mss and window size negotiations between  > timeit and servers to get an idea of what is typical or usual . wonder if  > daniel ' s code could do that too from the various traffic monitoring points  > caida has out there ? the data could be used to fill in some parameters for  > trying to model some of the passive data collected . since a typical web page  > has many elements between a single client and server the first or base page  > gives you a starting idea of what to expect and the subsequent elements are  > like repeat measurements of the same path over a very short time interval .  > since there is a strong time of day / week effect ( volumes and perf ) , the  > short duration of the data collection from a single web page ( incl .  > elements ) might give some options for modeling ( and maybe getting a better  > estimate of packet loss ) . i ' ve really enjoyed joining the e 2 e - interest group  > for the ideas on factors and the references to past modeling attempts ( e . g .  > mathis , et . al . paper . . . ack its bulk transfer focus ) .  paul krumviede highlighted the difficulty of agreeing on details  of how to measure common metrics like availability , reliability ,  throughput and latency .  > an example was throughput . since it was proposed  > that this be measured using a tcp file transfer of  > random data , one concern was what does this do  > to latency ? and where does this get measured ? as  > many customers of this service would not be large  > businesses , measuring this from the customer end  > of a 56 - or 64 - kbps circuit was almost certain to  > drive end - to - end latency measurements beyond  > defined bounds . measuring it from within points in  > the provider ' s network ( s ) might show figures that the  > customers could never see themselves .  >  > the compromise was to define the throughput metric  > as ocurring at access link loads of no more than 50 %  > of the bit rate . but how does one measure that ? and  > so on . . .  >  > given that this discussion was recognized as being the  > prelude to the imposition of minimal slas , as part of the  > "" certification "" process for service providers , this may be  > an illustration of the perils of discussing slas and metrics  > in some interchangable form . but they may not be easy  > to separate in the minds of some .  carter bullard said  > i ' m specifically interested in bridging  > rtfm and ippm work , particularly to describe how an  > rtfm can be a generic connectivity monitor . ippm  > describes type - p - unidirection and bidirectional  > connectivity , and a single point rtfm can detect  > these conditions , but standard descriptions for how  > this can be done would be very useful .  >  > personally , one of the things that i ' m interested  > in is tcp based streaming services performance , such  > as that seen in internet radio distribution , and of  > course ip telephony wireline performance metrics would  > be very good to describe .  nevil brownlee comments that he ' s also very interested in  developing the rtfm meter as a platform for more general measurements .  two areas seem interesting ( apart from getting more information  from tcp streams ) : ~  + qos / difserv performance  ( what metrics do we need to characterise this ? )  + ipsec ( what metrics will still be useful when we can ' t  look at port numbers ? what kinds of traffic can still be  identified ? )  curtis villamizar said  > i ' m particularly interested in the work on dos at  > http : / / www . cs . washington . edu / homes / savage / traceback . html and would  > like to see that on the agenda .  this would provide a general way of determining where packets came from ,  not just a tool for tracing dos attacks . ",0,material thu mar wg meeting fyi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications pm nevil ipn caida org pm metrics caida org cc bcc ravi thuraisingham enron communications subject material thu mar wg meeting hello appended find summary ideas people contributed since caida began get metrics wg started material already appeared metrics mailing list older material comes personal emails posting give us ideas think able attend wg meeting san jose thursday mar like spend time morning getting know attendees interests experience making internet measurements suggest good way would group give short minutes response times gets even interesting need able see traffic one direction client server get fairly accurate round trip time client server irrespective far away client measurement host tcps three way handshake connection establishment see opening syn wait client ack server syn ack client server round trip time think actually already done could also potentially try correlate dns queries tcp connections perhaps determining probabilities given environment host initiating tcp connection host received record track various application level response times personally love lot data ratio dns response time tcp transfer time http connections even measurement makes attempt discern constitutes web transaction user full page usually many tcp connections anyway think fairly interesting things measure simple techniques simple ones may interesting things could digging payloads highly utilized applications tcp nightmare perfomance wise basic infrastructure things dns udp probably cover open udp protocol without incurring performance penalties would make completely unusable snmp example application limited network service providers would find round trip time information snmp packets network management stations agents useful think rudimentary things tcp well also think sites would interested rudimentary information example weighted traffic round trip time distribution tcp traffic networks communicated say granularity gives sites notion close talk frequently little work could probably make reasonable bandwidth estimates every end network see tcp data could certainly get reasonable number maximum observed bandwidth methods also decouple measurement traffic know value think significant active probers run host decoupled actual measurement timestamps coming kernel space bpf thinking long time eventually like skitter tools able use tcp packets probing need things like ip firewall code properly time non blocking connects count passive tool see syn syn ack use tcp port round trip time measurements trick kernel sending tcp packets raw socket need feedback passive tool tracing like skitter needs know reply seen hop destination reached difficult simple bytestream oriented ipc sufficient going like idea proposed others maybe funded point tracking instrumenting freenix tcp ip stacks lot useful information could pulled stack eventually someone going come pieces information desirable enough someone want stack instrumented somewhere currently implemented full blown metering system like rtfm think interim lot things could using libpcap local machines non promiscuous user space safe easy implement test benefits user likely tangible well understood relationship workstation understood particularly true us network expertise least plausible find correlations measurements user experience fairly short period time helping us hone useful even find weak correlations whatever reason correlation exists people interested helping development something use personally essentially guaranteed see traffic directions personally interested trying find small sets information correlate user experiences take terabyte disk processors deal data say desktops anyway random thoughts hard part moment thinking useful generalizations infrastructure support cindy bickerstaff responded starting capture mss window size negotiations timeit servers get idea typical usual wonder daniel code could various traffic monitoring points caida data could used fill parameters trying model passive data collected since typical web page many elements single client server first base page gives starting idea expect subsequent elements like repeat measurements path short time interval since strong time day week effect volumes perf short duration data collection single web page incl elements might give options modeling maybe getting better estimate packet loss really enjoyed joining e e interest group ideas factors references past modeling attempts e g mathis et al paper ack bulk transfer focus paul krumviede highlighted difficulty agreeing details measure common metrics like availability reliability throughput latency example throughput since proposed measured using tcp file transfer random data one concern latency get measured many customers service would large businesses measuring customer end kbps circuit almost certain drive end end latency measurements beyond defined bounds measuring within points provider network might show figures customers could never see compromise define throughput metric ocurring access link loads bit rate one measure given discussion recognized prelude imposition minimal slas part certification process service providers may illustration perils discussing slas metrics interchangable form may easy separate minds carter bullard said specifically interested bridging rtfm ippm work particularly describe rtfm generic connectivity monitor ippm describes type p unidirection bidirectional connectivity single point rtfm detect conditions standard descriptions done would useful personally one things interested tcp based streaming services performance seen internet radio distribution course ip telephony wireline performance metrics would good describe nevil brownlee comments also interested developing rtfm meter platform general measurements two areas seem interesting apart getting information tcp streams qos difserv performance metrics need characterise ipsec metrics still useful look port numbers kinds traffic still identified curtis villamizar said particularly interested work dos http www cs washington edu homes savage traceback html would like see agenda would provide general way determining packets came tool tracing dos attacks
"Subject: re : your visit to carnegie mellon  kent ,  thanks a lot . look forward to meeting you on campus .  vince  "" kent garrett "" on 11 / 05 / 2000 01 : 06 : 21 pm  to :  cc :  subject : your visit to carnegie mellon  vince :  i would like to personally thank you for spending the day with us at the  mscf program at carnegie mellon . the time you spent talking to us about  enron , and the energy industry in general , was very much appreciated . in  fact , i believe some students who were not previously interested in energy  are now interested because of the things about which you spoke . i have  signed up for an interview for the associate program at enron , and i hope to  speak to you again through involvement in the associate program . thanks  again .  sincerely ,  kent garrett  kent garrett  m . s . in computational finance  carnegie mellon university  ( 412 ) 362 - 7443",0,visit carnegie mellon kent thanks lot look forward meeting campus vince kent garrett pm cc subject visit carnegie mellon vince would like personally thank spending day us mscf program carnegie mellon time spent talking us enron energy industry general much appreciated fact believe students previously interested energy interested things spoke signed interview associate program enron hope speak involvement associate program thanks sincerely kent garrett kent garrett computational finance carnegie mellon university
"Subject: interview schedule  good morning :  i am attaching dr . valverde ' s interview schedule for thursday , february 1 .  when he arrives at the enron bldg . ( 1400 smith street ) , go to the  security desk and ask for me . they will call and i will meet dr . valverde  at the elevator on our floor .  we look forward to his visit on thursday .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,interview schedule good morning attaching dr valverde interview schedule thursday february arrives enron bldg smith street go security desk ask call meet dr valverde elevator floor look forward visit thursday regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: non - disclosure agreement and intellectual property rights  hi kay ,  i was referred to you by julia for assistance . here in research , we are in  the process of retaining prof . sheridan titman of university of texas at  austin to perform some consulting work . in anticipation , we would like to  have a non - disclosure agreement to protect the confidentiality of any  information we might provide him . also , we would like have an agreement on  how the intellctual property rights of any outcome of this effort will be  shared .  please let me know what information i can provide from this end to help you  draft these documents . my extension is 30936 . thanks .  rakesh",0,non disclosure agreement intellectual property rights hi kay referred julia assistance research process retaining prof sheridan titman university texas austin perform consulting work anticipation would like non disclosure agreement protect confidentiality information might provide also would like agreement intellctual property rights outcome effort shared please let know information provide end help draft documents extension thanks rakesh
"Subject: only our software is guaranteed 100 % legal .  name - brand software at low , low , low , low prices  everything comes to him who hustles while he waits .  many would be cowards if they had courage enough .",1,software guaranteed legal name brand software low low low low prices everything comes hustles waits many would cowards courage enough
"Subject: re : good morning  that ' s great .  john  p . s . bob parrino told me you were at ut last week . we academics really  appreciate your willingness to share your experiences with us and our  students .  at 11 : 40 am 10 / 18 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > i shall see christie tomorrow and i shall talk to her about  > the project .  >  > friday , feb 23 works for me .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 10 / 18 / 2000 10 : 00 : 57 am  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : good morning  >  >  > vince ,  >  > just an update for you and a question . first , i have talked to christie  > and corresponded via e - mail . we don ' t have dates to talk to lay , skilling  > and fastow as yet but christie is working on it . i will prompt her again  > next week .  >  > the second item of business is a question . i want to see if we can move  > our meeting in spring ( business education and the new economy workshop )  > back a week to friday february 23 rd . one of the attendees has a conference  > he wants to attend on march 2 nd . let me know asap if the 23 rd works for  > you . i have committments from a number of folks for the workshop and i  > think it will be great fun and a wonderful learning experience for us all .  >  > john  >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,good morning great john p bob parrino told ut last week academics really appreciate willingness share experiences us students wrote john shall see christie tomorrow shall talk project friday feb works vince john martin vkamins enron com cc subject good morning vince update question first talked christie corresponded via e mail dates talk lay skilling fastow yet christie working prompt next week second item business question want see move meeting spring business education new economy workshop back week friday february rd one attendees conference wants attend march nd let know asap rd works committments number folks workshop think great fun wonderful learning experience us john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: poten & partners forecasts  fyi marg .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret carson / corp / enron on 01 / 21 / 2000  07 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  doug leach @ ect  01 / 21 / 2000 07 : 00 am  to : guy dayvault / corp / enron @ enron  cc : margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron , rob bradley / corp / enron @ enron , jim  goughary / hou / ect @ ect , ted robinson / hou / ect @ ect , wade doshier / hou / ect @ ect ,  david j botchlett / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect  subject : poten & partners  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 01 / 21 / 2000 06 : 58 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  doug leach  01 / 20 / 2000 03 : 47 pm  to : michael l brown / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : david a terlip / enron _ development @ enron _ development , kevin  beasley / lon / ect @ ect , john chismar / sin / ect @ ect , michel decnop / sin / ect @ ect ,  maurizio la noce / enron _ development @ enron _ development , marc de la  roche / hou / ect @ ect  subject : poten & partners  just some of george gail ' s observations :  he expects wti crude prices to return to a range of $ 19 - $ 22 / barrel by 2 q 2000  ( brent $ 18 - $ 20 ) although emotions rather than fundamentals will continue to  drive the market .  saudi ' s sold cal 00 naphtha at $ 8 m / t over the platt ' s ag mean and the  kuwaiti ' s are offer their naphtha at $ 11 m / t over the mean .  enoc offered 700 , 000 tons of term naphtha and only sold 200 , 000 tons .  adnoc ' s splitters should add even more naphtha supplies to the market .  koch has closed their rotterdam splitter due to poor economics . not  necessarily a permanent shutdown .  he expects the brent / dubai spread to return to more normal $ 1 - $ 1 . 25 / barrel .  regarding condensate he predicts that actual demand will drive the market and  there will be less bottomfeeding by the japanese and other refiners . he does  feel the new splitters will reduce the worldwide volumes available ,  but that there will still be adequate supplies .  he thinks crack spreads for refiners will still be weak during cal 00 .  although some resid demand will be displaced by natural gas or lng , he  expects fairly stable differentials to crude .  he expects strong us gasoline demand , but limits his demand growth projection  to 1 % for the year .",0,poten partners forecasts fyi marg forwarded margaret carson corp enron doug leach ect guy dayvault corp enron enron cc margaret carson corp enron enron rob bradley corp enron enron jim goughary hou ect ect ted robinson hou ect ect wade doshier hou ect ect david j botchlett hou ect ect john l nowlan hou ect ect subject poten partners fyi forwarded doug leach hou ect doug leach pm michael l brown enron development enron development cc david terlip enron development enron development kevin beasley lon ect ect john chismar sin ect ect michel decnop sin ect ect maurizio la noce enron development enron development marc de la roche hou ect ect subject poten partners george gail observations expects wti crude prices return range barrel q brent although emotions rather fundamentals continue drive market saudi sold cal naphtha platt ag mean kuwaiti offer naphtha mean enoc offered tons term naphtha sold tons adnoc splitters add even naphtha supplies market koch closed rotterdam splitter due poor economics necessarily permanent shutdown expects brent dubai spread return normal barrel regarding condensate predicts actual demand drive market less bottomfeeding japanese refiners feel new splitters reduce worldwide volumes available still adequate supplies thinks crack spreads refiners still weak cal although resid demand displaced natural gas lng expects fairly stable differentials crude expects strong us gasoline demand limits demand growth projection year
"Subject: update on ut - enron activities : my conversation with rick causey  vince ,  good morning .  as you may know , last thur . enron honored this year ' s recipients of the  enron mba excellence fund scholars at a dinner in austin . in addition to  the three recipients , business school dean may and several of my  colleagues , enron attendees included sally beck , cindy justice , karen  marshall ( newly - appointed coordinator of higher education initiatives for  enron community relations dept . ) and rick causey .  i write you at this time to advise you i had occasion to discuss two  current enron / ut issues with rick :  i . spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  ii . ut participation in enrontraining activities  per my conversation with rick last thur . , i followed up on that discussion  with an e - mail this morn that touched on those two topics .  i . with respect to the first , i wrote rick this morning that :  1 . we at the ut center for energy finance education and research ( cefer )  are planning a practitioner - industry conference in spring 2001 ( late feb .  or early march ) to discuss four topics : risk management , deregulation ,  real options , and international / globalization .  2 . the conference will kick off with a dinner / keynote address thur .  evening , then continue all day fri .  3 . i have had several discussions with you regarding conference timing ,  structure , participation and content .  4 . further to rick ' s agreement to do so during our discussion last thur . ,  in today ' s e - mail i asked rick to extend an invitation to jeff skilling to  be the keynote speaker at the thur . evening dinner .  ii . with respect to the second topic , rick and i also discussed ut  partcipation in enron corp . internal training for incoming enron corp .  analysts and associates . consequently , i e - mailed rick this morning a  specific set of issues - - "" valuation and risk management in energy markets ""  - - which my ut colleagues and i have covered in public as well as  customized exec ed settings , and which we would be pleased to customize for  presentation at enron . fyi , i am enclosing a copy of said topics at the  end of this e - mail .  i look forward to seeing you again soon , and to your ut visit on 10 / 11 . best ,  ehud  training program : "" valuation and risk management in energy markets ""  target audience : associates , analysts , traders , marketing / sales , risk  managers , financial analysts  program objectives :  1 . understanding the physical and financial u . s . markets for electricity  and natural gas  2 . understanding the structuring , reverse engineering and valuation of  exchange - traded and otc energy derivatives , including "" exotic "" options ,  structured products , and spread and basis products  3 . promoting a common language between trading and marketing personnel  regarding valuation and hedging of structured products  4 . risk - management  program contents :  i . "" electricity 101 ""  - - problems in pricing  - - spot markets  - - forward markets  - - trading : basis , fixed - price , volatility  - - markets : characteristics and participants  ii . valuation / structuring / hedging  1 . fundamentals of forwards and futures contracts :  - - forward contracts : definition , payoff diagram , pricing by arbitrage  - - futures vs . forwards  - - commodity futures  - - swaps  - - constructing forward curves : contrast with price forecast ; using the  spark spread ; incorporating regional bases  2 . introduction to option pricing :  - - payoffs  - - put - call parity  - - binomial model  - - black - scholes formula  - - option "" sensitivities "" ( the "" greeks "" ) ; delta and gamma  3 . uniqueness of energy derivatives :  - - "" term structure "" of volatility  - - convenience yield / seasonality  - - basis  4 . estimating volatility in energy markets :  - - estimating volatility in financial markets  - - hourly vs . daily vols  - - historical or implied vols ?  - - characterizing the volatility "" surface "" across time and strike  5 . design and valuation of structured products in commodity markets :  - - valuation of european call options in energy markets  - - average options on oil futures contracts  - - spread and basis products  - - "" swing "" options in power markets  - - weather derivatives  6 . risk - management  - - motivation for structured trades  - - valuation of real options ( e . g . , valuation of power plant or gas field )  - - value - at - risk ( one - and multi - factor models )  - - repowering option  7 . advanced topics ( for qualified audiences )  - - relationship between forward prices and expected spot prices  - - the importance of hedging volatility changes  - - consistent method for estimating hourly , daily and monthly term  structures of volatility  - - practical alternatives to vega - hedging  - - applying options theory to the valuation of power plants  - - valuation of "" swing "" options under ruthless and non - ruthless exercise  ehud i . ronn  professor of finance and jack s . josey professor in energy studies  director , center for energy finance education and research  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,update ut enron activities conversation rick causey vince good morning may know last thur enron honored year recipients enron mba excellence fund scholars dinner austin addition three recipients business school dean may several colleagues enron attendees included sally beck cindy justice karen marshall newly appointed coordinator higher education initiatives enron community relations dept rick causey write time advise occasion discuss two current enron ut issues rick spring conference participation jeffrey k skilling ii ut participation enrontraining activities per conversation rick last thur followed discussion e mail morn touched two topics respect first wrote rick morning ut center energy finance education research cefer planning practitioner industry conference spring late feb early march discuss four topics risk management deregulation real options international globalization conference kick dinner keynote address thur evening continue day fri several discussions regarding conference timing structure participation content rick agreement discussion last thur today e mail asked rick extend invitation jeff skilling keynote speaker thur evening dinner ii respect second topic rick also discussed ut partcipation enron corp internal training incoming enron corp analysts associates consequently e mailed rick morning specific set issues valuation risk management energy markets ut colleagues covered public well customized exec ed settings would pleased customize presentation enron fyi enclosing copy said topics end e mail look forward seeing soon ut visit best ehud training program valuation risk management energy markets target audience associates analysts traders marketing sales risk managers financial analysts program objectives understanding physical financial u markets electricity natural gas understanding structuring reverse engineering valuation exchange traded otc energy derivatives including exotic options structured products spread basis products promoting common language trading marketing personnel regarding valuation hedging structured products risk management program contents electricity problems pricing spot markets forward markets trading basis fixed price volatility markets characteristics participants ii valuation structuring hedging fundamentals forwards futures contracts forward contracts definition payoff diagram pricing arbitrage futures vs forwards commodity futures swaps constructing forward curves contrast price forecast using spark spread incorporating regional bases introduction option pricing payoffs put call parity binomial model black scholes formula option sensitivities greeks delta gamma uniqueness energy derivatives term structure volatility convenience yield seasonality basis estimating volatility energy markets estimating volatility financial markets hourly vs daily vols historical implied vols characterizing volatility surface across time strike design valuation structured products commodity markets valuation european call options energy markets average options oil futures contracts spread basis products swing options power markets weather derivatives risk management motivation structured trades valuation real options e g valuation power plant gas field value risk one multi factor models repowering option advanced topics qualified audiences relationship forward prices expected spot prices importance hedging volatility changes consistent method estimating hourly daily monthly term structures volatility practical alternatives vega hedging applying options theory valuation power plants valuation swing options ruthless non ruthless exercise ehud ronn professor finance jack josey professor energy studies director center energy finance education research mccombs school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: re : amit ' s visit  sounds great .  there is another mit student , juan - carlos , who i would like to have accompany  amit on the 16 th . i ' ll speak to him to clear the date .  all the best .  stinson gibner @ ect  01 / 17 / 00 09 : 57 am  to : thomas d gros / hou / ect @ ect  cc : jean mrha / enron communications @ enron communications , ravi  thuraisingham / hou / ect @ ect , samer takriti / hou / azurix @ azurix , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , melissa jones / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : amit ' s visit  amit planning to spend the day of february 16 th at enron in order to give an  update on his bandwidth pricing research . we will also try to spend some  time in more of a round - table discussion designed pick his brain on any other  related issues on which he may be able to help us . i am corresponding with  amit to set up a more detailed agenda . please let me know if there are  conflicts which should lead us to choose a different date .  regards ,  - - stinson",0,amit visit sounds great another mit student juan carlos would like accompany amit th speak clear date best stinson gibner ect thomas gros hou ect ect cc jean mrha enron communications enron communications ravi thuraisingham hou ect ect samer takriti hou azurix azurix vince j kaminski hou ect ect melissa jones enron communications enron communications subject amit visit amit planning spend day february th enron order give update bandwidth pricing research also try spend time round table discussion designed pick brain related issues may able help us corresponding amit set detailed agenda please let know conflicts lead us choose different date regards stinson
"Subject: re : enron / stanford program  nick ,  sorry for the delay in my reply . august the 21 st will work the best , since  jim fallon ( head trader for bandwidth ) will be out the following week . we  will set up a meeting with him . kevin hannon is out , however , and there is  no need for you to stay for dinner if you prefer to head back earlier in the  afternoon .  should you want help in making any travel arrangements , our assistant  shirley crenshaw ( 713 853 5290 ) would be happy to help you .  thanks and look forward to your visit ,  stinson",0,enron stanford program nick sorry delay reply august st work best since jim fallon head trader bandwidth following week set meeting kevin hannon however need stay dinner prefer head back earlier afternoon want help making travel arrangements assistant shirley crenshaw would happy help thanks look forward visit stinson
"Subject: re : willow and pathstar evaluations  please respond to mike curran  ok - thanks .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to : "" mike curran ""  cc : ;  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 11 : 34 pm  subject : re : willow and pathstar evaluations  >  > mike ,  >  > we are short manpower in london . we shall try to  > evaluate the software in houston .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" mike curran "" on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 03 : 24 am  >  > please respond to "" mike curran ""  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : willow and pathstar evaluations  >  >  >  > hi vince -  >  > hope all is well with you .  >  > sharad hasn ' t had time to evaluate our willow tree or monte carlo software  > since the middle of last year . is there somebody else that could do it ?  >  > please let me know who i should send the evaluation to .  >  > best regards ,  >  > michael curran  > ceo  > quantin ' leap limited  > piercy house  > 7 copthall avenue  > london ec 2 r 7 nj  >  > tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3450  > fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3411  >  > mailto : mcurran @ quantinleap . com  >  > http : / / www . quantinleap . com  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,willow pathstar evaluations please respond mike curran ok thanks original message mike curran cc sent monday april pm subject willow pathstar evaluations mike short manpower london shall try evaluate software houston vince mike curran please respond mike curran cc subject willow pathstar evaluations hi vince hope well sharad time evaluate willow tree monte carlo software since middle last year somebody else could please let know send evaluation best regards michael curran ceo quantin leap limited piercy house copthall avenue london ec r nj tel fax mailto mcurran quantinleap com http www quantinleap com
"Subject: recent projects  hi vince ,  i have been working on and / or planning to work on the following projects :  1 . finished a gas daily swing option model for commodity structuring  group ( sanjeev khanna ) . the model uses american monte carlo  simulation and dynamic programming techniques .  2 . continue working on psim model . this includes reading power generation  and operation books as well as thinking about ways to model power plant and  its operation . the standard approach ( i . e . turn the plant on if power  price > total  generation cost , else turn the plant off ) is not particularly good if the  regional  demand is very high and the plant still has some un - utilized generation  capacity .  that is , the generation criteria is quite different depending on we model  power  plant from regional point view or from plant point of view . plan to have  meetings  with tom and lance .  3 . started working on stochastic process parameter estimation . i will  concentrate  on four processes : gbm , mean reverting , jump diffusion , and jump diffusion  with  mean reverting . i have looked at tanya ' s earlier work and decided to  discretize  the processes slightly differently . it is hoped that this will give a more  stable  estimation .  best ,  alex",0,recent projects hi vince working planning work following projects finished gas daily swing option model commodity structuring group sanjeev khanna model uses american monte carlo simulation dynamic programming techniques continue working psim model includes reading power generation operation books well thinking ways model power plant operation standard approach e turn plant power price total generation cost else turn plant particularly good regional demand high plant still un utilized generation capacity generation criteria quite different depending model power plant regional point view plant point view plan meetings tom lance started working stochastic process parameter estimation concentrate four processes gbm mean reverting jump diffusion jump diffusion mean reverting looked tanya earlier work decided discretize processes slightly differently hoped give stable estimation best alex
"Subject: new extensions now only $ 14 . 95  important information :  the new domain names are finally available to the general public at discount prices . now you can register one of the exciting new . biz or . info domain names , as well as the original . com and . net names for just $ 14 . 95 . these brand new domain extensions were recently approved by icann and have the same rights as the original . com and . net domain names . the biggest benefit is of - course that the . biz and . info domain names are currently more available . i . e . it will be much easier to register an attractive and easy - to - remember domain name for the same price . visit : http : / / www . affordable - domains . com today for more info .  register your domain name today for just $ 14 . 95 at : http : / / www . affordable - domains . com . registration fees include full access to an easy - to - use control panel to manage your domain name in the future .  sincerely ,  domain administrator  affordable domains  to remove your email address from further promotional mailings from this company , click here :  38  1201 hvli 9 - 661 pjwll 5",1,new extensions important information new domain names finally available general public discount prices register one exciting new biz info domain names well original com net names brand new domain extensions recently approved icann rights original com net domain names biggest benefit course biz info domain names currently available e much easier register attractive easy remember domain name price visit http www affordable domains com today info register domain name today http www affordable domains com registration fees include full access easy use control panel manage domain name future sincerely domain administrator affordable domains remove email address promotional mailings company click hvli pjwll
"Subject: 80 % discount on all adobe titles  opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro edition 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 systemworks pro 2004 edition 5 flash mx 20046 corel painter 87 adobe acrobat 6 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 . 0 wavefrontl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe creative suite premium adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 1149 . 00 price : $ 99 . 99 you save : $ 849 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : an integrated design environment featuring the industrys foremost design tools in - depth tips , expert tricks , and comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding , smooth workflow , and common interface and toolset single installer - - control what you install and when you install it cross - media publishing - - create content for both print and the web sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review .",1,discount adobe titles opt email special offer unsubscribe search software top new titles sale office pro edition windows xp pro adobe creative suite premium systemworks pro edition flash mx corel painter adobe acrobat windows server alias maya wavefrontl adobe premiere see manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought items microsoft office professional edition microsoft choose see options list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ise media cd rom download system requirements accessories versionsfeatures analyze manage business information using access databases exchange data systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules enhanced irm technology easy use wizards create e mail newsletters printed marketing materials preformatted business reports sales rank shipping international us via instant download date coupon expires may th average customer review based reviews write review microsoft windows xp professional longhorn edition microsoft choose see options list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ise media cd rom download system requirements accessories versionsfeatures designed businesses sizes manage digital pictures music video dvds security ability encrypt files folders built voice video instant messaging support integration windows servers management solutions sales rank shipping international us via instant download date coupon expires may th average customer review based reviews write review adobe creative suite premium adobe choose see options list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ise media cd rom download system requirements accessories versionsfeatures integrated design environment featuring industrys foremost design tools depth tips expert tricks comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding smooth workflow common interface toolset single installer control install install cross media publishing create content print web sales rank shipping international us via instant download date coupon expires may th average customer review based reviews write review
"Subject: credit exposure model  bill ,  attached are the spreadsheet for the credit exposure model and the xll file .  we have  performed some tests and the numbers looked reasonable . however , more  extensive  testing using realistic data is needed . we would like to pass the model to  you so you can  have someone check it more extensively and compare the model with what you  are using .  also , please kindly inform me of any suggestions to improve the model as well  as  any problems you may find .  i can be reached at 31631 .  best ,  alex",0,credit exposure model bill attached spreadsheet credit exposure model xll file performed tests numbers looked reasonable however extensive testing using realistic data needed would like pass model someone check extensively compare model using also please kindly inform suggestions improve model well problems may find reached best alex
Subject: re : bruno repetto interview with enron corp . research group  bruno repetto will be in the office on may 11 beginning at 1 : 00 pm .  following is the interview schedule :  vince kaminski 1 : 00 pm  stinson gibner 1 : 30 pm  grant masson 2 : 00 pm  vasant shanbhogue 2 : 30 pm  krishna krishnarao 3 : 00 pm  zimin lu 3 : 30 pm  tany tamarchenko 4 : 00 pm  all interviews will be conducted in ebl 938 .  the calendars that i have access to have already been marked .  thanks !  shirley,0,bruno repetto interview enron corp research group bruno repetto office may beginning pm following interview schedule vince kaminski pm stinson gibner pm grant masson pm vasant shanbhogue pm krishna krishnarao pm zimin lu pm tany tamarchenko pm interviews conducted ebl calendars access already marked thanks shirley
"Subject: we owe you lots of money  dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . wsrefi . net / ? id = j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , heather grant , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . wsrefi . net / book . php",1,owe lots money dear applicant review upon receiving application current mortgage qualifies rate new monthly payment low month loan please confirm information order us finalize loan may also apply new one complete final steps visiting http www wsrefi net id j look foward hearing thank heather grant account managerlpc associates llc interested www wsrefi net book php
"Subject: phone number in france :  mes amis ,  in case of emergencies , you can reach me after july 3 at 011 33 4 50 02 22  12 .  france is 7 hours later than houston , i . e . 11 : 00 am in houston is cocktail  hour ( 6 : 00 pm ) in france .  affecteusement ,  grant .",0,phone number france mes amis case emergencies reach july france hours later houston e houston cocktail hour pm france affecteusement grant
"Subject: arthur andersen model validation request  vince ,  our goal is to validate that the enron global market book  administrators are accurately using the "" spread option model "" as developed by  the research group . to determine this , we would like to provide you with  the inputs for a particular deal ( as provided by a global markets book  administrator ) and have you recalculate the deal value . we will then  compare your results to the values calculated by global markets .  two koch deals have been chosen due to their substantial p / l effect . i have  attached the deal data in two forms : ( 1 ) the spread option model that kara  boudreau , book administrator egm , provided and ( 2 ) an excel spreadsheet that  isolates the 2 deals .  if there is anything more that we could provide , please don ' t hesitate to  call me at x 30968 .  thank you so much for all of your help .  gillian  1 .  2 .",0,arthur andersen model validation request vince goal validate enron global market book administrators accurately using spread option model developed research group determine would like provide inputs particular deal provided global markets book administrator recalculate deal value compare results values calculated global markets two koch deals chosen due substantial p l effect attached deal data two forms spread option model kara boudreau book administrator egm provided excel spreadsheet isolates deals anything could provide please hesitate call x thank much help gillian
"Subject: it security and standards notice  information risk management  ) it security and standards notice  passwords  the key to maintaining information and systems security is the use of  well - selected and guarded passwords . please remember , your password is our  first line of defense . it is important that :  ? your password should be unique and only known to you .  ? your password should never be shared with someone else .  ? a password must never be written down ( i . e . post - it notes ) , stored in files  on personal computers , at workstations , hidden under keyboards , configured on  terminal hot - keys , etc .  ? passwords must be changed every 60 days .  strong password selection criteria will soon be automated for all employees .  for instructions on selecting a good password or to the view the company  password policy and standards , click here :  please keep in mind that the enron conduct of business affairs holds  employees responsible for password security . information risk management  conducts periodic audits to ensure compliance with company policy .  for any problems encountered concerning password controls , please call your  appropriate help desk ( available : 24 hrs . / day , 7 days / week ) .",0,security standards notice information risk management security standards notice passwords key maintaining information systems security use well selected guarded passwords please remember password first line defense important password unique known password never shared someone else password must never written e post notes stored files personal computers workstations hidden keyboards configured terminal hot keys etc passwords must changed every days strong password selection criteria soon automated employees instructions selecting good password view company password policy standards click please keep mind enron conduct business affairs holds employees responsible password security information risk management conducts periodic audits ensure compliance company policy problems encountered concerning password controls please call appropriate help desk available hrs day days week
"Subject: henwood & psim  stinson / vince ,  the henwood runs for dabhol are , at least temporarily , over . however , the  main modeller for henwood ( david yumigada ) works out of their california  office .  it maybe worth our while to have him come and demonstrate the runs , and  explain the modelling algorithm to the larger group .  in aparticular , now that i am going through some of the comments people have  raised on the psim model , i think there is value in understanding the way  henwood deals with hot and cold starts , ramp up costs , and with issues of  cycling plants .  i think understanding these will help in developing the next version of the  psim , and will also give the group here ideas to build into existing models .  this is a suggestion , and so please let me know if you see value in this .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,henwood psim stinson vince henwood runs dabhol least temporarily however main modeller henwood david yumigada works california office maybe worth come demonstrate runs explain modelling algorithm larger group aparticular going comments people raised psim model think value understanding way henwood deals hot cold starts ramp costs issues cycling plants think understanding help developing next version psim also give group ideas build existing models suggestion please let know see value regards sandeep
"Subject: maths course  dear vince ,  ?  i just wondered whether you have had chance to look at your bullet points  and bio for the maths course . if so please could could email them to me as  soon as possible . could you also let me know whether your company  affiliation should now be enron north america .  ?  thanks vince and best regards ,  ?  vicky",0,maths course dear vince wondered whether chance look bullet points bio maths course please could could email soon possible could also let know whether company affiliation enron north america thanks vince best regards vicky
"Subject: re : eprm 2001 houston  layla ,  my associate ' s name is tanya tamarchenko . the  e - mail address is : tanya . tamarchenko @ enron . com .  location is the same as mine , enron , 1400 smith , houston .  thanks  vince  p . s . shirley , please send my bio to layla  "" layla o ' leary "" on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 33 : 00 am  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : re : eprm 2001 houston  yes , that ' s fine . if you can please give me her full contact details  including e - mail and address i will have her registered as a co - speaker .  if you would like to bring your own copies to the event i would ask you to  send 200 copies directly to the venue . although if you can get it to me on  friday i can still insert it !  could i please trouble you for a short biography ?  kind regards  layla  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 02 may 2001 15 : 38  to : loleary @ riskwaters . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : eprm 2001 houston  layla ,  a few points .  i shall be glad to attend the reception .  i am falling behind in getting my presentation ready . sorry for the delay .  i can commit to delivering the required number of copies on the day of my  presentation  ( or a day before ) . i have done it on two occasions before ( power 2000 and  power 1999 ) :  the copies were produced by our company copy center at no cost to you .  my associate , tanya tamarchenko , is helping me with one aspect of the  presentation and  i would like her to deliver part of my speach . it ' s only fair to give her  the credit when the  credit is due . is it ok to include her as an additional speaker ?  vince  "" layla o ' leary "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 09 : 04 : 52 am  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : eprm 2001 houston  dear speaker ,  pre - congress cocktail reception - sunday 13 th may @ 5 : 30 pm in the juniper  room  we would be delighted to have you attend our pre - congress cocktail  reception . we will be extending this invitation to all our sponsors ,  exhibitors and eprm / risk waters group staff . we hope this will provide a  perfect opportunity for you to meet all our staff and clients before the  formal opening of eprm 2001 usa  + rsvp  i would also like to remind you that i need any missing presentations by  thursday 3 rd may . it is essential that i get these in as the delegates  rely  on these to make notes and get very upset if they are not included in the  packs .  if you still haven ' t informed me of your av requirements , please do so as  quickly as possible . i also require a short biography .  i would like to point out that i will not be taking any presentations on  disk to the event . if you are using a laptop , your presentation should be  loaded onto the laptop that you bring with you . you must bring your own  laptop and disc , with connecting cables .  any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .  kind regards  layla o ' leary  event co - ordinator  risk waters group  haymarket house  28 - 29 haymarket  london  swly 4 rx  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9871  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800",0,eprm houston layla associate name tanya tamarchenko e mail address tanya tamarchenko enron com location mine enron smith houston thanks vince p shirley please send bio layla layla leary please respond cc subject eprm houston yes fine please give full contact details including e mail address registered co speaker would like bring copies event would ask send copies directly venue although get friday still insert could please trouble short biography kind regards layla original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent may loleary riskwaters com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject eprm houston layla points shall glad attend reception falling behind getting presentation ready sorry delay commit delivering required number copies day presentation day done two occasions power power copies produced company copy center cost associate tanya tamarchenko helping one aspect presentation would like deliver part speach fair give credit credit due ok include additional speaker vince layla leary please respond cc subject eprm houston dear speaker pre congress cocktail reception sunday th may pm juniper room would delighted attend pre congress cocktail reception extending invitation sponsors exhibitors eprm risk waters group staff hope provide perfect opportunity meet staff clients formal opening eprm usa rsvp would also like remind need missing presentations thursday rd may essential get delegates rely make notes get upset included packs still informed av requirements please quickly possible also require short biography would like point taking presentations disk event using laptop presentation loaded onto laptop bring must bring laptop disc connecting cables questions please hesitate contact kind regards layla leary event co ordinator risk waters group haymarket house haymarket london swly rx tel fax
"Subject: re : calpx prices  jason ,  i think what you may be asking for are caliso power prices . the calpx is a  scheduling coordinator and they submit balanced schedules and bid curves to  the caliso . the iso combines the curves from participating scs ( of which i  believe enron is one ) and calculates the uncongested and congested prices .  the caliso prices are available from rdi powerdat , the enron lim database , and  a number of other sources . recent historical prices are available from the  caliso web site .  i am copying your mail to tim hiezenrader , who runs the westdesk fundamentals  group . i believe he would know how you might be able to access the more  real - time caliso data that enron collects .  tim , can you help jason out ? he is a manager in the ena research group .  thanks ,  michael  > > > sokolov , jason 01 / 26 / 01 02 : 01 pm > > >  michael ,  i an trying to locate some historical real - time ( spot ) power prices for calpx .  do you know who may have them ?  jason sokolov",0,calpx prices jason think may asking caliso power prices calpx scheduling coordinator submit balanced schedules bid curves caliso iso combines curves participating scs believe enron one calculates uncongested congested prices caliso prices available rdi powerdat enron lim database number sources recent historical prices available caliso web site copying mail tim hiezenrader runs westdesk fundamentals group believe would know might able access real time caliso data enron collects tim help jason manager ena research group thanks michael sokolov jason pm michael trying locate historical real time spot power prices calpx know may jason sokolov
"Subject: re : part - time work  vince ,  zimin and i talked briefly about the part - time work this morning . to recap ;  i am willing to work 20 hours a week , however , i expressed my concern about  commuting every week . i asked if commuting once every two weeks ( and work  out of austin every other week ) would be acceptable . as to the term of the  work , i suggested a 3 - mo period ( i have yet not talked to international  office which arranges work authorization using curricular practical training  of which i have used up 9 months already ) , i might run into problems if i  ask for more . i also mentioned that i would do my best to accomodate your  preferences . we did not discuss any other details .  i shall be awaiting for your response on this matter .  best ,  - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  cantekin dincerler  doctoral candidate  the university of texas at austin  graduate school of business  department of finance  office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  cell : ( 512 ) 680 - 5355  http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : monday , september 18 , 2000 5 : 50 pm  > to : cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu  > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > subject : re : part - time work  >  >  >  > cantekin ,  >  > i shall call you tomorrow to discuss the details .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" cantekin dincerler "" on 09 / 18 / 2000  > 02 : 59 : 41 pm  >  > please respond to  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : part - time work  >  >  > hi vince ,  >  > i promised to get back to you on the part - time work issue .  > sorry for the  > delay , i got back to austin only last week . i talked to ehud  > about this and  > he is ok with it . just wanted to let you know .  >  > best ,  >  > - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  > cantekin dincerler  >  > doctoral candidate  > the university of texas at austin  > graduate school of business  > department of finance  > office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  > fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  > home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  > cell : ( 512 ) 680 - 5355  > http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,part time work vince zimin talked briefly part time work morning recap willing work hours week however expressed concern commuting every week asked commuting every two weeks work austin every week would acceptable term work suggested mo period yet talked international office arranges work authorization using curricular practical training used months already might run problems ask also mentioned would best accomodate preferences discuss details shall awaiting response matter best oooo oooo cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate university texas austin graduate school business department finance office fax home cell http uts cc utexas edu cantekin oooo oooo original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday september pm cantekin mail utexas edu cc vince j kaminski enron com subject part time work cantekin shall call tomorrow discuss details vince cantekin dincerler pm please respond cc subject part time work hi vince promised get back part time work issue sorry delay got back austin last week talked ehud ok wanted let know best oooo oooo cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate university texas austin graduate school business department finance office fax home cell http uts cc utexas edu cantekin oooo oooo
"Subject: none  hello ,  this is a one time mailing .  we are looking for people who might be interested in  working p / t from home . this position involves working  10 - 15 hours per week . you can expect to make $ 15 - $ 25  per hour worked . to see a job description , you may go to  have a great day !  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing  real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in !  http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,none hello one time mailing looking people might interested working p home position involves working hours per week expect make per hour worked see job description may go great day sf net email sponsored jabber world fastest growing real time communications platform im build http www jabber com osdn xim spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: ferc ' s soft price caps : what do they mean ? - cera conference call  notification  * * * please accept our apologies if you have received this message already * * *  we have been experiencing some technical difficulties , and you may have  already received this message last week . ? we apologize for any inconvenience  this may have caused . - cera webmaster  title : ferc ' s soft price caps : what do they mean ?  url :  0 . html  or  0 . html  topic : ferc ' s price caps : what do they mean ?  * objectives and methodology outlined by ferc in these orders  * implications of this form of price cap on competitive power markets  * ferc ' s application of other price cap methodologies in other regions  format  our speakers will address this topic for 30 minutes , with accompanying  graphics  presented on the internet , followed by an open question and answer period .  speakers  john athas , cera associate director , north american electric power  mike zenker , cera director , western energy  time  4 : 00 p . m . eastern , tuesday , april 10 , 2001  eligibility  clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who  subscribe  to the cera north american electric power retainer advisory service or the  western energy retainer advisory service .  to enroll  to enroll , please send a fax to kari paakaula at ( 617 ) 497 - 0423 or send an  e - mail to kpaakaula @ cera . com before 4 : 00 p . m . , monday , april 9 , 2001 . please  include your name , company , and telephone number with your correspondence .  to participate  to participate in the audio portion of the call , please call in on one of the  following numbers approximately 10 - 15 minutes before the call :  within the united states : 1 - 800 - 946 - 0713  outside the united states : ( 719 ) 457 - 2642  confirmation code : 713248  title of the call : cera power call  to participate in the internet portion of the call ( audio is by telephone ) ,  log  on to the internet approximately 15 - 30 minutes before the presentation to  ensure technological compatibility .  1 . point your browser to http : / / www . placeware . com / cc / visioncastconferencing  2 . enter the following information , then click "" attend "" :  * your name  * meeting id : w 713248  * meeting key : 713838  3 . access audio for the meeting using the audio information above .  system requirements and suggestions  * internet connection not reliant on the phone line you will use for the  call .  * a java - enabled browser , such as microsoft internet explorer 3 . 02 or higher ;  netscape navigator 3 . 02 or higher ; or sun hot java ( tm )  * close all desktop applications and disable your screen saver  to ensure computer compatibility , complete the internet instructions before  the  day of the call . a message will appear telling you that your meeting is not  ready to start . however , it also informs you about any action that you may  need  to take to prepare your computer to participate .  technical assistance  if you experience difficulties during the call , you may signal for technical  assistance by pressing * 0 ( star , zero ) on your telephone keypad , once  connected  to the audio portion of the conference .  for more information , please contact kari paakaula via e - mail at  kpaakaula @ cera . com or via telephone at ( 617 ) 441 - 1362 .  a recording of this call will be available until may 10 , 2001 . to access this  recording , please call 1 - 888 - 203 - 1112 ( within the united states ) or  719 ) 457 - 0820 ( outside the united states ) . please use confirmation number  713248 to access the call .  * * end * *  e - mail category : conference call notification ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  cera knowledge area ( s ) : north american power , western energy ,  cera ' s spring 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available  at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event  to make changes to your cera . com profile go to :  forgot your username and password ? go to :  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information  from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is  confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,  distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,  in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates",0,ferc soft price caps mean cera conference call notification please accept apologies received message already experiencing technical difficulties may already received message last week apologize inconvenience may caused cera webmaster title ferc soft price caps mean url html html topic ferc price caps mean objectives methodology outlined ferc orders implications form price cap competitive power markets ferc application price cap methodologies regions format speakers address topic minutes accompanying graphics presented internet followed open question answer period speakers john athas cera associate director north american electric power mike zenker cera director western energy time p eastern tuesday april eligibility clients eligible participate conference call subscribe cera north american electric power retainer advisory service western energy retainer advisory service enroll enroll please send fax kari paakaula send e mail kpaakaula cera com p monday april please include name company telephone number correspondence participate participate audio portion call please call one following numbers approximately minutes call within united states outside united states confirmation code title call cera power call participate internet portion call audio telephone log internet approximately minutes presentation ensure technological compatibility point browser http www placeware com cc visioncastconferencing enter following information click attend name meeting id w meeting key access audio meeting using audio information system requirements suggestions internet connection reliant phone line use call java enabled browser microsoft internet explorer higher netscape navigator higher sun hot java tm close desktop applications disable screen saver ensure computer compatibility complete internet instructions day call message appear telling meeting ready start however also informs action may need take prepare computer participate technical assistance experience difficulties call may signal technical assistance pressing star zero telephone keypad connected audio portion conference information please contact kari paakaula via e mail kpaakaula cera com via telephone recording call available may access recording please call within united states outside united states please use confirmation number access call end e mail category conference call notification cera knowledge area north american power western energy cera spring roundtable event dates agendas available http www cera com event make changes cera com profile go forgot username password go http www cera com client forgot electronic message attachments contain information cambridge energy research associates inc cera confidential may privileged unauthorized disclosure copying distribution use contents message attachments whole part strictly prohibited terms use http www cera com tos questions comments webmaster cera com copyright cambridge energy research associates
"Subject: thanks again  vince ,  i thank you again for all your help . ? i will continue to search for job  opportunities at enron , and hopefully be able to find a match for me .  how is your son doing ? is he still interested in computers ? there is a  promising future for high - tech guys .  regards ?  carla di castro  marketing  mfr group , inc .  one riverway , ste 1900  houston , tx 77056 - 1951  phone ( 713 ) 353 - 8180  office ( 713 ) 622 - 1120",0,thanks vince thank help continue search job opportunities enron hopefully able find match son still interested computers promising future high tech guys regards carla di castro marketing mfr group inc one riverway ste houston tx phone office
"Subject: accounting adjustment  kim ,  fyi . i checked on the progress of the accounting adjustment and was told it  would happen  this month .  vince",0,accounting adjustment kim fyi checked progress accounting adjustment told would happen month vince
Subject: best software prices .  big range of all types of downloadable software .  life is consciousness .  if you stay in beverly hills too long you become a mercedes .,1,best software prices big range types downloadable software life consciousness stay beverly hills long become mercedes
"Subject: anti - aging that works . no more botox  no more painful botox sessions . . .  we have the botox replacement cream is stokc !  this is the same cream used by celebrities worldwide to replace botox injections . tom cruise , gisele bundchen , britney spears , nicole kidman . . .  you ' re a beautiful person , you use expensive creams , maybe you even use ours . . . but here you can seva 70 % .  so , stop the pain now ! replace botox now !  3 days worldwide dlelivery  http : / / www . botoxforless . info",1,anti aging works botox painful botox sessions botox replacement cream stokc cream used celebrities worldwide replace botox injections tom cruise gisele bundchen britney spears nicole kidman beautiful person use expensive creams maybe even use seva stop pain replace botox days worldwide dlelivery http www botoxforless info
"Subject: f / up  sheila ,  i am forwarding you a message i received a few days ago . i want to ask you  for advice how to handle this case .  my first reaction was to ignore it . the longer i think about it , the more  convinced i become that some action  is required .  let ' s try to reverse the situation and assume for the sake of argument that a  female employee  was harassed by a male colleague . an employee informs her boss a few months  later about  the alleged incident and the boss chooses to ignore it . in many similar  cases , courts subsequently  found against the companies that decided to turn a blind eye to such  complaints .  the fact that we are dealing with the case of reverse harassment is  immaterial .  if i ignore this complaint i may expose the company to charges of double  standard in  handling sexual harassment cases .  my recommendation would be to ask maureen to attend sensitivity training and  sexual harassment prevention class .  please , let me know what you think . sorry to burden you with this case .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 29 / 2000  11 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  clayton vernon @ enron  12 / 21 / 2000 03 : 51 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : f / up  vince -  i got your message ( i was up on the roof of the building helping to fix the  weather satellite dish - what a gorgeous view of houston ! ) .  i appreciate your words . everything remains fine , vince . you are my "" father ""  here at enron , and i admire and respect you greatly . i think i know the kind  of person you are , in terms of your integrity , and i admire the high  standards you set for all of us in your extended "" group . ""  i want to let you know i am not the only one in the group who doesn ' t  appreciate the way maureen disrespects you . you remain the key external  factor in their success - it is not simply their own abilities that matter to  their futures but your own - vince ' s - success with upper management that  matters .  we respect you , and we don ' t like it when you are disrespected . maureen  didn ' t disrespect me today , vince , she disrespected you .  it ' s time i told you something . last april , maureen , highly intoxicated  following a work - related function at ninfa ' s , made an unsolicited predatory  sexual advance on me at my desk on the 19 th floor . i was shocked and  disgusted , but i didn ' t say one word about this , vince , because i played it  out and didn ' t want to put you into the position of having a raving maureen  in your midst as you perhaps had to fire her and then endure a litany of  gender - bias crap lawsuits .  i "" took one for the team , "" vince . i can ' rt say i would do it again - maureen  is brazen to berate me after what she did , in public no less .  i appreciate your bringing me into enron . i ' ve found a respectful and ,  indeed , a loving work environment . i remain willing to do whatever i can to  help the group .  clayton",0,f sheila forwarding message received days ago want ask advice handle case first reaction ignore longer think convinced become action required let try reverse situation assume sake argument female employee harassed male colleague employee informs boss months later alleged incident boss chooses ignore many similar cases courts subsequently found companies decided turn blind eye complaints fact dealing case reverse harassment immaterial ignore complaint may expose company charges double standard handling sexual harassment cases recommendation would ask maureen attend sensitivity training sexual harassment prevention class please let know think sorry burden case vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect clayton vernon enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject f vince got message roof building helping fix weather satellite dish gorgeous view houston appreciate words everything remains fine vince father enron admire respect greatly think know kind person terms integrity admire high standards set us extended group want let know one group appreciate way maureen disrespects remain key external factor success simply abilities matter futures vince success upper management matters respect like disrespected maureen disrespect today vince disrespected time told something last april maureen highly intoxicated following work related function ninfa made unsolicited predatory sexual advance desk th floor shocked disgusted say one word vince played want put position raving maureen midst perhaps fire endure litany gender bias crap lawsuits took one team vince rt say would maureen brazen berate public less appreciate bringing enron found respectful indeed loving work environment remain willing whatever help group clayton
"Subject: re : software  hi helyette ,  congratulations on your papers .  the purchase contract is in the last stage of approvals  ( it ' s circulating through different parts of the company  where it has to be signed ) . i think we should be able to execute  the contract in the first few days of december .  i shall let you know as soon as our internal process is completed .  vince  gemanix @ aol . com on 11 / 29 / 2000 02 : 26 : 12 pm  to : vkaminski @ aol . com  cc : vkamins @ enron . com  subject : software  dear vince ,  i guess time has been flying for you by since our brilliant show  in paris . in my case , it is the same : i got 3 papers accepted in the  3 major journals in finance ( journal of business , journal of finance  and journal of financial economics ) . we should write a piece !  our software seems to be quite satisfactory for the oil people . my  lawyer had added a paragraph to karla ' s document : since she had  mentioned the right for enron to check at any time the code source  etc , he wanted to request enron to pay his fees in the case d - g  disappeared . in any case , if you are still interested , we are ready to  use your escrow account to make things simpler . moreover , i am  striking an agreement with a software company , 13 years with  people from polytechnique + finance , to be our hot line ( with us paying  royalties , of course ) . this would complement my 2 associates .  looking forward to hearing from you  helyette",0,software hi helyette congratulations papers purchase contract last stage approvals circulating different parts company signed think able execute contract first days december shall let know soon internal process completed vince gemanix aol com pm vkaminski aol com cc vkamins enron com subject software dear vince guess time flying since brilliant show paris case got papers accepted major journals finance journal business journal finance journal financial economics write piece software seems quite satisfactory oil people lawyer added paragraph karla document since mentioned right enron check time code source etc wanted request enron pay fees case g disappeared case still interested ready use escrow account make things simpler moreover striking agreement software company years people polytechnique finance hot line us paying royalties course would complement associates looking forward hearing helyette
"Subject: masayuki fujita from the mitsubishi research institute  i have been at enron for eight months and work under sally beck .  in december i attended the exotic energy derivatives conference , where i met  masayuki fujita from the mitsubishi research institute . he is doing research  on the deregulation of the japanese power market . we had lunch together and  chatted for some time about his work ( i worked in a japanese company for 8  1 / 2 years and speak fluent japanese , so we got along easily ) .  he was in houston this week and came by to visit . on monday , we met with  vince kaminski and grant masson and later had dinner with them . sally  suggested that i introduce him to alan aronowitz and you . of course , you  were out of town , but we did meet with alan who said you would probably want  to meet him back in tokyo anyway .  would you like for me to set something up ?  regards ,  eugenio",0,masayuki fujita mitsubishi research institute enron eight months work sally beck december attended exotic energy derivatives conference met masayuki fujita mitsubishi research institute research deregulation japanese power market lunch together chatted time work worked japanese company years speak fluent japanese got along easily houston week came visit monday met vince kaminski grant masson later dinner sally suggested introduce alan aronowitz course town meet alan said would probably want meet back tokyo anyway would like set something regards eugenio
"Subject: ibuyit form  attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing  director , research group .  he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ibuyit form  hi shirley  there were two shirleys , so sending to both  isc help desk",0,ibuyit form attached please find completed form vince kaminski managing director research group approving purchases cost center forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm debbie skinner enron enronxgate pm shirley crenshaw houston eott eott shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject ibuyit form hi shirley two shirleys sending isc help desk
"Subject: new pc  hi lyn :  alex huang has requested a new pc and vince kaminski has ok ' d it . please  order the computer as listed below in alex ' s request .  thanks !  shirley  3 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  01 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 12 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron  subject : new pc  shirley ,  ok .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  12 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alex huang @ enron  01 / 07 / 2000 08 : 28 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : new pc  hi shirley ,  i would like to request for a new pc . my current pc is quite old with not  enough memory . twice  i ran out of memory and had to have it people coming to clean it for me .  their suggestion is  to either get a new hard drive or a new pc . given that dell has pentiumc iii  processor at 800 mhz  on market , i would like to request a pc with process at 500 mhz or higher  level .  thank you very much .  best ,  alex",0,new pc hi lyn alex huang requested new pc vince kaminski ok please order computer listed alex request thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron subject new pc shirley ok vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm alex huang enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect subject new pc hi shirley would like request new pc current pc quite old enough memory twice ran memory people coming clean suggestion either get new hard drive new pc given dell pentiumc iii processor mhz market would like request pc process mhz higher level thank much best alex
"Subject: a letter i sent  fiona ,  ?  i sent you a letter a while ago to obtain enron ' s approval of the text . ? are  you still ? my contact for this ? ? if not , please let me know who i should send  the ? promotional material for approval .  ?  thanks ,  julie brennan  ?  lacima group  - covering letter for book brochures - final . doc",0,letter sent fiona sent letter ago obtain enron approval text still contact please let know send promotional material approval thanks julie brennan lacima group covering letter book brochures final doc
"Subject: bio ' s  hi john !  so sorry for the delay in getting these to you this evening - - - "" connectivity ""  issues . . . a few monks too few ! ! ( haha ) .  here are the most current bio ' s for jeff and ken :  .  i thoroughly enjoyed our dinner this evening and look forward to seeing you  tomorrow !  thanks !  - - christie .",0,bio hi john sorry delay getting evening connectivity issues monks haha current bio jeff ken thoroughly enjoyed dinner evening look forward seeing tomorrow thanks christie
"Subject: great news . youve been pre - approved for a new . .  we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate .  i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved .  here are the results :  * account id : [ 708 - 107 ]  * negotiable amount : $ 192 , 483 to $ 678 , 843  * rate : 3 . 30 % - 5 . 66 %  please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible .  regards ,  stephen britton  senior account manager  lyell national lenders , llc .  database deletion :  www . lend - bloxz . com / r . php ",1,great news youve pre approved new tried contact last week refinancing home lower rate would like inform know pre approved results account id negotiable amount rate please fill quick form broker contact soon possible regards stephen britton senior account manager lyell national lenders llc database deletion www lend bloxz com r php
"Subject: charm conference call  please let me know what works for you . i have a meeting monday from 10 : 00  a . m . through lunch . please advise .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james l bouillion / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001  07 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" bertil olsson "" on 02 / 06 / 2001 10 : 37 : 21 am  to : james . l . bouillion @ enron . com  cc :  subject : charm conference call  carl and i are both available either monday 12 th or tuesday 13 th . we can do  either am or pm but would prefer am if possible . please let me know your  preference and i will set it up .  regards ,  bertil  the information in this email and in any attachments is confidential and  may be privileged . if you are not the intended recipient , please destroy  this message , delete any copies held on your systems and notify the sender  immediately . you should not retain , copy or use this email for any  purpose , nor disclose all or any part of its content to any other person .",0,charm conference call please let know works meeting monday lunch please advise forwarded james l bouillion hou ect bertil olsson james l bouillion enron com cc subject charm conference call carl available either monday th tuesday th either pm would prefer possible please let know preference set regards bertil information email attachments confidential may privileged intended recipient please destroy message delete copies held systems notify sender immediately retain copy use email purpose disclose part content person
"Subject: re : status  clayton ,  we can discuss your request when i come back to the office on monday .  regarding the trip to portland . such a trip requires an explicit prior  permission from your boss ,  myself in his absence , or stinson in my and vasant ' s absence .  in case you did not ask for such a permission before , the request is denied .  vince  clayton vernon @ enron  07 / 20 / 2000 03 : 12 pm  to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : status  vasant -  i hope you had a wonderful vacation back home , and are rested and recovered  from the long flight back .  i wanted to give you an update of the eol project , the gas model , and of my  intentions here at enron .  software ( in compiled c on the unix platform ) has been developed and debugged  to listen to the eol trades , process them , book them , and file them away . in  addition , software has been developed and debugged to mark these to market on  a continual basis , and to store the entirety of open positions on eol in a  dynamic matrix facilitating analysis . it has yet to get back with me on how  the software can be informed of those trades ultimately rejected for credit  purposes .  these data files are stored in a format for reading by excel or by sas , for  which i have written the data step program and basic tabulation routines  elucidating the structure of the data .  i am in the process of documenting all of this for you .  with regards the gas model and its slow performance on the compaq , dell has  agreed to loan me one of their competing machines to the compaq , to see if  the performance issue of the lp is related to the compaq . i have been  researching this issue with it here and with compaq and dell . the new machine  will be here any day now ( no financial obligation to anyone ) , and i will be  able to immediately ascertain whether the problem the model is having is  compaq - specific .  i am also in the process of documenting the gas model for you .  i ' ve tried to do my best for you , vasant , but i have been frustrated by not  only the death of my mother but some internal systems in it here . just the  other day , sas could not open a full query of the eol database because there  wasn ' t enough free space on the server ' s hard drive for the workfiles . in  discussing some of these issues with some good friends of mine in power  trading , people whom i have known for over 10 years , they indicated they were  ubiquitous here . the power traders have similar pc ' s to my new one , and they  have complained from day 1 that theirs are slower than their old ones . also ,  there remains a large frustration with the development of data warehouses ;  during my brief tenure here it has gone through two differing proposals as to  how to address this . when i have been told of tools available for real - time  data harvesting , my requests for such have typically been met with "" well , we  have it , but we haven ' t really tested it yet . "" an example is the weather : we  still do not record to disk the hourly nws observations from the goes  satellite .  my interests here are to help enron to do well , because i will do well only  if enron does well . these aren ' t empty words - my ira is 100 % invested in the  enron stock fund . i believe my best contributions to enron will be in the  areas of systems as well as modeling , and the difficulty working in the  research group , in terms of systems development , is that , frankly , few people  at enron seem to care what a researcher thinks about our systems . we aren ' t  directly generating revenues for enron , and we aren ' t really their customers ,  except in our relatively small deparrtmental infrastructure expenses .  as it happens , power trading posted an opening for a modeling and forecasting  person , and i spoke with them and they asked me to take the job , reporting to  george hopley . it is a wonderful opportunity for me , vasant , as they are  interested in large system modelng of power grids as well as improving their  traders ' access to real - time fundamentals data . i was completely candid with  kevin presto regarding my shortcomings here in research - i told him you were  disgusted with me because i repeatedly failed to meet time deadlines . they  also understand i have yet to be at enron for 1 year , and thus may only bid  on a job with your permission . we agree the move is good for enron ; we all  work for enron , and your acquiescence to the move does not endorse it but  merely permit it . they are comfortable with me - they have known me for years  as a hard worker , honest and unpretensive . they have already ordered a  state - of - the - art unix workstation and server for me , and they have told me  they will commit whatever resources are necessary for me to be successful ,  including hiring an analyst to work for me . and , i have already been able to  teach their analysts improved techniques for data harvesting and analysis i  have learned here .  so , i am requesting your permission to bid for this job opening . it would be  a lateral move in position and salary , and i would commit to you to help you  in any way possible in the future with regards the gas model or the eol  database . i will continue to work on their improvement , and complete their  documentation .  as it happens , i am away on enron business in portland monday and tuesday ,  and will be back wednesday . i had wanted to talk face - to - face instead of by  email , but enron business supercedes - i am on a team designing the data  warehouse for floor trader support .  clayton .",0,status clayton discuss request come back office monday regarding trip portland trip requires explicit prior permission boss absence stinson vasant absence case ask permission request denied vince clayton vernon enron pm vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject status vasant hope wonderful vacation back home rested recovered long flight back wanted give update eol project gas model intentions enron software compiled c unix platform developed debugged listen eol trades process book file away addition software developed debugged mark market continual basis store entirety open positions eol dynamic matrix facilitating analysis yet get back software informed trades ultimately rejected credit purposes data files stored format reading excel sas written data step program basic tabulation routines elucidating structure data process documenting regards gas model slow performance compaq dell agreed loan one competing machines compaq see performance issue lp related compaq researching issue compaq dell new machine day financial obligation anyone able immediately ascertain whether problem model compaq specific also process documenting gas model tried best vasant frustrated death mother internal systems day sas could open full query eol database enough free space server hard drive workfiles discussing issues good friends mine power trading people known years indicated ubiquitous power traders similar pc new one complained day slower old ones also remains large frustration development data warehouses brief tenure gone two differing proposals address told tools available real time data harvesting requests typically met well really tested yet example weather still record disk hourly nws observations goes satellite interests help enron well well enron well empty words ira invested enron stock fund believe best contributions enron areas systems well modeling difficulty working research group terms systems development frankly people enron seem care researcher thinks systems directly generating revenues enron really customers except relatively small deparrtmental infrastructure expenses happens power trading posted opening modeling forecasting person spoke asked take job reporting george hopley wonderful opportunity vasant interested large system modelng power grids well improving traders access real time fundamentals data completely candid kevin presto regarding shortcomings research told disgusted repeatedly failed meet time deadlines also understand yet enron year thus may bid job permission agree move good enron work enron acquiescence move endorse merely permit comfortable known years hard worker honest unpretensive already ordered state art unix workstation server told commit whatever resources necessary successful including hiring analyst work already able teach analysts improved techniques data harvesting analysis learned requesting permission bid job opening would lateral move position salary would commit help way possible future regards gas model eol database continue work improvement complete documentation happens away enron business portland monday tuesday back wednesday wanted talk face face instead email enron business supercedes team designing data warehouse floor trader support clayton
"Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  marshall :  thanks for responding so quickly . i have scheduled the following interview :  wednesday , december 6 - 1 : 00 pm houston time . it will last approximately  1 hour . we will call you at ( 605 ) 497 - 4045 unless otherwise instructed .  if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 713 / 853 - 5290 .  best regards ,  shirley crenshaw  "" jingming ' marshall ' yan "" on 11 / 28 / 2000 12 : 59 : 55 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  ms . crenshaw ,  thank you very much for the message . i am very interested in the  opportunity to talk to personnel from the research group at enron . between  the two days you suggest , i prefer wednesday 12 / 6 . considering the  two - hour time difference between california and texas , 11 : 00 am pacific  time ( 1 : 00 pm your time ) seems to be a good slot . however , i am open most  of the day on 12 / 6 so if some other time slot is prefered on your end ,  please let me know .  thanks again . i look forward to talking to you and your  colleagues .  jingming  on tue , 28 nov 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote :  > good afternoon jingming :  >  > professor wolak forwarded your resume to the research group , and  > they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you , sometime next  > week , at your convenience . the best days would be tuesday , 12 / 5 or  > wednesday , 12 / 6 .  >  > please let me know which day and what time would be best for you and  > they will call you . let me know the telephone number that you wish to be  > contacted at .  >  > the interviewers would be :  >  > vince kaminski managing director and head of research  > vasant shanbhogue vice president , research  > lance cunningham manager , research  > alex huang manager , research  >  > look forward to hearing from you .  >  > best regards ,  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron research group .  > 713 - 853 - 5290  >  >  >  jingming "" marshall "" yan jmyan @ leland . stanford . edu  department of economics ( 650 ) 497 - 4045 ( h )  stanford university ( 650 ) 725 - 8914 ( o )  stanford , ca 94305 358 c , economics bldg  if one seeks to act virtuously and attain it , then what is  there to repine about ? - - confucius  _ ? oo ? ? ooo ? ? t  xo - ? ? - -  ? ?",0,telephone interview enron corp research group marshall thanks responding quickly scheduled following interview wednesday december pm houston time last approximately hour call unless otherwise instructed questions please feel free contact best regards shirley crenshaw jingming marshall yan pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject telephone interview enron corp research group ms crenshaw thank much message interested opportunity talk personnel research group enron two days suggest prefer wednesday considering two hour time difference california texas pacific time pm time seems good slot however open day time slot prefered end please let know thanks look forward talking colleagues jingming tue nov shirley crenshaw enron com wrote good afternoon jingming professor wolak forwarded resume research group would like conduct telephone interview sometime next week convenience best days would tuesday wednesday please let know day time would best call let know telephone number wish contacted interviewers would vince kaminski managing director head research vasant shanbhogue vice president research lance cunningham manager research alex huang manager research look forward hearing best regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group jingming marshall yan jmyan leland stanford edu department economics h stanford university stanford ca c economics bldg one seeks act virtuously attain repine confucius oo ooo xo
"Subject: re : sms conference  yes ,  i shall be glad to make a presentation .  thanks for considering me .  vince  zzmacmac @ aol . com on 01 / 31 / 2001 08 : 01 : 23 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : sms conference  the strategic management society is holding its annual meeting in san  francisco oct 21 to 24  we have a panel on real options , the thrustof which i attach . i was  wondering if you would be interested in presenting on the practitioner ' s  perspective - if not you would one of your colleagues be interested ?  - sms 2001 1 - 23 - 01 . doc",0,sms conference yes shall glad make presentation thanks considering vince zzmacmac aol com vkamins enron com cc subject sms conference strategic management society holding annual meeting san francisco oct panel real options thrustof attach wondering would interested presenting practitioner perspective would one colleagues interested sms doc
"Subject: iafe membership  a membership renewal form was faxed to you on 11 / 28 / 00 for vince kaminski .  we requested a "" full "" membership at the practitioner level for $ 165 . 00 and  it was charged to mr . kaminski ' s credit card .  would you please verify that you received this form ?  thank you .  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 07 / 2000  03 : 32 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  12 / 07 / 2000 10 : 40 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : iafe membership  shirley ,  please , renew my membership .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 07 / 2000  10 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  main @ iafe . org on 12 / 05 / 2000 03 : 47 : 45 pm  to :  cc :  subject : iafe membership  dear colleague :  we are pleased to report that we had a very exciting and productive year  with dozens of activities around the world . as we enter our 10 th year of  operations , the iafe has additional membership options available to you .  please take a moment to look at the attached membership form with the 2001  rate schedule . based on member requests , a premium membership is now being  offered that includes the annual conference at a 30 % discount , the financial  engineer of the year dinner , plus a subscription to the journal of  derivatives ( jod ) . the full membership remains as in previous years . the new  regular membership includes all membership benefits except jod . membership  is based on the calendar year january 1 - december 31 , 2001 .  membership is also available on our secured membership registration form at  our website http : / / www . iafe . org / about / join . ihtml . while on our website ,  please take a moment to visit our calendar listing upcoming events for the  new year .  if you have any questions please don ' t hesitate to contact me at  main @ iafe . org .  regards ,  donna jacobus  iafe office manager  - 2001 membership application . pdf",0,iafe membership membership renewal form faxed vince kaminski requested full membership practitioner level charged mr kaminski credit card would please verify received form thank shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject iafe membership shirley please renew membership vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect main iafe org pm cc subject iafe membership dear colleague pleased report exciting productive year dozens activities around world enter th year operations iafe additional membership options available please take moment look attached membership form rate schedule based member requests premium membership offered includes annual conference discount financial engineer year dinner plus subscription journal derivatives jod full membership remains previous years new regular membership includes membership benefits except jod membership based calendar year january december membership also available secured membership registration form website http www iafe org join ihtml website please take moment visit calendar listing upcoming events new year questions please hesitate contact main iafe org regards donna jacobus iafe office manager membership application pdf
"Subject: re : meeting tuesday  dale ,  your memory did not fail you .  we would like , however , to move the meeting to 2 p . m . tuesday .  i left you a voice message about it . please call me s soon as  possible to confirm .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 11 / 02 / 2000 07 : 41 : 40 pm  please respond to  to : "" vincent kaminski \ ( e - mail \ ) ""  cc :  subject : meeting tuesday  vince :  i was writing to confirm the meeting you wanted to set up with me , yourself ,  and mr . goodpasture for next tuesday . i believe it was set for 300 pm this  coming tuesday at your offices . ( i seem to have misplaced where i wrote the  specific time , so i wanted to be sure to reconfirm . ) please confirm if you  get a second so that i can finalize my travel schedule . you can email or  phone 650 . 218 . 3069 . thanks . i look forward to meeting with you again and  with mr . goodpasture .  dale nesbitt",0,meeting tuesday dale memory fail would like however move meeting p tuesday left voice message please call soon possible confirm vince dale nesbitt pm please respond vincent kaminski e mail cc subject meeting tuesday vince writing confirm meeting wanted set mr goodpasture next tuesday believe set pm coming tuesday offices seem misplaced wrote specific time wanted sure reconfirm please confirm get second finalize travel schedule email phone thanks look forward meeting mr goodpasture dale nesbitt
"Subject: stephen bennett  stephen bennett , professional meteorologist , was hired into the research  group in september of this year as a specialist based on salary alignment  criteria . in retrospect , and upon review , he should have been hired on as a  senior specialist .  after coming on board . it rapidly became apparent that stephen was clearly an  "" under hire . "" he is well - deserving of an immediate promotion ( really more of  a correction ) and pay raise , to be made retroactive at least to the lst of  this month . this memo outlines the circumstances surrounding this hiring  error and provides detailed justifications for this retroactive "" promotion . ""  at the time of the interview process , there was no position in enron  designated as "" professional meteorologist . "" in fact , the most recent similar  hire prior to that date was jose marquez , also a professional meteorologist ,  who was hired in , based on salary alignment criteria , as a manager . while  functionally , both these men are meteorologists , enron has no such job  classification . compounded by the urgency in bringing on additional  professional expertise in short time order , it was difficult to peg the  proper enron classification appropriate for this new position . this original  uncertainty and resulting misplacement of stephen into the specialist  category , rather than the senior specialist category , needs to be corrected  at this time .  although a "" new - hire "" to enron , stephen bennett has extensive work  experience . he has worked as a professional meteorologist at both the  weather services corporation in boston and at the weather channel in  atlanta . he came to enron well - referenced by both those organizations ,  needing no further training and only minimal supervision .  once aboard here in houston , stephen immediately demonstrated the core enron  values with our unique sense of urgency . after only a week , he assumed  responsibilities normally reserved for someone actually at even a manager  level - he was assigned and fully took over the critical afternoon weather  briefings to the gas traders . this includes analysis and report preparation  as well as presentation . also in the presentation arena , he now regularly  briefs various desks in the morning and throughout the day . stephen is a  master of communication and particularly adept at conveying what through  other messengers might otherwise seem confusing or ambiguous .  stephen has also demonstrated an unusually high level of self - initiative . he  designed , implemented , and now maintains several sub - sites on the research  web page which he tailored to various customers - in specific : the weather  derivatives team , the agricultural team , and most recently , the crude and  liquids team . i have recently assigned stephen to spearhead our conversion  and major upgrade of this web page .  these above described accomplishments are above and beyond stephen  , s regular  duties which include starting work at 5 am daily , reliably and without fail ,  to assemble and prepare our trader  , s weather report . recently , with the  advent of extended hours for both nymex and enrononline , stephen voluntarily  on his own accord , assists in our new sunday weather support effort . as his  supervisor , fully cognizant of his already standard 50 + hour work week , i do  not solicit , but readily accept , this above and beyond expectations  assistance .  in review , the circumstance which resulted in this under hire condition was  enron  , s immediate need for a non - standard , fairly unique professional - a  meteorologist , coupled with stephen  , s desire to work for our company in spite  of the absence of a hierarchy which included the exact entitled professional  title reflecting his chosen career path . . once hired , stephen has clearly  demonstrated through contribution and performance that he is well - deserving  of this immediate and retroactive promotion .",0,stephen bennett stephen bennett professional meteorologist hired research group september year specialist based salary alignment criteria retrospect upon review hired senior specialist coming board rapidly became apparent stephen clearly hire well deserving immediate promotion really correction pay raise made retroactive least lst month memo outlines circumstances surrounding hiring error provides detailed justifications retroactive promotion time interview process position enron designated professional meteorologist fact recent similar hire prior date jose marquez also professional meteorologist hired based salary alignment criteria manager functionally men meteorologists enron job classification compounded urgency bringing additional professional expertise short time order difficult peg proper enron classification appropriate new position original uncertainty resulting misplacement stephen specialist category rather senior specialist category needs corrected time although new hire enron stephen bennett extensive work experience worked professional meteorologist weather services corporation boston weather channel atlanta came enron well referenced organizations needing training minimal supervision aboard houston stephen immediately demonstrated core enron values unique sense urgency week assumed responsibilities normally reserved someone actually even manager level assigned fully took critical afternoon weather briefings gas traders includes analysis report preparation well presentation also presentation arena regularly briefs various desks morning throughout day stephen master communication particularly adept conveying messengers might otherwise seem confusing ambiguous stephen also demonstrated unusually high level self initiative designed implemented maintains several sub sites research web page tailored various customers specific weather derivatives team agricultural team recently crude liquids team recently assigned stephen spearhead conversion major upgrade web page described accomplishments beyond stephen regular duties include starting work daily reliably without fail assemble prepare trader weather report recently advent extended hours nymex enrononline stephen voluntarily accord assists new sunday weather support effort supervisor fully cognizant already standard hour work week solicit readily accept beyond expectations assistance review circumstance resulted hire condition enron immediate need non standard fairly unique professional meteorologist coupled stephen desire work company spite absence hierarchy included exact entitled professional title reflecting chosen career path hired stephen clearly demonstrated contribution performance well deserving immediate retroactive promotion
"Subject: new retail electricity provider survey  as a result of recent deregulation in states such as pennsylvania and  california , many new companies are entering the retail energy market . today ,  consumers in several states are able to choose their energy provider in much  the same way they choose their long - distance phone company . a survey has  been commissioned by the research group to better understand which factors  are most important to consumers considering switching energy providers .  the survey consists of 28 question , and can be found on the following website :  if you , your spouse , or someone else in your family has time to take this  survey , we would appreciate your input .  feel free to forward this email to others . thanks for your time and  consideration .",0,new retail electricity provider survey result recent deregulation states pennsylvania california many new companies entering retail energy market today consumers several states able choose energy provider much way choose long distance phone company survey commissioned research group better understand factors important consumers considering switching energy providers survey consists question found following website spouse someone else family time take survey would appreciate input feel free forward email others thanks time consideration
"Subject: top - level logo and business identity  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy  several seconds for  your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors .  get your logo , business stationery or website done  riqht now !  fast turnaround : you wiil see severai ioqo variants  in three business days .  satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited  amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needs and fit your  business .  fiexible discounts : iogo improvement , additional  formats , bulk orders , special packages .  creative design for  competitive price : have a look at it right now !",1,top level logo business identity corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes oniy several seconds company remembered lost among competitors get logo business stationery website done riqht fast turnaround wiil see severai ioqo variants three business days satisfaction quaranteed provide unlimited amount changes sure wiil meet needs fit business fiexible discounts iogo improvement additional formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right
"Subject: re :  wicek ,  wyslalem ci nasza ksiazke razem z kilkoma pracami  matematyczno / finansowo / energetycznymi i dwa egzemplarze rynku terminowego ,  w ktorym od 2000 roku jest dzial poswiecony rynkowi energii ( jego  redaktorem jest alek ) . mam nadzieje , ze to cie zainteresuje .  ksiazka jest zainteresowany cambridge university press i w tej chwili jest  recenzowany draft angielskiej wersji ( mozesz do sciagnac ze strony :  http : / / www . im . pwr . wroc . pl / ~ rweron / gene . html ) . angielski jest jeszcze  slaby ( tlumaczyla moja studentka ) , ale da sie czytac . w ostatecznej wersji  planujemy pare zmian . jakbys mial czas to przegladnij ksiazke , wszelkie  uwagi bardzo mile widziane .  rafal",0,wicek wyslalem ci nasza ksiazke razem z kilkoma pracami matematyczno finansowo energetycznymi dwa egzemplarze rynku terminowego w ktorym od roku jest dzial poswiecony rynkowi energii jego redaktorem jest alek mam nadzieje ze cie zainteresuje ksiazka jest zainteresowany cambridge university press w tej chwili jest recenzowany draft angielskiej wersji mozesz sciagnac ze strony http www im pwr wroc pl rweron gene html angielski jest jeszcze slaby tlumaczyla moja studentka ale da sie czytac w ostatecznej wersji planujemy pare zmian jakbys mial czas przegladnij ksiazke wszelkie uwagi bardzo mile widziane rafal
Subject: please note that my email address has been changed to : jhanley @ riskwaters . com  please update your address books .  thanks .  joel .  direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9885  www . riskwaters . com  - attl . htm,0,please note email address changed jhanley riskwaters com please update address books thanks joel direct www riskwaters com attl htm
"Subject: email list - 100 million addresses $ 79  jane ,  here is the information you requested  your email address : webmaster @ efi . ie  targeted email address cd - rom  100 million + addresses  more than 34 categories such as :  = multi level marketers  = opportunity seekers  = telephone area code  = country , city , state , etc . .  = people running home businesses or interested in home businesses .  = travel & vacations  = opt - in  = people interested in investments  = people or businesses who spent more than $ 1000 on the web in thelast 2 months  and many more  * contains us & international emails  * everything on this disk is in text file format and fully exportable .  * the cd is as easy to use as browsing your c drive in explorer .  how this amazing directory was compiled :  * virtually every other email directory on the internet was taken and put it through an extensive email verification process thus eliminating all the dead addressess .  * special software spiders through the web searching websites , newsgroups and many other online databases with given keywords like area codes , industries , city names etc . . to find millions of fresh new addresses every week .  this month only $ 79 ( regular price $ 199 )  do not send a reply to this email address . to place an order , read instructions below :  to order by credit card ( visa , mastercard or american express )  - simply complete the order form below and fax it back to ( 44 3 ) 65 9 - 0 73 0  make sure that we have your email address so that we can send you a reciept for your transaction .  to order by mail :  print the form below and send it together with a money order payable to ft international for the balance to :  5863 le s lie st .  suite 408  t oronto , ont a rio  canada  or d e r f or m :  please print clearly  full name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  company name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  email address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ * required field  shipping address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state / province : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  shipping options : [ ] $ 5 regular mail ( 1 - 2 weeks ) [ ] $ 12 priority mail ( 2 - 4 business days ) [ ] $ 25 fedex ( overnight )  $ 79 . 00 usd + shipping charge $ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ us = total : $ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ usd  [ ] credit card order [ ] mail order  credit card orders fax this order form back to 1 - 44 3 - 6 59 - 07 3 0 )  card # : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  expiry date : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  type of card [ ] visa [ ] mastercard [ ] american express  name on card : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  billing address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ zip / postal : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state / province : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  cardholder signature : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  please note that ft i n t e rn a ti o n al will appear on your statement .  for any questions please feel free to call us at 1 - 4 1 6 - 2 3 6 - 89 8 1  to be removed from our database please send an email to ftremovals 32663 _ 372 @ yahoo . com",1,email list million addresses jane information requested email address webmaster efi ie targeted email address cd rom million addresses categories multi level marketers opportunity seekers telephone area code country city state etc people running home businesses interested home businesses travel vacations opt people interested investments people businesses spent web thelast months many contains us international emails everything disk text file format fully exportable cd easy use browsing c drive explorer amazing directory compiled virtually every email directory internet taken put extensive email verification process thus eliminating dead addressess special software spiders web searching websites newsgroups many online databases given keywords like area codes industries city names etc find millions fresh new addresses every week month regular price send reply email address place order read instructions order credit card visa mastercard american express simply complete order form fax back make sure email address send reciept transaction order mail print form send together money order payable ft international balance le lie st suite oronto ont rio canada e r f please print clearly full name company name email address required field shipping address city state province shipping options regular mail weeks priority mail business days fedex overnight usd shipping charge us total usd credit card order mail order credit card orders fax order form back card expiry date type card visa mastercard american express name card billing address zip postal city state province country cardholder signature please note ft n e rn ti n al appear statement questions please feel free call us removed database please send email ftremovals yahoo com
"Subject: re : chapter  dear vince ,  that ' s fine - i didn ' t know if yours had changed as grant ' s did - i have  your earlier part and that has already been type set .  best regards .  chris .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : "" vince j kaminski ""  to : "" chris strickland ""  cc : "" vince j kaminski ""  sent : tuesday , august 29 , 2000 5 : 18 am  subject : re : chapter  >  >  > chris ,  >  > my part has not changed for some time ( since early july ) .  >  > i sent the last vintage of corrections to you when i was in sydney .  > you can send the version you consider final to us just to double check .  >  > i took the liberty of sending our chapter to darrell duffie and he liked  it .  > what is more important he did not find any error .  >  >  > i shell send you my comments on the article for robin in a day or so .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" chris strickland "" on 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 55 : 31 pm  >  > please respond to "" chris strickland ""  >  > to : ,  > cc :  > subject : chapter  >  >  >  > hi vince ,  >  > how are things with you ? well i hope . do you have the latest version of  your  > part of chapter 3 ? ( i think grant has sent thru a seperate , updated  version to  > you , which has been typeset ) . everything else has been tied up and we  will go  > with the version we have , unless we hear otherwise .  >  > many thanks and best regards .  >  > chris .  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,chapter dear vince fine know changed grant earlier part already type set best regards chris original message vince j kaminski chris strickland cc vince j kaminski sent tuesday august subject chapter chris part changed time since early july sent last vintage corrections sydney send version consider final us double check took liberty sending chapter darrell duffie liked important find error shell send comments article robin day vince chris strickland pm please respond chris strickland cc subject chapter hi vince things well hope latest version part chapter think grant sent thru seperate updated version typeset everything else tied go version unless hear otherwise many thanks best regards chris
"Subject: may 9 / 10 , 2000 seminar  my name is guillermo c ? novas , and i am regulatory and government affairs  director for enron am , rica del sur ( argentina ) .  i understand you spoke in a seminar that took place on may 9 / 10 where it was  discussed : 1 ) effective power price modelling ; 2 ) applying a real option  approach for the valuation of power plants .  one consultant and researcher , who shares enron ' s belief in open markets and  competition ( and therefore is helping us to open argentine energy markets ) ,  asked me if we could send him a copy of the booklet or slides that you and  other speakers presented during the seminar .  if this is feasible , i would appreciate if you could send a copy of the  material to me at enron am , rica del sur , located at : av . eduardo madero 900 -  piso 17 ( 1106 ) - buenos aires - argentina  please , do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions or  require further information . i can be reached at the following number :  5411 - 4891 - 3600  sincerely ,  guillermo .",0,may seminar name guillermo c novas regulatory government affairs director enron rica del sur argentina understand spoke seminar took place may discussed effective power price modelling applying real option approach valuation power plants one consultant researcher shares enron belief open markets competition therefore helping us open argentine energy markets asked could send copy booklet slides speakers presented seminar feasible would appreciate could send copy material enron rica del sur located av eduardo madero piso buenos aires argentina please hesitate contact questions require information reached following number sincerely guillermo
"Subject: holidays are coming ?  help wanted . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , that is  growing at a tremendous rate . we are looking for individuals who  want to work from home .  this is an opportunity to make an excellent income . no experience  is required . we will train you .  so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has  vast opportunities , then go :  http : / / ter . netblah . com : 8080  we are looking for energetic and self motivated people . if that is you  than click on the link and fill out the form , and one of our  employment specialist will contact you .  to be removed from our link simple go to :  http : / / ter . netblah . com : 8080 / remove . html ",1,holidays coming help wanted year old fortune company growing tremendous rate looking individuals want work home opportunity make excellent income experience required train looking employed home career vast opportunities go http ter netblah com looking energetic self motivated people click link fill form one employment specialist contact removed link simple go http ter netblah com remove html
"Subject: unbiased info for investor intelligence  the oi | and gas advisory  now that oi | and gas has entered a long - term buil market ,  our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining  undervalued energy plays has produced soaring returns .  emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us "" oil belt ""  and in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating  potentia | of miilions per week .  breaking news ! ! !  emerson oil and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pieased to announce that the  aiberta energy & utiiity board has issued license no . 03302 o 6 for the  company ' s wel | 11 - 16 - 24 - 2 the acadia project .  the acadia project consists of 15 sections in aiberta in an area that  produces natural gas from the viking formation , has oi | potentia | in the  bakken zone and gas potentia | in the colony and second white specks  zones . the viking contains natura | gas in weils around the acadia project  and has the potential for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the leases .  gas weils in the area have calcuiated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day .  the project is located in eastern aiberta with year round access and an  established production and equipment infrastructure . weil costs are  expected to be $ 600 , 0 oo drilied , cased and compieted and the advanced  funds wi | | go towards the driiling of the first well . each well on a lease  earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section .  emerson oil and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pieased to announce that the land  lease has been surveyed and acquired regarding the acadia project .  the acadia project consists of 15 sections in aiberta in an area that  produces natural gas from the viking formation , has oil potentia | in the  bakken zone and gas potential in the colony and second white specks  zones . the viking contains natura | gas in welis around the acadia project  and has the potentia | for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the leases .  gas welis in the area have caicuiated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day .  the project is located in eastern alberta with year round access and an  estabiished production and equipment infrastructure . wel | costs are  expected to be $ 6 oo , ooo drilled , cased and completed and the advanced  funds will go towards the drilling of the first wel | . each wel | on a | ease  earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section .  symbo | - eogi  price - . 026  the value of eogi ' s shares will skyrocket :  1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest buil  market in a generation .  2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the | ast two years .  3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on  reserves worth multi - miliions , eogi is seiling for less than 1 / 4 the  vaiue of its assets .  4 . emerson oi | and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn  unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . already  shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overa | | market .  in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the  past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and  developers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in  the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie  returns .  our subscribers need to pay particularly close attention to undervalued  eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this smail company  with a comparably sma | | market vaiue , is sitting on a bonanza of oil  and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with  the daily jump in energy prices .  but ail that wiil change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move  into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to  capture the attention of the market , and have an equa | | y explosive effect on  the share price .  what wil | the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson  oi | and gas ' shares ? weil we do know this - the great thing about  investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in  the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or deciine  slightly , you wil | stil | make a very healthy return . of course , energy  prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year  or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings  wil | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wil | be  staggering .  overa | | , we consider eogi to be one of the last outstanding energy  piays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been realized ,  eogi shares wiil surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have  identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oi | and  gas reserves are we | | established and are going into massive  production . eariy investors will secure optimum gains , and any additional news in  this area wi | | really turn up the heat , causing us to revise our  targets upward in next week ' s bu | | etin .  oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain  statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking statements within  the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 .  such terms as expect , believe , may , wiil , and intend or similar terms may  identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of  future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or se | | securities . oga is  an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a  third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this  company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance  from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided in  this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additiona |  information on the profiled company to allow the investor to form their own  opinion regarding investment .  if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been  wrongfully piaced in our membership , please send a biank e mai | with no  thanks in the subject to daily _ 9 tip @ yahoo . com",1,unbiased info investor intelligence oi gas advisory oi gas entered long term buil market speciaity pinpointing hottest companies remaining undervalued energy plays produced soaring returns emerson oil gas eogi energy deveioper us oil belt canada highiy coveted reservoirs generating potentia miilions per week breaking news emerson oil gas inc eogi pieased announce aiberta energy utiiity board issued license company wel acadia project acadia project consists sections aiberta area produces natural gas viking formation oi potentia bakken zone gas potentia colony second white specks zones viking contains natura gas weils around acadia project potential bcf gas reservoir leases gas weils area calcuiated aof rates mmcf per day project located eastern aiberta year round access established production equipment infrastructure weil costs expected oo drilied cased compieted advanced funds wi go towards driiling first well well lease earns emerson working interest one section emerson oil gas inc eogi pieased announce land lease surveyed acquired regarding acadia project acadia project consists sections aiberta area produces natural gas viking formation oil potentia bakken zone gas potential colony second white specks zones viking contains natura gas welis around acadia project potentia bcf gas reservoir leases gas welis area caicuiated aof rates mmcf per day project located eastern alberta year round access estabiished production equipment infrastructure wel costs expected oo ooo drilled cased completed advanced funds go towards drilling first wel wel ease earns emerson working interest one section symbo eogi price value eogi shares skyrocket price charts confirm oil prices experiencing strongest buil market generation natural gas prices tripied ast two years multipie projects high gear expanding production reserves worth multi miliions eogi seiling less vaiue assets emerson oi gas specializes using new technoiogy turn unproductive oi gas deposits profitabie enterprises already shares oi gas sector rising faster overa market fact four dow jones ten top performing industry sectors past year energy reiated mid sized expiorers developers ike emerson eogi biggest gains made last months many stocks made triple even quadrupie returns subscribers need pay particularly close attention undervalued eogi shares bargain ong smail company comparably sma market vaiue sitting bonanza oil gas reserves unrecognized bonus investors especialiy daily jump energy prices ail wiil change short weeks reserves move production bringing expiosion cash expected capture attention market equa explosive effect share price wil cash flow projects price emerson oi gas shares weil know great thing investing eogi gains depend increases price oi gas even energy prices stay fiat deciine slightly wil stil make healthy return course energy prices expected continue meteoric rise next year predicted meaning vaiue eogi assets earnings wil soar even higher case reward investors wil staggering overa consider eogi one last outstanding energy piays oil gas sector discovery realized eogi shares wiil surge sharpiy heavy investor attention identified discovery immediate accumuiation eogi oi gas reserves established going massive production eariy investors secure optimum gains additional news area wi really turn heat causing us revise targets upward next week bu etin oi gas advisory oga investment expert certain statements contained newsietter may future ooking statements within meaning private securities litigation reform act terms expect believe may wiil intend similar terms may identify statements past performance indicator future resuits expert acquire se securities oga independent pubiication paid fifteen thousand dollars third party continuing coverage dissemination company information investors suggested seek proper guidance financial expert investors use information provided newsletter starting point gathering additiona information profiled company allow investor form opinion regarding investment wish stop future maiiings feel wrongfully piaced membership please send biank e mai thanks subject daily tip yahoo com
"Subject: agenda for houston visit  dear vince and mike ,  to maximize my time in houston an agenda needs to be agreed upon as well as  milestones .  here is a summary of what i have in mind :  * mesoscale weather analysis and forecasting  * computer models vs . human forecasters , performance issues  * nwp modeling  - types of numerical weather predictio models ( nwp models )  - objective analysis and initialization  - data iisues and feeds  - ( physical ) processes that determine the quality of a forecast  * predictibility and verification  * visualisation of weather and climate forecasts  * installation of  - short - to - medium term forecast system  - seasonal forecast system  - system testing and verification  * issues  - data feeds  - platform considerations  - realtime performance  what we need to agree on is a firm agenda , milestones , resources , etc . . . . and  a time table . . . .  my contact details are :  office :  + 61 2 9229 2319 ( direct )  cell :  + 61 417 695 212  home :  + 61 2 9871 7369  regards ,  christian",0,agenda houston visit dear vince mike maximize time houston agenda needs agreed upon well milestones summary mind mesoscale weather analysis forecasting computer models vs human forecasters performance issues nwp modeling types numerical weather predictio models nwp models objective analysis initialization data iisues feeds physical processes determine quality forecast predictibility verification visualisation weather climate forecasts installation short medium term forecast system seasonal forecast system system testing verification issues data feeds platform considerations realtime performance need agree firm agenda milestones resources etc time table contact details office direct cell home regards christian
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ali iisted software is avaiiabie for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few examples :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquage !  best regards ,  margarette ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions german french spanish uk many others ali iisted software avaiiabie immediate download need wait week cd delivery examples norton lnternet security pro windows xp professionai sp fuli version corel draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciudinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native lanquage best regards margarette
"Subject: re : estimating tail of distribution and additional risk measures  naveen ,  the "" analytical var "" approach is working for equity portfolio .  it gives us the tool to examine the tails ' behavior for this portfolio and  calculate "" expected tail loss "" .  the same should be done for commodities portfolio as well .  meanwhile , as we discussed , we can give some rough estimates of the losses  corresponding to percentiles other than 5 th .  look at the figure below . you can see var numbers for 5 % , 1 % , 0 . 5 % and 0 . 1 %  calculated with  1 ) simulations ( 100 thousand simulations ) ;  2 ) analytical var ( gamma - delta positions representation )  1 ) and 2 ) are very close because there are not many options in equity  portfolio .  3 ) simulations ( 1000 simulations ) to calculate 5 % var . then in order to  approximately estimate var for 1 % , 0 . 5 % and 0 . 1 %  i scaled 5 % var with factors corresponding to normal distribution ( for  example : norminv ( 0 . 001 , 0 , 1 ) / norminv ( 0 . 05 , 0 , 1 ) for 0 . 1 % ) .  the result of such extrapolation in this case is quite good ( just 5 %  different from the correct number ) .  we probably can use such rough estimates of tail for commodities portfolio  until we have proper methods implemented .  tanya tamarchenko  02 / 28 / 2001 01 : 17 pm  to : wenyao jia / hou / ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : "" analytical "" var implementation in risktrac  debbie ,  i am forwarding to you a 2 page document describing implementation of  "" analytical "" var in risktrac .  here is why this effort is very important :  1 . we need to calculate var for other percentile but 5 ( 1 % or even 0 . 2 % as  mentioned by rick buy )  and our simulation model can not handle required number of simulations ;  2 . we need to present additional risk measures ( such as mean tail loss ) to  the board .  the analytical approach is implemented in a spreadsheet and fully tested  already so there will be no problems  with the algorithm itself .  we need to get together and discuss it implementation .  what do you think ?  tanya",0,estimating tail distribution additional risk measures naveen analytical var approach working equity portfolio gives us tool examine tails behavior portfolio calculate expected tail loss done commodities portfolio well meanwhile discussed give rough estimates losses corresponding percentiles th look figure see var numbers calculated simulations thousand simulations analytical var gamma delta positions representation close many options equity portfolio simulations simulations calculate var order approximately estimate var scaled var factors corresponding normal distribution example norminv norminv result extrapolation case quite good different correct number probably use rough estimates tail commodities portfolio proper methods implemented tanya tamarchenko pm wenyao jia hou ect debbie r brackett hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject analytical var implementation risktrac debbie forwarding page document describing implementation analytical var risktrac effort important need calculate var percentile even mentioned rick buy simulation model handle required number simulations need present additional risk measures mean tail loss board analytical approach implemented spreadsheet fully tested already problems algorithm need get together discuss implementation think tanya
"Subject: re : fw : citi , wells , enron , sl and i 2 form a b 2 b venture  wicke ,  thanks for a prompt reply . i am not planning any particular trip to houston  yet . for the time being , i am about to leave for london , and then poland . i  will most likely be at the olympics in sydney in late september , and in ny  in early october . mid - october could be the first realistic opportunity to  visit with enron , although i am looking forward to seeing you sooner in palo  alto . i am simply curious whether and how we could leverage together core  competencies and connectivity that both our companies seem to have or are  developing .  i am senior vice president for visa usa , responsible for strategy and  planning . i would probably bring with me ( though i haven ' t discuss it yet )  people in charge of our network or / and our coo .  best ,  andrzej  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , august 18 , 2000 6 : 24 am  to : lubowski , andrzej  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : fw : citi , wells , enron , sl and i 2 form a b 2 b venture  andrzej ,  thanks . please , send me the information about the dates  when you plan to visit houston . also , the information about  your position / title / responsibilities ( as well as the info  about the other members of your team ) would be useful .  i shall be in the bay area between the 10 th and the 20 th of october .  hope to see your then .  wicek",0,fw citi wells enron sl form b b venture wicke thanks prompt reply planning particular trip houston yet time leave london poland likely olympics sydney late september ny early october mid october could first realistic opportunity visit enron although looking forward seeing sooner palo alto simply curious whether could leverage together core competencies connectivity companies seem developing senior vice president visa usa responsible strategy planning would probably bring though discuss yet people charge network coo best andrzej original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent friday august lubowski andrzej cc vince j kaminski enron com subject fw citi wells enron sl form b b venture andrzej thanks please send information dates plan visit houston also information position title responsibilities well info members team would useful shall bay area th th october hope see wicek
"Subject: site update tue , 05 jul 2005 .  subject : site update tue , 05 jul 2005 .  thank you for using our online store and for your previous order . we have updated our online software store ! ? now we have more latest version of programs . our  full catalog with 2100 freshest software titles available for instant download at  web - site http : / / meyers . tabloidez . com /  we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us .  with best wishes ,  managing director . . ceo  avery salinas  latest news :  increase in guerrilla attacks tests colombia ' s popular president  read more of the web ' s best original reporting  http : / / msnbc . msn . com / id / 3098358 /  for the poor in iran , voting was about making ends meet  stronger - than - expected data lift stocks ",1,site update tue jul subject site update tue jul thank using online store previous order updated online software store latest version programs full catalog freshest software titles available instant download web site http meyers tabloidez com hope tell others positive experience us best wishes managing director ceo avery salinas latest news increase guerrilla attacks tests colombia popular president read web best original reporting http msnbc msn com id poor iran voting making ends meet stronger expected data lift stocks
"Subject: telephone interview with the houston research group  good morning quentin :  vince kaminski and the research group would like to conduct a telephone  interview with you sometime next week . considering the time difference  between  houston and australia , it probably makes sense to try and schedule it very  early in the morning your time , say 7 : 00 am ? it would be 5 : 00 pm here in  houston .  how does next wednesday or thursday , ( 8 / 16 or 8 / 17 ) at 7 : 00 am your time  sound ?  also , please let me know if you want to be reached at home or work .  thanks quentin and have a great day !  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,telephone interview houston research group good morning quentin vince kaminski research group would like conduct telephone interview sometime next week considering time difference houston australia probably makes sense try schedule early morning time say would pm houston next wednesday thursday time sound also please let know want reached home work thanks quentin great day shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: re : var meetings in houston  shirley ,  do you think we can get another room with better speaker phone ?  or , may be we can get better speaker phone ?  tanya  viacheslav danilov  04 / 19 / 2001 12 : 58 pm  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stig faltinsen / eu / enron @ enron , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : var meetings in houston  hi tanya ,  in my view it is very good if stig and kirstee are involved in your var  meetings . therefore , i think it is very useful for them to call houston .  could we get a little bit better equipment to allow them to hear everything  well ?  many thanks ,  slava  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by viacheslav danilov / lon / ect on 19 / 04 / 2001  12 : 55 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stig faltinsen @ enron  19 / 04 / 2001 16 : 23  to : viacheslav danilov / lon / ect @ ect  cc : kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : var meetings in houston  hi slava ,  kirstee and i find it useful to listen in on the var meetings in houston on  wednesdays .  however , it is very difficult to follow the discussion due to a practical  problem : we hear little or nothing at times .  a possible solution to this problem might be to ask whether one could install  a "" spider phone "" in the var meeting room .  what i mean is a phone similar to the one in the rac morning meetings which  have several remote speakers going out  from the main phone ( do you understand what i mean ? ) . if this is done , we  would hear everyone around the table ,  not just those seated close to the phone .  what is you opinion on  a . us in london calling in to these meetings  b . getting some better equipment which would make it easier to follow the  conversation ( "" spider phone "" or bigger speaker . . )  please let me know what your thoughts are ,  best regards ,  stig",0,var meetings houston shirley think get another room better speaker phone may get better speaker phone tanya viacheslav danilov pm tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc stig faltinsen eu enron enron kirstee hewitt lon ect ect subject var meetings houston hi tanya view good stig kirstee involved var meetings therefore think useful call houston could get little bit better equipment allow hear everything well many thanks slava forwarded viacheslav danilov lon ect stig faltinsen enron viacheslav danilov lon ect ect cc kirstee hewitt lon ect ect subject var meetings houston hi slava kirstee find useful listen var meetings houston wednesdays however difficult follow discussion due practical problem hear little nothing times possible solution problem might ask whether one could install spider phone var meeting room mean phone similar one rac morning meetings several remote speakers going main phone understand mean done would hear everyone around table seated close phone opinion us london calling meetings b getting better equipment would make easier follow conversation spider phone bigger speaker please let know thoughts best regards stig
"Subject: re : summer internship  jinbaek ,  this is fine though you are welcome to spend more  time with us this summer .  vince  jinbaek kim on 03 / 04 / 2001 03 : 45 : 40 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : summer internship  dr . kaminski ,  thanks for your answer .  before i tell you the time frame ,  i ' ll need to talk with my advisor , first .  because here is an on - going - project .  i need to coordinate the schedule .  i ' ll appreciate it if you understand my situation ,  and give me some time ( less than a week , of course ) .  for your reference ,  probably  the dates i ' d like to ask you will be  from mid - may to mid - july ( 2 months )  warm regards ,  jinbaek  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' "" ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > jinbaek ,  >  > you can coordinate the details with me .  > let me know what the time frame is for you  > and we shall send you an appropriate offer .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : summer internship  >  >  > dr . kaminski ,  >  > thank you very much .  > of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity  > to work at such a wonderful company .  > i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team ,  > and was going to express my appreciation to you again  > after settling down process with them .  >  > for the period of working ,  > i still need to coordinate with my advisor and  > may need to adjust according to that .  > but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly .  >  > please let me know whether i should keep contacting  > with deal bench team ,  > for working period and  > for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc .  >  > i appreciate you so much again ,  > for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity .  > all this opportunity will not be available to me ,  > without your kind help .  >  > warm regards ,  > jinbaek  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > jinbaek kim  > ph . d candidate  > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > u . c . berkeley  > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  >  > go bears !  >  > : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > ` . ' "" ' ;  > ` . ' ;  > ` . ` : ` ;  > . ` . ; ; : ;  > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  >  >  > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > > hello ,  > >  > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  > > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship .  > >  > > please , let me know if you are interested .  > >  > > vince kaminski  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,summer internship jinbaek fine though welcome spend time us summer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thanks answer tell time frame need talk advisor first going project need coordinate schedule appreciate understand situation give time less week course reference probably dates like ask mid may mid july months warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote jinbaek coordinate details let know time frame shall send appropriate offer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thank much course happy opportunity work wonderful company contacting surech raghavan deal bench team going express appreciation settling process period working still need coordinate advisor may need adjust according anyway try coordinate smoothly please let know whether keep contacting deal bench team working period misc living support finding place rent car etc appreciate much arranging meetings giving opportunity opportunity available without kind help warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote hello sorry delay getting back would like much offer summer internship please let know interested vince kaminski
"Subject: ps on the new xmim tool for excel  when you install this , you need to change the xmim server from "" xmimhost "" to  "" limbo "" ( port is still 0 )",0,ps new xmim tool excel install need change xmim server xmimhost limbo port still
"Subject: re : corporate card  yes tony ,  mike authorized you for a corp . card , however that ' s  something your asst . can do in london for you .  if you need further asst . please inform . . . . . . .  kevin moore  tony hamilton @ enron  04 / 30 / 2001 07 : 28 am  to : mike . a . roberts @ enron . com , tani . nath @ enron . com , kevin . g . moore @ enron . com  cc :  subject : corporate card  is it possible for me to get a corporate card , and if so , who do i need to  contact regarding this ?  thanks  tony",0,corporate card yes tony mike authorized corp card however something asst london need asst please inform kevin moore tony hamilton enron mike roberts enron com tani nath enron com kevin g moore enron com cc subject corporate card possible get corporate card need contact regarding thanks tony
"Subject: more then 70 great pornstars sex movles ! dowlnoad all our collection ! - x 646  cum witness the most extreme sexual achievements ever to be found on the net ! we have tons of exclusive never before seen pics and videos of your fav pornstars doing exactly what you dream to see !  do you think you have what it takes to beat one of our records ? we welcome all member entries , cum see if you have what it takes to earn a spot in our record library !  http : / / uxm 5 . info . lediesnight . biz /  - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  checkbook dahomey canaveral belgrade  affiliate carven armillaria baneberry  brown brasilia collier demarcate",1,great pornstars sex movles dowlnoad collection x cum witness extreme sexual achievements ever found net tons exclusive never seen pics videos fav pornstars exactly dream see think takes beat one records welcome member entries cum see takes earn spot record library http uxm info lediesnight biz checkbook dahomey canaveral belgrade affiliate carven armillaria baneberry brown brasilia collier demarcate
"Subject: clear benefits of creative design  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstandlng website  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a loqo your  company wili automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isquite ciear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,clear benefits creative design lt really hard recollect company market full sugqestions information isoverwheiminq good catchy logo styllsh stationery outstandlng website wili make task much easier promise ordered loqo company wili automaticaiiy become world ieader isquite ciear without good products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: earthsat summer seminar  fyi  - - - mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 07 / 26 / 2000  05 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  todd decook  07 / 25 / 2000 01 : 07 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : earthsat summer seminar  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the earthsat summer seminar can be downloaded from the following site . . .  ?  ?  just click on the above link to download the file , or copy the link and  paste it for the url address in the browser of your choice .  ?  if you have any questions or problems downloading this file , please contact  me ( scott gay ) or dave birmingham at ( 301 ) 231 - 0664 .  ?  - scott  - - -  scott gay ( sgay @ earthsat . com )  staff meteorologist / computer support  cropcast services  earth satellite corporation  phone : ( 301 ) 231 - 0664  fax : ? ? ? ? ( 301 ) 231 - 5246  ?  ?  - imageo 01 . gif",0,earthsat summer seminar fyi mike forwarded mike roberts hou ect todd decook pm mike roberts hou ect ect jose marquez corp enron enron cc subject earthsat summer seminar earthsat summer seminar downloaded following site click link download file copy link paste url address browser choice questions problems downloading file please contact scott gay dave birmingham scott scott gay sgay earthsat com staff meteorologist computer support cropcast services earth satellite corporation phone fax imageo gif
Subject: iv kirstee hewitt fifth floor se 5005  intervew schedule  17 . 30 - 18 . 00 vince kaminski & anjam ahmad  18 . 00 - 18 . 30 ben parsons  18 . 30 - 19 . 00 stephen leppard,0,iv kirstee hewitt fifth floor se intervew schedule vince kaminski anjam ahmad ben parsons stephen leppard
"Subject: weather person for london egm  folks :  we interviewed three candidates . one of the three ( tony hamilton ) seems to  be a very good fit within the enron culture and values .  recommended next steps  vince , mike and jeff interview tony via video conference or avistar  tony hamilton key strengths  quick thinker  good teams skills  driven - will be able to get the project off the ground quickly  has a commercial attitude  sees "" the big picture ""  tony hamilton is available for follow up interviews the first week of january .  thanks  jen",0,weather person london egm folks interviewed three candidates one three tony hamilton seems good fit within enron culture values recommended next steps vince mike jeff interview tony via video conference avistar tony hamilton key strengths quick thinker good teams skills driven able get project ground quickly commercial attitude sees big picture tony hamilton available follow interviews first week january thanks jen
"Subject: enron mid - year 2000 performance management process  enron ' s mid - year 2000 performance management process has begun . during this  process , you will be required to select suggested reviewers who can provide  performance related feedback on you and you may also be requested to provide  feedback on fellow employees . you will need to do this by accessing the  performance management system ( pep ) at http : / / pep . enron . com .  any questions should be directed to the pep help desk at the following  numbers :  in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only )  or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com  to log on to pep , enter your user id and password provided below .  once you have logged on , you will be immediately prompted to change to a  secure password .  your user id & password are :  user id : wkamins 2910  password : welcome",0,enron mid year performance management process enron mid year performance management process begun process required select suggested reviewers provide performance related feedback may also requested provide feedback fellow employees need accessing performance management system pep http pep enron com questions directed pep help desk following numbers u option europe option canada canada employees e mail questions perfmgmt enron com log pep enter user id password provided logged immediately prompted change secure password user id password user id wkamins password welcome
"Subject: larry thorpe  hi vince ,  been meaning to ask for your input about larry thorpe ' s proprietary model for  electricity returns . i have not been able to get much information about the  parameters as larry says the nature is proprietary . it is hard to make a  judgement about its usefulness without such information .  larry ' s e - mails to me indicate that he is working on npl 5 real time prices  and he promises to share the results with us . please advise on direction to  take as i am not quite sure about the model without further information .  separately , larry indicated that you had promised him some data and would  like to know if you have forwarded it to him . i can convey your position to  him .  thanks .",0,larry thorpe hi vince meaning ask input larry thorpe proprietary model electricity returns able get much information parameters larry says nature proprietary hard make judgement usefulness without information larry e mails indicate working npl real time prices promises share results us please advise direction take quite sure model without information separately larry indicated promised data would like know forwarded convey position thanks
"Subject: re : visit to houston and vince kaminski ' s research group  shijie :  i spoke with vince and he said friday the 28 th of july would be fine for  your visit to enron .  please let me know your itinerary when you have it confirmed . there  are two hotels downtown houston , the doubletree and the hyatt regency  that are very close to the enron bldg .  if you need help with anything , please let me know .  look forward to having you at enron .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  shijie deng on 06 / 30 / 2000 10 : 15 : 43 am  to : shirley crenshaw  cc :  subject : re : visit to houston and vince kaminski ' s research group  shirley ,  thank you for your message . i ' m fine with 7 / 28 ( friday ) . i could fly in  to houston early evening on 7 / 27 . please let me know after you confirm  the date with vince . thanks !  shijie  shi - jie deng  assistant professor  school of isye  georgia institute of technology  office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519  e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng  on fri , 30 jun 2000 , shirley crenshaw wrote :  >  >  > good morning professor deng :  >  > i am vince kaminski ' s assistant and he has asked me to coordinate your  > visit to enron . the last week in july would be best for vince and his  group .  > especially the 24 th , 26 th , 27 th , or 28 th . tuesday , the 25 th is already  filling  > up . please let me know which day would work for you .  >  > best regards ,  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron corp . research group  > 713 / 853 - 5290  > email : shirley . crenshaw . com  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,visit houston vince kaminski research group shijie spoke vince said friday th july would fine visit enron please let know itinerary confirmed two hotels downtown houston doubletree hyatt regency close enron bldg need help anything please let know look forward enron regards shirley crenshaw shijie deng shirley crenshaw cc subject visit houston vince kaminski research group shirley thank message fine friday could fly houston early evening please let know confirm date vince thanks shijie shi jie deng assistant professor school isye georgia institute technology office phone e mail deng isye gatech edu home page http www isye gatech edu deng fri jun shirley crenshaw wrote good morning professor deng vince kaminski assistant asked coordinate visit enron last week july would best vince group especially th th th th tuesday th already filling please let know day would work best regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research group email shirley crenshaw com
"Subject: re : james "" brad "" aimone  shirley ,  please , send a message to norma to  finalize it .  vince  shirley crenshaw  12 / 14 / 2000 10 : 32 am  to : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : james "" brad "" aimone  hi norma :  fyi in case you do not know , today ( 12 / 14 / 00 ) is brad aimone ' s last day  with enron . i don ' t know what else i need to do as he was not a full time  employee .  thanks !  shirley",0,james brad aimone shirley please send message norma finalize vince shirley crenshaw norma villarreal hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject james brad aimone hi norma fyi case know today brad aimone last day enron know else need full time employee thanks shirley
"Subject: learn the secrets of investing in real estate today !  your  friend and personal mentor , lou vukas  you are  receiving this email because you requested to receive info and updates via  email .  to unsubscribe , reply to this email with "" unsubscribe "" in the subject or  simply click on the following link : unsubscribe ",1,learn secrets investing real estate today friend personal mentor lou vukas receiving email requested receive info updates via email unsubscribe reply email unsubscribe subject simply click following link unsubscribe
Subject: free $ $ $ for business or personal cwfqt  start a business or fund your child ' s college without debt .  get the money you need and never have to pay it back .  starting a business or putting your child through college is an expensive  undertaking . that ' s where we can help . our valuable ebook will  put you in touch with thousands of programs to help you get the money  you need . that ' s right free grant & scholarship money .  don ' t let someone else get your share !  reg . price $ 34 . 95 order by july 31 and save $ 10 . 00 .  tour our secure website for more details :  you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission  to receive third party online promotions . to be eliminated from future marketing :  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ,1,free business personal cwfqt start business fund child college without debt get money need never pay back starting business putting child college expensive undertaking help valuable ebook put touch thousands programs help get money need right free grant scholarship money let someone else get share reg price order july save tour secure website details receiving special offer provided permission receive third party online promotions eliminated future marketing sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
Subject: some of the largest membership sites for free  get porn for free  free password to :  18 asian  huge tits xxx  free amateur hotties  free teen hotties  free and kinky  free farm sluts  free n ' famous  adults only  diligent ,1,largest membership sites free get porn free free password asian huge tits xxx free amateur hotties free teen hotties free kinky free farm sluts free n famous adults diligent
"Subject: re : 2001 headcount information  dawn :  i am resending this - i forgot the staffing summary by location .  sorry !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000  03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  dawn derr @ enron  07 / 07 / 2000 10 : 45 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 2001 headcount information  shirley ,  get it to me as soon as you can . thanks .  dawn  shirley crenshaw @ ect  07 / 07 / 2000 09 : 11 am  to : dawn derr / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : 2001 headcount information  dawn :  i apologize , i have not been able to pin vince down . however , he did take  it with him this morning ( he will be in prc meetings all day . ) and i told him \  you needed it yesterday .  i hope it is not too late . let me know .  thanks  shirley  dawn derr @ enron  07 / 05 / 2000 04 : 09 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : 2001 headcount information  shirley ,  i need the headcount information for vince ' s group no later than thursday ,  july 6 . let me know if this is a problem .  dawn",0,headcount information dawn resending forgot staffing summary location sorry forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm dawn derr enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject headcount information shirley get soon thanks dawn shirley crenshaw ect dawn derr corp enron enron cc subject headcount information dawn apologize able pin vince however take morning prc meetings day told needed yesterday hope late let know thanks shirley dawn derr enron pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject headcount information shirley need headcount information vince group later thursday july let know problem dawn
"Subject: budget  hi dale  following discussions with vince , grant and stinson , we ' ve drawn up the  proposed budget . we ' re working on the basis that research group headcount  will grow to 8 in the near future .  business trips us : 8  business trips europe : 10  computer software and licences : gbp 10 , 000  office postage : gbp 350  employee recruitment fees : gbp 30 , 000 ( = 3 x 20 % x gbp 50 , 000 )  professional subscriptions and memberships and books : gbp 15 , 000  training courses : gbp 16 , 000 ( = 8 x gbp 2 , 000 )  conferences : gbp 8 , 000 ( = 4 x gbp 2 , 000 )  mobile phones : gbp 1 , 500 ( = 3 x gbp 500 = me + 2 floaters )  hardware : gbp 10 , 000 ( = laptops , workstations )  suggested allocation as follows . . .  rac 20 %  uk power 20 %  uk gas 5 %  continental power 20 %  continental gas 5 %  global products 10 %  ebs 10 %  ees 10 %  . . . unless you ' ve got any other views on this one ( i ' m happy to take advice  here ) .  vince has said you can give him a call if you want to discuss any of these  points further , but i ' m happy to field initial queries ( i ' ll have to get used  to it ! ) .  cheers ,  steve",0,budget hi dale following discussions vince grant stinson drawn proposed budget working basis research group headcount grow near future business trips us business trips europe computer software licences gbp office postage gbp employee recruitment fees gbp x x gbp professional subscriptions memberships books gbp training courses gbp x gbp conferences gbp x gbp mobile phones gbp x gbp floaters hardware gbp laptops workstations suggested allocation follows rac uk power uk gas continental power continental gas global products ebs ees unless got views one happy take advice vince said give call want discuss points happy field initial queries get used cheers steve
Subject: mail receipt  thank you for your mail regarding our site . we will reply as soon as possible . in the meantime please continue to enjoy our site .  tight lines  bray sea anglers .,1,mail receipt thank mail regarding site reply soon possible meantime please continue enjoy site tight lines bray sea anglers
"Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding webslte  wiii make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your  company wiil automaticaily become a worid leader : it isguite clear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,logo stationer website design much lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwhelminq good catchy logo styllsh stationery outstanding webslte wiii make task much easier promise ordered iogo company wiil automaticaily become worid leader isguite clear without good products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: trip to houston  here is some information on one of the students invited to enron next week by  tom gros .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000  05 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" juan - carlos o . ferrer "" on 02 / 10 / 2000 04 : 17 : 17 pm  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc :  subject : trip to houston  hi stinson , i am juan - carlos ferrer , also ph . d . student working with gabriel  bitran and going to houston with amit and paulo on the 16 th . paulo told me  that you are interested in some information of us before going to houston .  well , i am form chile , married , and father of two girls ( 3 and 2 ) . i  graduated from the engineering school at the catholic university of chile in  1995 having followed the track in computer science during the last 3 years of  school . then , late in 1995 , i was hired by the industrial engineering  department as a full - time assistant professor of management science , where i  was teaching and doing research until june 1997 . in august 1997 i came to  boston to join the operations management group in the sloan school of  management here at mit . i already finished courses and qualifiers  requirements of my program , so now i am trying to come up with an interesting  research topic to develop my ph . d . thesis .  i have been dealing with some interesting topics during the last months but  since enron appears as an opportunity to find a more challenging and  appealing problem to me i decided to explore it . my intention in going to  visit enron is to have a better understanding of the bandwidth business in  order to define a problem to work with . i would really like to do a thesis  that involves internet issues and yield management models , in the line of  amit ' s work .  any other information or question you need , please feel free to contact me .  looking forward to meeting you on the 16 th .  juan carlos ferrer  ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? juan - carlos o . ferrer  ? ? ? ph . d . student , operations management  ? ? ? ? sloan school of management - m . i . t .  ? ? ? ? of : ( 617 ) 253 - 3597 fax : ( 617 ) 258 - 7579  ? ? ? ? ? ? http : / / web . mit . edu / jferrer / www /  ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -",0,trip houston information one students invited enron next week tom gros stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm juan carlos ferrer pm stinson gibner enron com cc subject trip houston hi stinson juan carlos ferrer also ph student working gabriel bitran going houston amit paulo th paulo told interested information us going houston well form chile married father two girls graduated engineering school catholic university chile followed track computer science last years school late hired industrial engineering department full time assistant professor management science teaching research june august came boston join operations management group sloan school management mit already finished courses qualifiers requirements program trying come interesting research topic develop ph thesis dealing interesting topics last months since enron appears opportunity find challenging appealing problem decided explore intention going visit enron better understanding bandwidth business order define problem work would really like thesis involves internet issues yield management models line amit work information question need please feel free contact looking forward meeting th juan carlos ferrer juan carlos ferrer ph student operations management sloan school management fax http web mit edu jferrer www
"Subject: re : matthew williams  i ' m entirely ok with this . . . .  matt  sophie kingsley 11 / 10 / 2000 19 : 04  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , tani  nath / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , lucy page / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : matthew williams  let ' s agree the switch happens november lst and we will change sap to reflect  specialist status and matthew will be send a letter .  matt , can you just send me a note confirming you are ok with this and cc .  karen tamlyn who will make the change .  regards  sk  dale surbey  11 / 10 / 2000 18 : 21  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect , tani  nath / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : matthew williams  i agree - sounds like a good idea .  - dale  steven leppard  11 / 10 / 2000 18 : 05  to : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect  cc : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d  williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : matthew williams  all  following discussions between matt , vince kaminski , and me , matt has decided  he ' d like to make a longer - term commitment to research . with this in mind  we ' d like to request that matt is switched from a & a to the specialist track .  vince and i feel this is clearly in the best interests of enron given matt ' s  proven strengths in quant analysis .  how do we proceed ?  all the best ,  steve",0,matthew williams entirely ok matt sophie kingsley dale surbey lon ect ect cc steven leppard lon ect ect melanie doyle lon ect ect tani nath lon ect ect matthew williams lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect lucy page lon ect ect subject matthew williams let agree switch happens november lst change sap reflect specialist status matthew send letter matt send note confirming ok cc karen tamlyn make change regards sk dale surbey steven leppard lon ect ect cc melanie doyle lon ect ect sophie kingsley lon ect ect tani nath lon ect ect matthew williams lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject matthew williams agree sounds like good idea dale steven leppard melanie doyle lon ect ect sophie kingsley lon ect ect cc tani nath lon ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect matthew williams lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject matthew williams following discussions matt vince kaminski matt decided like make longer term commitment research mind like request matt switched specialist track vince feel clearly best interests enron given matt proven strengths quant analysis proceed best steve
"Subject: evaluation form  mike ,  please , sign and return to me .  vince",0,evaluation form mike please sign return vince
"Subject: bachelier finance society congress , crete 2002  dear dr kaminsky ,  on behalf of the scientific committee of the 2 nd world congress of the  bachelier finance society , it is my pleasure to invite you to give one of  the plenary lectures .  the bachelier finance society came into being in 1996 by the initiative of  mathematical finance researchers who found the need to create an  organization where academia and practitioners would meet and exchange  ideas spanning on the crossroads between finance , economics , econometrics ,  insurance and mathematics .  the conference is the society ' s second biannual meeting and it will take  place in the island of crete , from june 12 to june 15 , 2002 .  the other members of the scientific committee are g . constantinides ,  m . davis , f . delbaen , d . duffie , h . foellmer , m . jeanblanc and e . platen .  either myself or any other member of the committee would be happy to  discuss with you about the conference and the society .  crete is one of the most beautiful greek islands . the conference will take  place in a resort in xersonissos , a picturesque site close to irakleion  and knossos . the airfare ( economy class ) and all local expenses ( lodging ,  meals and local transportation ) will be covered .  we will all be honored by your presence .  sincerely ,  thaleia zariphopoulou  chair of the scientific committee  v . n . neuhaus professor  dpts of mathematics and msis  the university of texas at austin ",0,bachelier finance society congress crete dear dr kaminsky behalf scientific committee nd world congress bachelier finance society pleasure invite give one plenary lectures bachelier finance society came initiative mathematical finance researchers found need create organization academia practitioners would meet exchange ideas spanning crossroads finance economics econometrics insurance mathematics conference society second biannual meeting take place island crete june june members scientific committee g constantinides davis f delbaen duffie h foellmer jeanblanc e platen either member committee would happy discuss conference society crete one beautiful greek islands conference take place resort xersonissos picturesque site close irakleion knossos airfare economy class local expenses lodging meals local transportation covered honored presence sincerely thaleia zariphopoulou chair scientific committee v n neuhaus professor dpts mathematics msis university texas austin
"Subject: the stickiest faces ever ! ! ! !  shoot your wad all over her face .  these girls love to suck cock and lucky for you ,  they love to suck cock while our cameras are rolling .  "" we have the nastiest cum sucking sluts  available anywhere ! ""  click here  you must be at least 18 to enter !  to be removed from our "" in house "" mailing list click here  and you will automatically be removed from future mailings .  you have received this email by either requesting more information  on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address .  if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies . ",1,stickiest faces ever shoot wad face girls love suck cock lucky love suck cock cameras rolling nastiest cum sucking sluts available anywhere click must least enter removed house mailing list click automatically removed future mailings received email either requesting information one sites someone may used email address received email error please accept apologies
"Subject: invitation - wharton et events  mark ,  fyi .  what about going to wharton in october to attend the e - commerce conference ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 18 / 2000  11 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tomczyk @ wharton . upenn . edu ( michael tomczyk ) on 08 / 15 / 2000 01 : 37 : 34 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : thomas . piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu  subject : invitation - wharton et events  vince hello ,  i just wanted to followup up on our meeting at wharton and let you know  that there are two upcoming events that you may want to attend - or  designate others from enron to attend . both of these events are good  opportunities to "" test drive "" the emerging technologies program and see if  there is an interest in joining our partner group .  september 8 - what next on the internet ?  our next insight - building event will be held at wharton on friday ,  september 8 and is entitled "" what next on the internet ? ""  this is primarily a wharton faculty event and we will be exploring 3 areas :  1 ) the new economics on the web , 2 ) internet , anywhere , and 3 )  implications for ( academic ) research and education . speakers will include  jay walker ( priceline . com ) , david farber ( chief technologist at the fcc )  and mohan sawhney ( kellog univ . , one of the nation ' s thought leaders on  e - commerce ) , along with several senior wharton faculty members .  there will be considerable discussion on how the next generation of the  internet will evolve and the implications for management and management  research . we are inviting our industry partners to join us at this event ,  and participate in the discussion , which should contain some valuable  insights and also provides an opportunity to help set our research agenda .  you are most welcome to participate , or designate a colleague , if you like .  october 19 & 20 - winners & losers in the e - commerce shakeout  this will be a major impact conference to explore the coming internet  shakeout , and apply some of the traditional shakeout measures to e - commerce  and try to determine what we can expect . it should be an intriguing day .  if you plan to attend please rsvp early since we are sure to be  "" overbooked "" for this event . this is probably the best showcase for our  insight - building activities , if you would like to invite any colleagues  help determine if it makes sense for enron to become a partner in the et  program .  if you ' d like to rsvp for you and any colleagues who would like to attend  one or both of the events described above , send me an email reply and i ' ll  send you a more detailed agenda and speaker description , etc .  i ' ll be on vacation the rest of this week but if you have any questions or  comments you can call or email me next week .  best regards ,  michael  michael s . tomczyk  managing director  emerging technologies management research program  1400 sh - dh / 6371  the wharton school  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371  tel 215 - 573 - 7722  fax 215 - 573 - 2129",0,invitation wharton et events mark fyi going wharton october attend e commerce conference vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect tomczyk wharton upenn edu michael tomczyk pm vkamins enron com cc thomas piazze wharton upenn edu subject invitation wharton et events vince hello wanted followup meeting wharton let know two upcoming events may want attend designate others enron attend events good opportunities test drive emerging technologies program see interest joining partner group september next internet next insight building event held wharton friday september entitled next internet primarily wharton faculty event exploring areas new economics web internet anywhere implications academic research education speakers include jay walker priceline com david farber chief technologist fcc mohan sawhney kellog univ one nation thought leaders e commerce along several senior wharton faculty members considerable discussion next generation internet evolve implications management management research inviting industry partners join us event participate discussion contain valuable insights also provides opportunity help set research agenda welcome participate designate colleague like october winners losers e commerce shakeout major impact conference explore coming internet shakeout apply traditional shakeout measures e commerce try determine expect intriguing day plan attend please rsvp early since sure overbooked event probably best showcase insight building activities would like invite colleagues help determine makes sense enron become partner et program like rsvp colleagues would like attend one events described send email reply send detailed agenda speaker description etc vacation rest week questions comments call email next week best regards michael michael tomczyk managing director emerging technologies management research program sh dh wharton school philadelphia pa tel fax
"Subject: czesc ludmilo , wicku i wicusiu  co slychac . w polsce zimno , ponuro , w gdansku aktualnie odwilz , co sprzyja  grypie . uciekamy przed grypa na tydzien do bialki tatrzanskiej pod  zakopanem . bylismy tam w zeszlym roku przez 4 dni w zimie i bardzo nam sie  podobalo . gory w zimie sa naprawde piekne . bylismy pierwszy raz w zimie w  gorach od 25 lat .  bardzo bedziemy chcieli wpasc jutro do pabianic ( albo w drodze powrotnej do  gdanska ) . nie wiem , czy to sie uda , bo wieczor zapada bardzo wczesnie , a ja  nie moge jezdzic w nocy . latwo sie mecze i szybki zasypiam . bylem u twoich  dziewczyn we wrzesniu , przypominalem sobie stare czasy jak nocowalismy u was  z rodzicami , ojciec siedzial na lezaku pod jablonia . ech .  bylo , minelo . slyszalem , ze wicusiowi idzie nadzwyczajnie . pamietam , jakim ty  byles ulubienicem taty ( peptydy w juracie , pamietasz ) .  michal ze swoja narzeczona wybiera sie w lecie do ameryki . chcialby  podszkolic sie w angielskim i przy okazji troche popracowac . oboje studiuja  medycyne na trzecim roku . jak myslisz , mogliby znalezc prace w houston ? czy  moglbys im w tym pomoc ? oni chcieliby tylko znalezc prace , nie chca was w  niczym absorbowac .  co o tym myslisz ?  jak bedziesz znowu w polsce , daj znac . musze z przyjemnoscia powiedziec , ze  poglady polityczne eli , jadzi i nasze sa identyczne . nawet nie mamy sie o co  poklocic . generalnie sie zgadzam z balcerowiczem , ale uwazam , ze  reforma zdrowia jest do d . doznajemy tego na wlasnej skorze .  trzymajcie sie cieplo i do uslyszenia .  pa , pa adam t . chemat @ softel . gda . pl",0,czesc ludmilo wicku wicusiu co slychac w polsce zimno ponuro w gdansku aktualnie odwilz co sprzyja grypie uciekamy przed grypa na tydzien bialki tatrzanskiej pod zakopanem bylismy tam w zeszlym roku przez dni w zimie bardzo nam sie podobalo gory w zimie sa naprawde piekne bylismy pierwszy raz w zimie w gorach od lat bardzo bedziemy chcieli wpasc jutro pabianic albo w drodze powrotnej gdanska nie wiem czy sie uda bo wieczor zapada bardzo wczesnie ja nie moge jezdzic w nocy latwo sie mecze szybki zasypiam bylem u twoich dziewczyn wrzesniu przypominalem sobie stare czasy jak nocowalismy u z rodzicami ojciec siedzial na lezaku pod jablonia ech bylo minelo slyszalem ze wicusiowi idzie nadzwyczajnie pamietam jakim ty byles ulubienicem taty peptydy w juracie pamietasz michal ze swoja narzeczona wybiera sie w lecie ameryki chcialby podszkolic sie w angielskim przy okazji troche popracowac oboje studiuja medycyne na trzecim roku jak myslisz mogliby znalezc prace w houston czy moglbys im w tym pomoc oni chcieliby tylko znalezc prace nie chca w niczym absorbowac co tym myslisz jak bedziesz znowu w polsce daj znac musze z przyjemnoscia powiedziec ze poglady polityczne eli jadzi nasze sa identyczne nawet nie mamy sie co poklocic generalnie sie zgadzam z balcerowiczem ale uwazam ze reforma zdrowia jest doznajemy tego na wlasnej skorze trzymajcie sie cieplo uslyszenia pa pa adam chemat softel gda pl
"Subject: re : mathworks  molly ,  we have a reasonably big room . 2 - 5 people is ok . it ' s ebl 938 .  vince  molly carnes @ enron communications  09 / 28 / 2000 03 : 10 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect @ enron  cc :  subject : re : mathworks  i ' ve got in on the calendar for the 18 th at 2 : 00 . what ' s the location ? how  many can we bring ? 2 or 3 ?  thanks .  molly carnes  for  louis casari  vice president , mid office operations  enron broadband services  713 - 853 - 4302 , room eb 4492  lou _ casari @ enron . net  vince j kaminski @ ect  09 / 28 / 00 10 : 39 am  to : lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , lou  casari / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : re : mathworks  molly ,  i met lou in the building lobby last wednesday and he suggested that he  ( or his representatives ) join the mathworks presentation to my group ) .  it ' s a good software package for mathematical modeling ,  but there is a limit to the number of different installations any group  can productively use .  i shall take a look at some new features they offer  and decide whether it ' s worth the effort .  vince kaminski  lou casari @ enron communications  09 / 20 / 2000 02 : 10 pm  sent by : molly carnes @ enron communications  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : mathworks  do you know this person or this company ? they are want to set an appointment  with ebs and i believe , are wanting to meet with you , also . any feedback ?  thanks .  molly carnes for lou casari  enron broadband services  713 - 853 - 1467 , room eb 4486 a  molly _ carnes @ enron . net  - - - - - forwarded by molly carnes / enron communications on 09 / 20 / 00 02 : 09 pm  - - - - -  scottw @ mathworks . com  09 / 20 / 00 08 : 46 am  to : lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : we ' ll be in houston  hello mr . casari :  myself and our energy trading financial team will be visiting with the r & d  group at enron the week of 10 / 16 / 00 . they have several applications can be  dramatically improved with our tools .  we are very interested to understand the bandwidth trading market , to see  if any additional challanges can be overcome with our tools .  i would like to understand your challanges of modeling , simulating and  deploying applications to control risk .  are you available to discuss these items prior to our visit ?  i look forward to hearing from you .  thanks  scott wakefield",0,mathworks molly reasonably big room people ok ebl vince molly carnes enron communications pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect enron cc subject mathworks got calendar th location many bring thanks molly carnes louis casari vice president mid office operations enron broadband services room eb lou casari enron net vince j kaminski ect lou casari enron communications enron communications enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect lou casari enron communications enron communications subject mathworks molly met lou building lobby last wednesday suggested representatives join mathworks presentation group good software package mathematical modeling limit number different installations group productively use shall take look new features offer decide whether worth effort vince kaminski lou casari enron communications pm sent molly carnes enron communications vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject mathworks know person company want set appointment ebs believe wanting meet also feedback thanks molly carnes lou casari enron broadband services room eb molly carnes enron net forwarded molly carnes enron communications pm scottw mathworks com lou casari enron communications enron communications cc subject houston hello mr casari energy trading financial team visiting r group enron week several applications dramatically improved tools interested understand bandwidth trading market see additional challanges overcome tools would like understand challanges modeling simulating deploying applications control risk available discuss items prior visit look forward hearing thanks scott wakefield
"Subject: re : copper curve  tani ,  no problem . we shall look at the curve on monday . i have organized a small  team to examine  the curve from different perspectives .  curve validation is normally a rac prerogative and i shall get them involved  on monday  vince  tani nath  10 / 27 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : copper curve  following steve ' s note to you earlier today , i wanted to mention that we have  a fairly urgent need for review of the copper curve in particular , as there  is a deal due for final pricing in the next few days .  i am not sure what data you have received from enron metals in london , so i  am asking tim poullain - patterson to ensure that you have the curves and the  economic justification proposed as soon as possible . please direct any  questions to him or to harry tefoglou . i will be in the tokyo office next  week , but available via e - mail .  thanks in advance for your assistance ,  tani",0,copper curve tani problem shall look curve monday organized small team examine curve different perspectives curve validation normally rac prerogative shall get involved monday vince tani nath maureen raymond hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect tim poullain patterson harry tefoglou lon ect ect esther gerratt lon ect ect subject copper curve following steve note earlier today wanted mention fairly urgent need review copper curve particular deal due final pricing next days sure data received enron metals london asking tim poullain patterson ensure curves economic justification proposed soon possible please direct questions harry tefoglou tokyo office next week available via e mail thanks advance assistance tani
"Subject: status  vasant -  i hope you had a wonderful vacation back home , and are rested and recovered  from the long flight back .  i wanted to give you an update of the eol project , the gas model , and of my  intentions here at enron .  software ( in compiled c on the unix platform ) has been developed and debugged  to listen to the eol trades , process them , book them , and file them away . in  addition , software has been developed and debugged to mark these to market on  a continual basis , and to store the entirety of open positions on eol in a  dynamic matrix facilitating analysis . it has yet to get back with me on how  the software can be informed of those trades ultimately rejected for credit  purposes .  these data files are stored in a format for reading by excel or by sas , for  which i have written the data step program and basic tabulation routines  elucidating the structure of the data .  i am in the process of documenting all of this for you .  with regards the gas model and its slow performance on the compaq , dell has  agreed to loan me one of their competing machines to the compaq , to see if  the performance issue of the lp is related to the compaq . i have been  researching this issue with it here and with compaq and dell . the new machine  will be here any day now ( no financial obligation to anyone ) , and i will be  able to immediately ascertain whether the problem the model is having is  compaq - specific .  i am also in the process of documenting the gas model for you .  i ' ve tried to do my best for you , vasant , but i have been frustrated by not  only the death of my mother but some internal systems in it here . just the  other day , sas could not open a full query of the eol database because there  wasn ' t enough free space on the server ' s hard drive for the workfiles . in  discussing some of these issues with some good friends of mine in power  trading , people whom i have known for over 10 years , they indicated they were  ubiquitous here . the power traders have similar pc ' s to my new one , and they  have complained from day 1 that theirs are slower than their old ones . also ,  there remains a large frustration with the development of data warehouses ;  during my brief tenure here it has gone through two differing proposals as to  how to address this . when i have been told of tools available for real - time  data harvesting , my requests for such have typically been met with "" well , we  have it , but we haven ' t really tested it yet . "" an example is the weather : we  still do not record to disk the hourly nws observations from the goes  satellite .  my interests here are to help enron to do well , because i will do well only  if enron does well . these aren ' t empty words - my ira is 100 % invested in the  enron stock fund . i believe my best contributions to enron will be in the  areas of systems as well as modeling , and the difficulty working in the  research group , in terms of systems development , is that , frankly , few people  at enron seem to care what a researcher thinks about our systems . we aren ' t  directly generating revenues for enron , and we aren ' t really their customers ,  except in our relatively small deparrtmental infrastructure expenses .  as it happens , power trading posted an opening for a modeling and forecasting  person , and i spoke with them and they asked me to take the job , reporting to  george hopley . it is a wonderful opportunity for me , vasant , as they are  interested in large system modelng of power grids as well as improving their  traders ' access to real - time fundamentals data . i was completely candid with  kevin presto regarding my shortcomings here in research - i told him you were  disgusted with me because i repeatedly failed to meet time deadlines . they  also understand i have yet to be at enron for 1 year , and thus may only bid  on a job with your permission . we agree the move is good for enron ; we all  work for enron , and your acquiescence to the move does not endorse it but  merely permit it . they are comfortable with me - they have known me for years  as a hard worker , honest and unpretensive . they have already ordered a  state - of - the - art unix workstation and server for me , and they have told me  they will commit whatever resources are necessary for me to be successful ,  including hiring an analyst to work for me . and , i have already been able to  teach their analysts improved techniques for data harvesting and analysis i  have learned here .  so , i am requesting your permission to bid for this job opening . it would be  a lateral move in position and salary , and i would commit to you to help you  in any way possible in the future with regards the gas model or the eol  database . i will continue to work on their improvement , and complete their  documentation .  as it happens , i am away on enron business in portland monday and tuesday ,  and will be back wednesday . i had wanted to talk face - to - face instead of by  email , but enron business supercedes - i am on a team designing the data  warehouse for floor trader support .  clayton .",0,status vasant hope wonderful vacation back home rested recovered long flight back wanted give update eol project gas model intentions enron software compiled c unix platform developed debugged listen eol trades process book file away addition software developed debugged mark market continual basis store entirety open positions eol dynamic matrix facilitating analysis yet get back software informed trades ultimately rejected credit purposes data files stored format reading excel sas written data step program basic tabulation routines elucidating structure data process documenting regards gas model slow performance compaq dell agreed loan one competing machines compaq see performance issue lp related compaq researching issue compaq dell new machine day financial obligation anyone able immediately ascertain whether problem model compaq specific also process documenting gas model tried best vasant frustrated death mother internal systems day sas could open full query eol database enough free space server hard drive workfiles discussing issues good friends mine power trading people known years indicated ubiquitous power traders similar pc new one complained day slower old ones also remains large frustration development data warehouses brief tenure gone two differing proposals address told tools available real time data harvesting requests typically met well really tested yet example weather still record disk hourly nws observations goes satellite interests help enron well well enron well empty words ira invested enron stock fund believe best contributions enron areas systems well modeling difficulty working research group terms systems development frankly people enron seem care researcher thinks systems directly generating revenues enron really customers except relatively small deparrtmental infrastructure expenses happens power trading posted opening modeling forecasting person spoke asked take job reporting george hopley wonderful opportunity vasant interested large system modelng power grids well improving traders access real time fundamentals data completely candid kevin presto regarding shortcomings research told disgusted repeatedly failed meet time deadlines also understand yet enron year thus may bid job permission agree move good enron work enron acquiescence move endorse merely permit comfortable known years hard worker honest unpretensive already ordered state art unix workstation server told commit whatever resources necessary successful including hiring analyst work already able teach analysts improved techniques data harvesting analysis learned requesting permission bid job opening would lateral move position salary would commit help way possible future regards gas model eol database continue work improvement complete documentation happens away enron business portland monday tuesday back wednesday wanted talk face face instead email enron business supercedes team designing data warehouse floor trader support clayton
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ali iisted software is avaiiabie for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few examples :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage !  best reqards ,  melynda ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions qerman french spanish uk many others ali iisted software avaiiabie immediate download need wait week cd delivery examples norton lnternet security pro windows xp professionai sp fuii version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite includinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianguage best reqards melynda
"Subject: approval for reviewer  krishnarao , pinnamaneni v has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your  approval . your may review / modify this list of reviewers by logging on to pep  at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and going to supervisor services . please  remember , no feedback can be completed on krishnarao , pinnamaneni v until you  have approved the list .",0,approval reviewer krishnarao pinnamaneni v suggested reviewers submitted approval may review modify list reviewers logging pep http pep corp enron com going supervisor services please remember feedback completed krishnarao pinnamaneni v approved list
"Subject: re :  joe ,  i have written to pal quilkey to invite christian werner to houston  for a week to discuss how much of his research we can use .  vince  joseph hrgovcic  08 / 01 / 2000 06 : 51 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  vince ,  i have inquired into christian ' s climate models . it seems to me like a long  term project . chiristian says that his model might be able to do better than  the australian met given that they ignore some of the variables he uses and  that they are an "" old boy ' s network "" resistant to new developments , but i  don ' t think the same can be said of most other weather services . as far as  the nws goes , they run their model on a cray , they have several very talented  phd ' s working on it full - time , and even then , they can only get a dozen or  so runs per night . in other words , it ' s a huge system . replicating something  even close to that will not be an easy task .  that being said , i think there are related applications that we could look  into . since i ' ve already promised the rac group and the weather desk ' s pjm  traders to put together a vector autoregressive model of daily temperatures ,  i think it makes sense to see if something better than a var model can be put  together , perhaps a very stripped down version of the kind of model christian  has . what i have in mind is something that would give us say , up to several  dozens of "" possible "" temperature forecasts every morning , which would be  calculated using actual climate models ( as opposed to time series models ) . i  would not use this as a forecasting tool ( the nws model results would make a  far better "" best guess "" ) , but our ensemble could still be used to provide a  distribution of temperature scenarios . this ensemble would have several uses :  1 ) we could price the book for the ensemble of runs and thereby obtain a  more realistic daily v @ r for the weather book ( and eventually interface that  with the power desk ' s v @ r calculations )  2 ) we could use the ensemble of forecasts to relate temperature forecasts to  week - ahead cdd and hdd distributions ( for use in our demand swaps )  3 ) if freese - notis were to give us one of their qualitative forecasts ,  e . g . , "" expect the trough to recede "" we could sort through the different monte  carlo scenarions , find one in which the trough in question is receding , and  use corresponding output statistics to download the actual temperatures  corresponding to that scenario . up till now , we haven ' t found a good way of  getting a numerical fix on what different forecasts actually mean  temperature - wise  4 ) we could use the associated visualization routines that come with such  models to get animations of the evolution of historical weather patterns . the  traders could use these in order to look for historical periods which roughly  match current weather conditions and get an idea of what could happen ;  although these meteorological models would not be good for simulating  month - ahead or season - ahead weather ( trust me on this ) we could still use the  visualization technology to do to analogous seasonal animations .  just today , i ' ve spoken with dr . jacobsen of stanford university , who has  written one of the more recent textbooks on climate forecasting , and who  worked with ucla ' s general circulation model . he says that getting a  simplified version of mm 5 ( which is itself a simplified , limited - area version  of the gcm models that nws , cola , and ucla use ) would take several months to  implement , assuming the people involved are already well versed in the  technology . also , i have contacted aer , a massachusetts - based weather  consulting firm , and they tell me that they have a mm 5 model running daily  ( only one run per night ) , and also some smaller pc models up and running .  they are of course willing to work with us for a fee . their mm 5 version runs  on a $ 200 , 000 parallel processor .  i am open to your suggestions ( or objections as the case may be ) . i ' m not  sure how the costs would be apportioned given that this would benefit all of  enron , and not just the weather desk .  i am scheduled to go to boston next week anyway , and would like to use the  opportunity to visit with aer . i will of course coordinate any projects with  christian ( if we get something like this up and running it will be more  likely that he can get the computing power he needs to run his own australian  model ) .  joe",0,joe written pal quilkey invite christian werner houston week discuss much research use vince joseph hrgovcic pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject vince inquired christian climate models seems like long term project chiristian says model might able better australian met given ignore variables uses old boy network resistant new developments think said weather services far nws goes run model cray several talented phd working full time even get dozen runs per night words huge system replicating something even close easy task said think related applications could look since already promised rac group weather desk pjm traders put together vector autoregressive model daily temperatures think makes sense see something better var model put together perhaps stripped version kind model christian mind something would give us say several dozens possible temperature forecasts every morning would calculated using actual climate models opposed time series models would use forecasting tool nws model results would make far better best guess ensemble could still used provide distribution temperature scenarios ensemble would several uses could price book ensemble runs thereby obtain realistic daily v r weather book eventually interface power desk v r calculations could use ensemble forecasts relate temperature forecasts week ahead cdd hdd distributions use demand swaps freese notis give us one qualitative forecasts e g expect trough recede could sort different monte carlo scenarions find one trough question receding use corresponding output statistics download actual temperatures corresponding scenario till found good way getting numerical fix different forecasts actually mean temperature wise could use associated visualization routines come models get animations evolution historical weather patterns traders could use order look historical periods roughly match current weather conditions get idea could happen although meteorological models would good simulating month ahead season ahead weather trust could still use visualization technology analogous seasonal animations today spoken dr jacobsen stanford university written one recent textbooks climate forecasting worked ucla general circulation model says getting simplified version mm simplified limited area version gcm models nws cola ucla use would take several months implement assuming people involved already well versed technology also contacted aer massachusetts based weather consulting firm tell mm model running daily one run per night also smaller pc models running course willing work us fee mm version runs parallel processor open suggestions objections case may sure costs would apportioned given would benefit enron weather desk scheduled go boston next week anyway would like use opportunity visit aer course coordinate projects christian get something like running likely get computing power needs run australian model joe
"Subject: re : action learning project information  vince ,  thanks for the information .  kathy  at 01 : 03 pm 1 / 8 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  > kathy ,  >  > enron will be represented by myself ( vince kaminski ) and kenneth parkhill .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > kathy spradling on 01 / 05 / 2001 05 : 04 : 21 pm  >  > to : ( recipient list suppressed )  > cc : chamberl @ rice . edu , castro @ rice . edu , spradlin @ rice . edu  > subject : action learning project information  >  >  > dear company representative ,  >  > we are pleased to announce that your company ' s proposal has been selected  > as a potential project in the jones graduate school of management ' s action  > learning project ( alp ) program . as indicated in the alp brochure , company  > representatives are invited to attend the alp program introduction and  > student networking session on wednesday , january 10 . please rsvp to kathy  > spradling , mba program coordinator , at 713 - 348 - 3313 or e - mail her at  > spradlin @ rice . edu by monday , january 8 to let her know if you plan to  > attend the session . please provide your company name and the names of  > representatives attending the session so nametags can be prepared . dress  > is business casual . below is the schedule of events :  >  > 8 : 30 9 : 00 a . m .  > ? continental breakfast and setup of your company table  > ? farnsworth pavilion ( located in rice student center )  >  > 9 : 00 9 : 45 a . m .  > ? introduction and program overview with company representatives , alp  > administration and faculty liaisons  > ? farnsworth pavilion ( located in rice student center )  >  > 10 : 00 12 : 00 p . m .  > ? student networking session with company representatives and  > first - year students  > ? grand hall ( located in rice student center )  >  > the alp program introduction and student networking session will be held in  > the rice student center ( numbers 10 and 11 on the campus map sent with your  > acceptance letter ) . please contact kathy spradling if you need an  > additional map faxed to you . there is a large amount of construction taking  > place on campus . once the visitor ' s lot near the rice memorial center is  > full , we recommend you park in the stadium lot in the designated visitor  > area and take the shuttle bus to the rice memorial center . make sure to  > let the bus driver know your destination .  >  >  > the mba program office has reserved the grand hall for the student  > networking session . each company represented will have a table set up with  > signage for your company . you may bring additional materials you feel  > might be of interest to students such as company brochures , articles and  > packets . due to the limited space , we are discouraging the use of display  > boards in the networking session . unfortunately , no internet connections  > will be available for use during the session .  >  > again , thank you for your interest in rice . we look forward to working  > with you , and hope to see you on wednesday , january 10 .  >  > carrie miller  > pam castro  > kathy spradling  >  >  >  > kathy m . spradling  > mba program coordinator  > jesse h . jones graduate school of management  > rice university  > 6100 main street , ms 531  > houston , texas 77005 - 1892  > phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  > fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  > email : spradlin @ rice . edu  > http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  > e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  > http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0,action learning project information vince thanks information kathy pm wrote kathy enron represented vince kaminski kenneth parkhill vince kathy spradling pm recipient list suppressed cc chamberl rice edu castro rice edu spradlin rice edu subject action learning project information dear company representative pleased announce company proposal selected potential project jones graduate school management action learning project alp program indicated alp brochure company representatives invited attend alp program introduction student networking session wednesday january please rsvp kathy spradling mba program coordinator e mail spradlin rice edu monday january let know plan attend session please provide company name names representatives attending session nametags prepared dress business casual schedule events continental breakfast setup company table farnsworth pavilion located rice student center introduction program overview company representatives alp administration faculty liaisons farnsworth pavilion located rice student center p student networking session company representatives first year students grand hall located rice student center alp program introduction student networking session held rice student center numbers campus map sent acceptance letter please contact kathy spradling need additional map faxed large amount construction taking place campus visitor lot near rice memorial center full recommend park stadium lot designated visitor area take shuttle bus rice memorial center make sure let bus driver know destination mba program office reserved grand hall student networking session company represented table set signage company may bring additional materials feel might interest students company brochures articles packets due limited space discouraging use display boards networking session unfortunately internet connections available use session thank interest rice look forward working hope see wednesday january carrie miller pam castro kathy spradling kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs
"Subject: amateur teens go bad  18 - 21 yr . old chicks are so horny !  nasty amateurs taking cum shots , huge cocks , anal poundings , & much more !  young and fresh - - - - - > just a click away !  get them now ! for free !  click here for the girls of your dreams ! remember this is a free site so hurry !  click here to unsubscribe . ",1,amateur teens go bad yr old chicks horny nasty amateurs taking cum shots huge cocks anal poundings much young fresh click away get free click girls dreams remember free site hurry click unsubscribe
"Subject: re :  dear mr . kaminski ,  since i am just about starting off on my research , i do not have any papers  published in this area . but i do plan to address this shortcoming pretty  soon . i have a couple of other papers against my name , but they are not  worth any serious mention .  i thank you for taking time off your busy schedule to write to me . i will  keep you posted about my progress .  thank you ,  yours sincerely ,  hari natarajan  fellowship student  indian institute of management bangalore  bannerghatta road  bangalore 560076  india  tel : 91 - 80 - 6993056  fax : 91 - 80 - 6584050  e - mail : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in  cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : 3 / 8 / 01 10 : 45 pm  subject : re :  hari ,  thanks . please , keep me posted about your progress .  any published papers ?  we shall send you the printout .  vince  hari natrajan on 03 / 06 / 2001 08 : 47 : 34 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re :  dear mr . kaminski ,  thank you very much for your prompt response . i look forward to  receiving a  copy of your article .  i would also appreciate it if you could let me know whether enron  provides  research grants to individuals who are working in the area of energy  risk  management . towards my research , i am trying to develop a model to  estimate  electricity spot price .  in any case , i will be getting in touch with you again a year or so down  the  line when i am nearing completion of my dissertation because enron is my  dream job .  i look forward to hearing from you .  thank you ,  yours sincerely ,  hari natarajan  fellowship student  indian institute of management bangalore  bannerghatta road  bangalore 560076  india  tel : 91 - 80 - 6993056  fax : 91 - 80 - 6584050  e - mail : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in  cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : 3 / 6 / 01 8 : 34 pm  subject : re :  hari ,  i shall send you a reprint of the article . i had to  cancel my presentation at san antonio .  vince  shirley ,  please , send a copy of the article to hari .  hari natrajan on 02 / 28 / 2001 06 : 45 : 29 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject :  dear mr . kaminski ,  i am a doctoral student at the indian institute of management bangalore ,  india . my area of interest is the energy sector , especially electricity  derivatives . i am interested in obtaining a copy of the following items :  1 ) your presentation "" current challenges in modeling power price  volatility ""  at the session on price volatility & probabilistic methods in the energy  markets . ( http : / / www . informs . org / conf / sanantonio 2000 / / talks / md 29 . html )  2 ) your chapter "" the challenge of pricing and risk managing electricity  derivatives "" in the book ' the us power market ' , risk publications .  i would appreciate it if you could send me a soft / hard copy of the same .  thank you ,  yours sincerely ,  hari natarajan  fellowship student  indian institute of management bangalore  bannerghatta road  bangalore 560076  india  tel : 91 - 80 - 6993056  fax : 91 - 80 - 6584050  e - mail : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in",0,dear mr kaminski since starting research papers published area plan address shortcoming pretty soon couple papers name worth serious mention thank taking time busy schedule write keep posted progress thank sincerely hari natarajan fellowship student indian institute management bangalore bannerghatta road bangalore india tel fax e mail hnatraj iimb ernet original message vince j kaminski enron com hnatraj iimb ernet cc shirley crenshaw enron com vince j kaminski enron com sent pm subject hari thanks please keep posted progress published papers shall send printout vince hari natrajan pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject dear mr kaminski thank much prompt response look forward receiving copy article would also appreciate could let know whether enron provides research grants individuals working area energy risk management towards research trying develop model estimate electricity spot price case getting touch year line nearing completion dissertation enron dream job look forward hearing thank sincerely hari natarajan fellowship student indian institute management bangalore bannerghatta road bangalore india tel fax e mail hnatraj iimb ernet original message vince j kaminski enron com hnatraj iimb ernet cc shirley crenshaw enron com vince j kaminski enron com sent pm subject hari shall send reprint article cancel presentation san antonio vince shirley please send copy article hari hari natrajan vince j kaminski enron com cc subject dear mr kaminski doctoral student indian institute management bangalore india area interest energy sector especially electricity derivatives interested obtaining copy following items presentation current challenges modeling power price volatility session price volatility probabilistic methods energy markets http www informs org conf sanantonio talks md html chapter challenge pricing risk managing electricity derivatives book us power market risk publications would appreciate could send soft hard copy thank sincerely hari natarajan fellowship student indian institute management bangalore bannerghatta road bangalore india tel fax e mail hnatraj iimb ernet
Subject: rice / enron finance seminar series  - attl . htm,0,rice enron finance seminar series attl htm
"Subject: re : ut short course travel arrangements  martin ,  i can join the car pool .  vince  from : martin lin on 04 / 25 / 2001 10 : 59 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : ut short course travel arrangements  if the schedule works , perhaps a carpool is best for attending the course , given the number of us going . vasant has offered to drive . dependiing on driving speed and traffic , leaving houston by 9 : 30 am should give sufficient time to make the lpm class , including some time for lunch .  please let me know if you are interested in the carpool or have alternate plans or suggestions .  thanks ,  martin",0,ut short course travel arrangements martin join car pool vince martin lin vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate sandeep kohli enron development enron development lance cunningham na enron enron sevil yaman corp enron enron cc subject ut short course travel arrangements schedule works perhaps carpool best attending course given number us going vasant offered drive dependiing driving speed traffic leaving houston give sufficient time make lpm class including time lunch please let know interested carpool alternate plans suggestions thanks martin
"Subject: michael catanese  vince ,  mr . catanese is not ready yet . his statistics is rusty , and he only finishes  11 chapters of john hull ( 18 chapters are minimal  to be serious ) .  zimin",0,michael catanese vince mr catanese ready yet statistics rusty finishes chapters john hull chapters minimal serious zimin
"Subject: . . . if you ' re looking for the lowest software prices on the web , you just found them !  get software cds and download under $ 15 - $ 99  a straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows .  poverty is the parent of revolution and crime .",1,looking lowest software prices web found get software cds download straw vote shows way hot air blows poverty parent revolution crime
"Subject: re : internship  dr . kaminski :  sounds good . you all have a nice weekend and 4 th .  - - shane  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc : ;  sent : friday , june 30 , 2000 2 : 33 pm  subject : re : internship  >  > shane ,  >  > monday would work for us .  >  > my assistant will contact you wednesday to arrange the interviews .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" shane green "" on 06 / 30 / 2000 11 : 33 : 53 am  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : internship  >  >  >  > dr . kaminski :  >  > i just wanted to touch base and see if i needed to snail mail a copy of  my  > resume or get in touch with anyone else over at enron .  >  > the finance department at lsu will be sending out financial award letters  > to new ph . d . students before long , and my interning at enron would free  up  > some additional departmental funds . in addition , if i will be here in  > baton rouge during the fall , i will need to pay my tuition next month . i  > am able to pursue an internship in large part because of the department ' s  > cooperation and assurance that when i return i will still have a research  > and or teaching assistantship to help fund the completion of ph . d . i have  > been told that such cooperation and assurances are rare at lsu , so i am  > trying to rock the boat as little as possible .  >  > i realize until i receive an offer from enron my internship ( i say  > internship rather than sabbatical because lsu will not continue to pay me  > my stipend while i am away ) is not assured until an offer has been  > extended by enron . i understand that there are procedures and protocols  > that must be followed before this occurs , and i would be willing to do  > whatever is necessary to move to the next step in that process .  >  > i will be in houston on july 8 & 9 for my wife ' s grandmother ' s 80 th  > birthday . if it would be convenient , i could be in town on the preceding  > friday , or following monday for a visit and / or interview . if not , given  > the relatively close proximity between baton rouge and houston , i would  be  > happy to come at another time .  >  > thanks again ,  > shane green  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,internship dr kaminski sounds good nice weekend th shane original message cc sent friday june pm subject internship shane monday would work us assistant contact wednesday arrange interviews vince shane green cc subject internship dr kaminski wanted touch base see needed snail mail copy resume get touch anyone else enron finance department lsu sending financial award letters new ph students long interning enron would free additional departmental funds addition baton rouge fall need pay tuition next month able pursue internship large part department cooperation assurance return still research teaching assistantship help fund completion ph told cooperation assurances rare lsu trying rock boat little possible realize receive offer enron internship say internship rather sabbatical lsu continue pay stipend away assured offer extended enron understand procedures protocols must followed occurs would willing whatever necessary move next step process houston july wife grandmother th birthday would convenient could town preceding friday following monday visit interview given relatively close proximity baton rouge houston would happy come another time thanks shane green
"Subject: re : model effort in houston  mike  pls discuss with mark tawney . under the revised egm structure for weather we  need to revisit theintended arrangement .  thnx  paul  from : mike a roberts @ ect 10 / 04 / 2001 04 : 59 am  to : christian werner / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , paul  quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mark tawney / enron @ enronxgate  subject : model effort in houston  christian ,  our spring / fall window of "" < nactivity "" is rapidly eluding us . . .  we need to get our internal model operational without delay .  along these lines , let ' s go ahead and plan your visit to houston as soon as  possible ,  but by all means get you in at least 4 weeks before hurricane season .  that would mean the month of may looks good .  please inform me what duties you could not perform from here to support the  sydney office ,  we ' ll figure out how to keep that office whole .  ( it ' s working without a hitch to have steve bennett in london , but continuing  his houston duties )  if the first week in may ( for the whole month ) will work , please respond asap  and we ' ll get housing arrangements finalized .  looking forward to your visit ,  - - - mike",0,model effort houston mike pls discuss mark tawney revised egm structure weather need revisit theintended arrangement thnx paul mike roberts ect christian werner enron development enron development cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect paul quilkey enron development enron development mark tawney enron enronxgate subject model effort houston christian spring fall window nactivity rapidly eluding us need get internal model operational without delay along lines let go ahead plan visit houston soon possible means get least weeks hurricane season would mean month may looks good please inform duties could perform support sydney office figure keep office whole working without hitch steve bennett london continuing houston duties first week may whole month work please respond asap get housing arrangements finalized looking forward visit mike
"Subject: re : saturday lunch  nick ,  thanks for your message . saturday , 11 : 45 at the terman is fine with  me . see you there .  vince  nick bambos on 03 / 01 / 2000 12 : 32 : 24 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com , lorriep @ stanford . edu  subject : saturday lunch  vince ,  unfortunately , the faculty club is closed on saturday .  > > > lorrie , could you please make reservations  for 2 at , say , spieto ' s . < < < <  i am looking forward to seeing you on saturday . shall  we meet at the terman ground floor lobby at 11 : 45 ?  i think the packard building is locked on saturday .  thanks ,  nick",0,saturday lunch nick thanks message saturday terman fine see vince nick bambos pm vince j kaminski enron com cc vkaminski aol com lorriep stanford edu subject saturday lunch vince unfortunately faculty club closed saturday lorrie could please make reservations say spieto looking forward seeing saturday shall meet terman ground floor lobby think packard building locked saturday thanks nick
"Subject: re : comments  hi vince ,  sorry to have missed you in paris . many thanks for your comments - they ' ve  now been incorporated and sent to eprm . things are crazy at the moment , but  hopefully will calm down in a couple of weeks and we ' ll have time to catch  up better .  best regards .  chris .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc : ; ;  sent : sunday , october 15 , 2000 11 : 06 am  subject : comments  > julie ,  >  > sorry for the delay . here are he comments .  >  > vince  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > sorry for long delay in responding . i have a few comments . most are  focused  > on the third article as here is till time to make modifications .  >  > 1 . in the second article , i would mention that the formulation of the  mean  > reversion process represents one of several possible equations that  capture  > the same type of market evolution of prices over time .  > 2 . one comment that applies to both articles . the problem is how one  defines  > the time series of energy prices . the numbers used for australian nsw pool  > prices seem to correspond to chronological prices . one alternative  approach  > is to build different time series for the corresponding time intervals for  > each day . this would result in different price behavior and estimates of  > jump . the choice is one of convenience and depends on actual problem under  > investigation . one could argue that volumes of electricity traded during  > different time slots represent different economic commodities .  > figure 3 a ( jump frequency ) has units on the vertical axis that require  > explanation . are we talking about an expected number of jumps in the total  > number of half hourly periods in a year ? the same goes for f in table 2  > ( article number 3 ) .  >  >",0,comments hi vince sorry missed paris many thanks comments incorporated sent eprm things crazy moment hopefully calm couple weeks time catch better best regards chris original message cc sent sunday october subject comments julie sorry delay comments vince sorry long delay responding comments focused third article till time make modifications second article would mention formulation mean reversion process represents one several possible equations capture type market evolution prices time one comment applies articles problem one defines time series energy prices numbers used australian nsw pool prices seem correspond chronological prices one alternative approach build different time series corresponding time intervals day would result different price behavior estimates jump choice one convenience depends actual problem investigation one could argue volumes electricity traded different time slots represent different economic commodities figure jump frequency units vertical axis require explanation talking expected number jumps total number half hourly periods year goes f table article number
"Subject: make your rivals envy  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wiii make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your  company wili automaticaiiy become a worid ieader : it isquite ciear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,make rivals envy lt really hard recollect company market full sugqestions information isoverwhelminq good catchy logo stylish statlonery outstandlng webslte wiii make task much easier promise ordered iogo company wili automaticaiiy become worid ieader isquite ciear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: june 21 - 22 retail electricity conference  dear workshop participant :  i hope you will be able to join us for the conference on "" retail  participation in competitive power markets "" to be held at the littlefield  conference center , stanford university , on june 21 - 22 , 2001 . conference  attire will be business casual .  the meeting will begin on thursday morning , june 21 , at 9 : 00 a . m . and will  conclude by 5 : 00 p . m . on friday , june 22 . a continental breakfast will be  available in the meeting room each morning beginning at 8 : 30 a . m .  please visit the "" june 21 - 22 "" meeting under  for a description of the meeting and some information about hotels .  please help us in our planning by using the form there to respond back to  emf about your participation . we have listed potential participants and  planned presentations based upon previous messages . please update me with  any additional presentations or changes in existing presentations .  i look forward to seeing you in june . in the interim , please do not  hesitate to call me or email me if you have questions or suggestions  regarding this workshop .  hill huntington  hillard g . huntington  emf - an international forum on  energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050  408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362  stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu  stanford , ca 94305 - 4026  emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf /",0,june retail electricity conference dear workshop participant hope able join us conference retail participation competitive power markets held littlefield conference center stanford university june conference attire business casual meeting begin thursday morning june conclude p friday june continental breakfast available meeting room morning beginning please visit june meeting description meeting information hotels please help us planning using form respond back emf participation listed potential participants planned presentations based upon previous messages please update additional presentations changes existing presentations look forward seeing june interim please hesitate call email questions suggestions regarding workshop hill huntington hillard g huntington emf international forum energy environmental markets voice terman center fax stanford university email hillh stanford edu stanford ca emf website http www stanford edu group emf
"Subject: black table for conference room and file cabinet  hi reggie :  conference room eb 19 c 2 is in need of a round black table to hold the  telephone . is there one available ?  also we would like a two - drawer lateral file cabinet for eb 19 c 2 .  co . # 0011 , rc # 100038 .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley  3 - 5290",0,black table conference room file cabinet hi reggie conference room eb c need round black table hold telephone one available also would like two drawer lateral file cabinet eb c co rc thanks great day shirley
"Subject: re : uc - berkeley graduate student  rajnish ,  we shall invite you for an interview in houston .  vince  rajnish kamat on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 55 : 31 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : uc - berkeley graduate student  dr . vincent kaminski  managing director and head of research  enron corp .  dear dr . kaminski ,  it was a pleasure talking with you and attending your talk today .  i am a graduate student in industrial engg . and operations  research working with prof . shmuel oren  on topics in financial instrument pricing and design of  contracts in deregulated electricity markets . i am also  doing research in auction models and computable equilibrium  models with applications in electricity market design .  i am planning to graduate with a ph . d . in may 2001 and would  appreciate hearing about any opportunities in your group at enron .  i am attaching at copy of my resume ( file : cvrkamat . doc ) for your perusal .  thanking you ,  sincerely ,  rajnish kamat  graduate student  ieor , uc - berkeley  4135 , etcheverry hall  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  university of california at berkeley  berkeley , ca , 94710  - cvrkamat . doc",0,uc berkeley graduate student rajnish shall invite interview houston vince rajnish kamat pm vkamins enron com cc subject uc berkeley graduate student dr vincent kaminski managing director head research enron corp dear dr kaminski pleasure talking attending talk today graduate student industrial engg operations research working prof shmuel oren topics financial instrument pricing design contracts deregulated electricity markets also research auction models computable equilibrium models applications electricity market design planning graduate ph may would appreciate hearing opportunities group enron attaching copy resume file cvrkamat doc perusal thanking sincerely rajnish kamat graduate student ieor uc berkeley etcheverry hall dept industrial engineering operations research university california berkeley berkeley ca cvrkamat doc
"Subject: freese notis  mike :  we are currently being billed for freese notis weather . i will need to  allocate these charges to the appropriate cost center . if you would like to  continue this service i could allocate it directly to your cost center or  send you the bill directly . if you know of anyone else who uses this  application please let me know and i will split the cost among the  departments .  thank you ,  danielle marcinkowski",0,freese notis mike currently billed freese notis weather need allocate charges appropriate cost center would like continue service could allocate directly cost center send bill directly know anyone else uses application please let know split cost among departments thank danielle marcinkowski
"Subject: day off tuesday  stinson ,  i would like to take a day off tomorrow ( tuesday , april 10 ) .  i need to register my son to elementary school and send my cars to service .  my cell number is 713 - 858 - 2577 in case you need to reach me .  zimin",0,day tuesday stinson would like take day tomorrow tuesday april need register son elementary school send cars service cell number case need reach zimin
"Subject: amerada hess day rate hedge numbers  attached are the historical numbers for the semi - submersibles 4 th and 5 th  generation day rates . their price is 155 , 000 / day for the next 4 years . i  would think that a floor of $ 100 , 000 would be the place to start jan 1 , 2001  through dec 31 , 2004 . we need to know the call strike that would make it  costless .  i plan on making some examples discussion purposes to discuss with them on  friday of this week . i will update you asap on the balance of day rate  prices . let me know what else you will need to prepare the statistical  analysis . the numbers include highs and lows ; let me know your ideas on how  to address this in the quote .  thanks ,  john  30395",0,amerada hess day rate hedge numbers attached historical numbers semi submersibles th th generation day rates price day next years would think floor would place start jan dec need know call strike would make costless plan making examples discussion purposes discuss friday week update asap balance day rate prices let know else need prepare statistical analysis numbers include highs lows let know ideas address quote thanks john
"Subject: as promised molly  sorry about the mix - up on the email molly .  i hope you get this one .  as most good corporations like enron have predefined contractual arrangements  to do executive search business i will be happy to abide by your terms and  rules .  and to be quite honest - enron is about the "" best it gets "" so , i prefer to not  draft a contract this time or for this relationship - i will wait for yours to  be signed by me . the only stipulation i request of you is that upon  contractual performance , enron accounts payable please wire my funds to my  account as i have a multi - currency account denominated in usd / canadian or  british pounds ( which ever fits you as i may need to pay my counterparts in  the uk ) . . . other than that i have no perplexities .  i will send you my wire instructions later , either my bank in california or  in bermuda .  as i live in california and do contingency search , i must go off of my  client ' s "" good word "" on occasion and luckily haven ' t had any problems so  far . . . i always honor california verbal contract law - if i do not draft .  i think you fee payment of 20 % is generous and the industry standard of 30  day guarantee on replacement is fair . obviously there is no deposit on any  contingency and if there is a definite urgent need for a position to be  filled only then will i ask your help for a minor deposit to aid in my  overhead to shift all my resources to search on behalf on enron .  as enron has the in - house power to probably not need this service then  obviously a deposit will not be required .  if you wish me to send my standard agreement then i will , but you have made  yourself perfectly clear by phone what you are willing to do . i therefore  will be happy to receive you contract and follow your instructions .  i thank you and vince for allowing me to work with enron and pledge to you my  best work and candidates utilizing my network of contacts .  i am very excited about our new relationship and hope to give you my very  best service .  thank you very much for this opportunity molly , please send my your contract  so , that i may sign it and send it right back to you immediately . i am  looking forward to working with vince and you .  thank you again ,  jeff wesley  ps - i can utilize to resources of management recruiters international usa and  robert walters of the uk to aid in my service to you .  best regards ,  jeff wesley  always held in strict confidence .  949 813 2241 hotline  347 487 8957 voice / fax us  ( 011 ) + 44 ( 845 ) 3341644 uk  - - - - - begin pgp public key block - - - - -  version : pgpfreeware 6 . 5 . 3 for non - commercial use   2 w 4 duudd 3 yisxx 8 wy 2 o 9 vpji 8 bd 8 kvbgi 2 oulwmufo 4 ozt 9 fbdxq 6 mdggzemyestsr / pogxkuayeyl 8 6 vq  rpmynofdopnqnyej 2 + m 9 zwwyw 3 gbij 4 vktfyngoqevl 3 l 9 hg 2 l 7 lsls + 8 ywlvcqb llmkul 3 lxa 9 idp 6 bzu 9 drwdfrba 5 rdvbfylolythsp 0 zg 4 lolurfgyy + iakwe / 5 n  78 fc 32 lczbj 8 rvsvh + qljiyisjdvambww 4 hjlzc 9 tipdtggz 6 g 5 lgg 8 dfw 74 ezsx lzsy + zzncacst / dveok / + y 4 nrumqor + qggo 9 l 9 gwpqu 5 blxenpedteczmwome 48 z  glkh + bz 39 qcfvc + hxgi 7 ogcon / rseitrweao / sy =  = 2 nkw  - - - - - end pgp public key block - - - - -  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *  - private 9498132241 original . doc  - private 9498132241 original . doc  - statement 9498132241 . pdf  - statement 9498132241 origina . doc",0,promised molly sorry mix email molly hope get one good corporations like enron predefined contractual arrangements executive search business happy abide terms rules quite honest enron best gets prefer draft contract time relationship wait signed stipulation request upon contractual performance enron accounts payable please wire funds account multi currency account denominated usd canadian british pounds ever fits may need pay counterparts uk perplexities send wire instructions later either bank california bermuda live california contingency search must go client good word occasion luckily problems far always honor california verbal contract law draft think fee payment generous industry standard day guarantee replacement fair obviously deposit contingency definite urgent need position filled ask help minor deposit aid overhead shift resources search behalf enron enron house power probably need service obviously deposit required wish send standard agreement made perfectly clear phone willing therefore happy receive contract follow instructions thank vince allowing work enron pledge best work candidates utilizing network contacts excited new relationship hope give best service thank much opportunity molly please send contract may sign send right back immediately looking forward working vince thank jeff wesley ps utilize resources management recruiters international usa robert walters uk aid service best regards jeff wesley always held strict confidence hotline voice fax us uk begin pgp public key block version pgpfreeware non commercial use w duudd yisxx wy vpji bd kvbgi oulwmufo ozt fbdxq mdggzemyestsr pogxkuayeyl vq rpmynofdopnqnyej zwwyw gbij vktfyngoqevl l hg l lsls ywlvcqb llmkul lxa idp bzu drwdfrba rdvbfylolythsp zg lolurfgyy iakwe n fc lczbj rvsvh qljiyisjdvambww hjlzc tipdtggz g lgg dfw ezsx lzsy zzncacst dveok nrumqor qggo l gwpqu blxenpedteczmwome z glkh bz qcfvc hxgi ogcon rseitrweao sy nkw end pgp public key block get free secure online email http www ziplip com private original doc private original doc statement pdf statement origina doc
"Subject: re : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi again ,  thanks for the financial data on enron ' s european counterparties .  it is my understanding that you started out with a list of 500 such  counterparties . however , your spreadsheet only contains information for 72  of these european counterparties .  will you please tell me the logic behind the elimination of the 400 + other  counterparties ?  thanks so much ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : parsons , ben  sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 2 : 56 am  to : mack , iris  cc : valnek , tomas ; dhar , amitava ; mumford , mike  subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi iris  the inputs and outputs generated by riskcalc can be seen in the attached file :  >  we only looked at the 5 - yr pd .  inputs are in columns a - u . these are the inputs generated by amadeus . you can  run these inputs through the riskcalc model over the web  ( http : / / www . moodysqra . com / privfirm ) using the login : dupred , password :  detective . this is our trial licence which lasts for about 2 more weeks ( mike  mumford will have more details about the current licence )  tomas valnek was getting the data from the amadeus database , so i ' ll leave it  to him to determine if houston access is possible . in the meantime you can  use the dataset attached for testing purposes .  ben  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 12 / 04 / 2001 17 : 58 cdt  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron  subject : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi ben ,  how are you ? today we had a meeting with craig chaney and jeff kinneman to  discuss the private firm model .  they requested that i spend some time carefully analyzing the moody ' s  riskcalc model . i noticed that you also have been looking at riskcalc - as  indicated in your paper entitled "" pricing parent companies and their  subsidiaries : model description and data requirements ""  other than the example discussed in your paper , did generate any other test  statistics , scores , etc .  also , you stated that you used amadeus database . we are in the process of  trying to obtain data from various data vendors - but that may take a while .  in the mean time , may we have access to the amadeus database or some sample  dataset ?  thanks so much ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : valnek , tomas  sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 9 : 10 am  to : fiala , markus ; seyfried , bryan ; salmon , scott ; kirkpatrick , eric ;  mumford , mike ; fontaine , jean - sebastien ; brooks , simon ; price , nigel ;  diprose , robert ; rezaeian , reza ; gordon , mike ; lee , derek ; hershkovitz , ilan ;  golden , sally ; stephan , nicholas ; albanis , george ; shanbhogue , vasant ; mack ,  iris  cc : parsons , ben  subject : parent - subsidary model  attached is a description of the parent - subsidiary model that ben and i have  been working on over the last few weeks .  comments welcome !  tv  >",0,fw parent subsidary model hi thanks financial data enron european counterparties understanding started list counterparties however spreadsheet contains information european counterparties please tell logic behind elimination counterparties thanks much iris original message parsons ben sent tuesday april mack iris cc valnek tomas dhar amitava mumford mike subject fw parent subsidary model hi iris inputs outputs generated riskcalc seen attached file looked yr pd inputs columns u inputs generated amadeus run inputs riskcalc model web http www moodysqra com privfirm using login dupred password detective trial licence lasts weeks mike mumford details current licence tomas valnek getting data amadeus database leave determine houston access possible meantime use dataset attached testing purposes ben iris mack enron enronxgate cdt ben parsons lon ect ect cc amitava dhar corp enron enron subject fw parent subsidary model hi ben today meeting craig chaney jeff kinneman discuss private firm model requested spend time carefully analyzing moody riskcalc model noticed also looking riskcalc indicated paper entitled pricing parent companies subsidiaries model description data requirements example discussed paper generate test statistics scores etc also stated used amadeus database process trying obtain data various data vendors may take mean time may access amadeus database sample dataset thanks much iris original message valnek tomas sent tuesday april fiala markus seyfried bryan salmon scott kirkpatrick eric mumford mike fontaine jean sebastien brooks simon price nigel diprose robert rezaeian reza gordon mike lee derek hershkovitz ilan golden sally stephan nicholas albanis george shanbhogue vasant mack iris cc parsons ben subject parent subsidary model attached description parent subsidiary model ben working last weeks comments welcome tv
"Subject: subprime refi mail sale  subprime  refi mail sale  do you want 50 + new refi ' s in  your pipeline this month ? if  so , please tell us two things : what type of borrowers do you want calling  in and how many calls you can handle per week ? we do the rest !  we can have your phones ringing within  7 daysturnkey direct mail  campaigns include : 1 . powerful proven mail pieces 2 . 100 % targeted  database 3 . exclusive market area availability 4 . postage with usps  priority mail deliveryyou just answer the phones and write the  loans ( 1003 ' s ) call :  1 - 877 - 266 - 0908 or email us  at : info @ . comvisit  us at www . . com  ask about our subprime refi mail sale ! ! !  we will fill your  pipeline ! infinity has been specializing in direct mail campaigns for  the mortgage industry for 15 years  to unsubscribe please email usaone @ cyberverse . com ",1,subprime refi mail sale subprime refi mail sale want new refi pipeline month please tell us two things type borrowers want calling many calls handle per week rest phones ringing within daysturnkey direct mail campaigns include powerful proven mail pieces targeted database exclusive market area availability postage usps priority mail deliveryyou answer phones write loans call email us info comvisit us www com ask subprime refi mail sale fill pipeline infinity specializing direct mail campaigns mortgage industry years unsubscribe please email usaone cyberverse com
"Subject: miscellaneous items  good morning tom :  please furnish the following information to me for the research directory :  name : tom halliburton  title :  location : ebl 957  phone # : 5 - 8539  home address :  home telephone :  wife ' s name :  your birthday :  also for your information , there will be a research group staff meeting  every thursday from 11 : 30 am to 1 : 00 pm in eb 30 cl . lunch will be  provided .  please let me know what kind of sandwich or salad you would like and  what you would like to drink .  thanks !  shirley  3 - 5290",0,miscellaneous items good morning tom please furnish following information research directory name tom halliburton title location ebl phone home address home telephone wife name birthday also information research group staff meeting every thursday pm eb cl lunch provided please let know kind sandwich salad would like would like drink thanks shirley
"Subject: mr . big shot !  vince -  i couldn ' t have been more pleased than when i saw your name on the managing  director promotion list last january - who says nice guys finish last !  i ' ve had the announcement in my "" to do "" folder all this time , waiting for me  to catch up enough to send you this message , but i guess you ' re no stranger  to that scenario . . . .  nothing stochastic about it , you ' re simply the best !  betty : )",0,mr big shot vince pleased saw name managing director promotion list last january says nice guys finish last announcement folder time waiting catch enough send message guess stranger scenario nothing stochastic simply best betty
"Subject: re : dr . michelle foss - energy institute  thanks vince - - am tied up with chairing the iaee conference this week .  appreciate your fielding my request via aisha . hope you ' re doing well ! m  * * * * *  all information in this mail is to be treated confidentially .  * * * * *  michelle michot foss , ph . d .  director , energy institute  c . t . bauer college of business  334 melcher hall , room 320  university of houston  houston , tx 77204 - 6011  tel . 713 - 743 - 4634  fax 713 - 743 - 4881  www . uh . edu / energyinstitute  > , , on 04 / 23 / 2001 03 : 15 : 29 pm  please respond to aisha @ uh . edu  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc : mmfoss @ uh . edu  subject : dr . michelle foss - energy institute  dear mr . kaminski ,  i am writing to ask a favor for dr . michelle foss . as you know we will  be running our "" new era "" program from may 14 - may 25 th . dr . foss was  wondering if on may 22 nd ( between 1 : 30 pm and 4 : 00 pm ) , we would be able to  bring  our participants for a tour of your trading floor . at this time we will  have  30 - 40 people , and since only 10 people maximum should really be on a  trading floor we need to have 4 companies among which to divide our  participants . at this time , we have a floor from coral energy , and are  working with duke ,  and i will be contacting mr . paul roberts to arrange for the reliant energy  trading floor . i was hoping very much that you would be able to direct  me to the right person to contact to arrange this tour . will this be a  possiblity ? i really appreciate your help very much . thank you !  best regards ,  aisha jamal  energy institute  713 - 743 - 4634",0,dr michelle foss energy institute thanks vince tied chairing iaee conference week appreciate fielding request via aisha hope well information mail treated confidentially michelle michot foss ph director energy institute c bauer college business melcher hall room university houston houston tx tel fax www uh edu energyinstitute pm please respond aisha uh edu vkamins ect enron com cc mmfoss uh edu subject dr michelle foss energy institute dear mr kaminski writing ask favor dr michelle foss know running new era program may may th dr foss wondering may nd pm pm would able bring participants tour trading floor time people since people maximum really trading floor need companies among divide participants time floor coral energy working duke contacting mr paul roberts arrange reliant energy trading floor hoping much would able direct right person contact arrange tour possiblity really appreciate help much thank best regards aisha jamal energy institute
"Subject: rape ! ! .  rape sex !  click here  you must be at least 18 to enter !  to be removed from our "" in house "" mailing list  click here  and you will automatically be removed from future mailings .  you have received this email by either requesting more information  on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address .  if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies . ",1,rape rape sex click must least enter removed house mailing list click automatically removed future mailings received email either requesting information one sites someone may used email address received email error please accept apologies
"Subject: re : 2001 preliminary i / c billing  becky ,  the charges to corp . go to rac and are based on my projections of expected  expenses .  the charges are based on the following assumptions ( percentages in the  parenthesis show  amount of time allocated by each person ( group ) ) to rac :  1 . value - at - risk group ( var )  md ( 25 % )  vp ( 60 % )  director ( 100 % )  5 managers ( 100 % )  2 . enterprise wide risk management  manager ( 100 % )  associate ( 100 % )  currently we hired ( or will shortly hire ) 4 managers for the var group . the  expansion of the var  group was planned based on the requests from rac for more support .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000  01 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  12 / 19 / 2000 11 : 30 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 2001 preliminary i / c billing  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000  11 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  becky pham  12 / 19 / 2000 11 : 13 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 2001 preliminary i / c billing  madam ,  i have a meeting with corp tomorrow in reference to the intercompany billing  to corp . they are concerned about research allocation . i need some back up  to this billing . can you help me ? can i get it by the end of the day to  have it reviewed and ready for tomorrow ? please let me know . . . . thanx  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by becky pham / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000 11 : 08 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stephen schwarzbach @ enron  12 / 18 / 2000 08 : 55 am  to : becky pham / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 2001 preliminary i / c billing  becky ,  i am discussing these allocations with the appropriate groups within  corporate , as they will be the ones accepting / rejecting these charges . i am  forwarding this to the appropriate individuals within the corp . departments  for their review . so , do not consider corp as "" in agreement "" until you hear  back from me . i also reviewed what we are receiving in 2000 and i have a few  questions relating to both 2000 and 2001 :  1 . what is esource ?  2 . what is ena ops direct ?  3 . what is ena occ direct ?  4 . what is ena co 021 ? is this vince kaminsky ' s group ? the charges for 2000  have been about $ 16 k and $ 20 k to the rac group , so at that rate , i would  expect 2001 to be no more than $ 250 k - $ 300 k , but the plan amount you sent is  $ 1 . 9 mm . i will need some detail on this .  thanks ,  steve  becky pham @ ect  12 / 14 / 2000 05 : 15 pm  to : stephen schwarzbach / corp / enron @ enron , regina hawley / gpgfin / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : 2001 preliminary i / c billing  attached is the 2001 preliminary inter - company billing . ena will be billing  plan numbers for all departments except for external legal and external tax ,  which will be billed base on actual . a quarterly review will be done to  determine the variance between plan vs . actual amounts . if the variance  amount is material , we will adjust the billing to your business unit  accordingly .  if you have any questions , call me at 5 - 7094 . please review this billing ,  and notify me with any questions by wednesday , december 20 , 2000 ; otherwise ,  it is assumed that you agree to the intercompany billing from ena .  you are the only person in your business unit receiving this invoice . if  this invoice needs to go to someone else in your business unit , please  forward to the correct person and can i be included in the forward e - mail ?",0,preliminary c billing becky charges corp go rac based projections expected expenses charges based following assumptions percentages parenthesis show amount time allocated person group rac value risk group var md vp director managers enterprise wide risk management manager associate currently hired shortly hire managers var group expansion var group planned based requests rac support vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm shirley crenshaw vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject preliminary c billing forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect becky pham shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject preliminary c billing madam meeting corp tomorrow reference intercompany billing corp concerned research allocation need back billing help get end day reviewed ready tomorrow please let know thanx forwarded becky pham hou ect stephen schwarzbach enron becky pham hou ect ect cc subject preliminary c billing becky discussing allocations appropriate groups within corporate ones accepting rejecting charges forwarding appropriate individuals within corp departments review consider corp agreement hear back also reviewed receiving questions relating esource ena ops direct ena occ direct ena co vince kaminsky group charges k k rac group rate would expect k k plan amount sent mm need detail thanks steve becky pham ect pm stephen schwarzbach corp enron enron regina hawley gpgfin enron enron cc subject preliminary c billing attached preliminary inter company billing ena billing plan numbers departments except external legal external tax billed base actual quarterly review done determine variance plan vs actual amounts variance amount material adjust billing business unit accordingly questions call please review billing notify questions wednesday december otherwise assumed agree intercompany billing ena person business unit receiving invoice invoice needs go someone else business unit please forward correct person included forward e mail
"Subject: re : oracle tables which contain the position and curves information  for enron ' s var system  andreas ,  as we discussed today , i am sending you some information on how the positions  and curves  are stored in our database . in the enclosed file you ' ll find the list of  columns for 4 tables and  2 quarries as an example . 3 of these tables contain the positions  information , 1 table has the curves information .  ramesh ( who supports our var model from it side ) will send you the  description of these tables .  regards ,  tanya .",0,oracle tables contain position curves information enron var system andreas discussed today sending information positions curves stored database enclosed file find list columns tables quarries example tables contain positions information table curves information ramesh supports var model side send description tables regards tanya
"Subject: your encouragement would be appreciated  the gas and power trading organizations have had a tremendous year .  sometimes we as traders forget some of the crucial parts of the organization  that significantly contributed to that success . i believe the weather group  comprised of mike robert ' s , jose marquez , stephen bennett and dave ryan from  power are one of those groups . these individuals have done a tremendous job  of predicting summer weather along with the route hurricanes would take . the  greatest achievement has been the november and december winter forecast .  they held fast to their cold forecast even when outside services were  moderating . on a score card with all other services they definitely deserve  an "" a + "" . when you are down on the 32 nd floor it would be nice if you would  stop and congratulate them on a tremendous job and their contribution to our  success .  thanks , jim schwieger",0,encouragement would appreciated gas power trading organizations tremendous year sometimes traders forget crucial parts organization significantly contributed success believe weather group comprised mike robert jose marquez stephen bennett dave ryan power one groups individuals done tremendous job predicting summer weather along route hurricanes would take greatest achievement november december winter forecast held fast cold forecast even outside services moderating score card services definitely deserve nd floor would nice would stop congratulate tremendous job contribution success thanks jim schwieger
"Subject: grand - slam stox  momentum alert issued for july 6 - 8 , 2005  explosive pick for our members - - up 0 . 52 ( 13 . 16 % ) ! tuesday july 5 th  ! ! ! ! ! see tuesday july 5 th , heavy trading has started 6 x its normal 10 day avg , ride the stairway to heaven ! ! ! !  good day to all broker ' s , day trader ' s and investor ' s world stock report  has become famous with some great stock picks in the otc , small cap  market ' s ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! here at world stock report we work on what we here  from the street . rumor ' s circulating and keeping the focus on the company ' s  news . we pick our companies based on there growth potential . we focus on  stocks that have great potential to move up in price . ! ! ! ! ! ! while giving  you liquitity .  our latest pick is cdgt .  symbol : cdgt  friday july lst $ 3 . 90  current price : $ 4 . 43  short term 5 day projection : $ 8 - 9  we give it to you again as a gift . this company is doing incredible things .  thay have cash and have made great strategic aquisitions . current price $ 4 . 43 .  word on the sreet is strong buy . this company has dropped big new ' s in the past .  who ' s to say they don ' t have another big one .  * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  press release source : china digital media corporation  china digital media corporation announces an investment in second television  drama - ' xiguan affairs '  hong kong , june 29 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation  ( ' ' digimedia ' ' ) ( otc : cdgt - news ; otc bulletin board : cdgt - news ) with its  subsidiaries ( together the ' ' group ' ' ) announced today the group is committed  to invest rmb 4 , 680 , 000 for a minority interests in a television drama ,  ' ' xiguan affairs ' ' , in the peoples republic of china with guangdong runshi  movie & music production co . , ltd . ( ' ' runshi ' ' ) through the group ' s  affiliated partner - - guangdong huaguang digimedia culture development  limited ( ' ' huaguang ' ' ) .  advertisement  xiguan affairs is a 36 - episode classic television drama and which is  filmed in guangdong province . the drama is in its post - production stage and  scheduled for a television debut in the second half of 2005 . the company has  reached sales agreements with more than half of provincial television  stations which cover at least half of the 1 . 14 billion tv viewers in china .  the company expects the drama will generate profits in 2005 .  ' ' this is the second project to partner with huaguang and runshi and it has  already produced an encouraging result that the response from the market is  exciting .  remember this is a stong buy recommendation . . .  disclaimer :  information within this email contains "" forwardlooking statements "" within  the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of  thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve  discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,  plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or  performance are not statements of historical fact and may be "" forward  looking statements . "" forwardlooking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made  that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual  results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use  of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" , "" will , "" "" anticipates , ""  "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" understands "" or that by statements indicating  certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur . risk factors include  general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop  specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer  and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has  little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent  that the information contained in this message states all material facts or  does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to  investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and  not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers  and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities  representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this  email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any  kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on  the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this  stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .  the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or  investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section  17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred  thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or  affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an  inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the  fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without  notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing  you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from  public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites  and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this  informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or  completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your  acceptance of these terms .",1,grand slam stox momentum alert issued july explosive pick members tuesday july th see tuesday july th heavy trading started x normal day avg ride stairway heaven good day broker day trader investor world stock report become famous great stock picks otc small cap market world stock report work street rumor circulating keeping focus company news pick companies based growth potential focus stocks great potential move price giving liquitity latest pick cdgt symbol cdgt friday july lst current price short term day projection give gift company incredible things thay cash made great strategic aquisitions current price word sreet strong buy company dropped big new past say another big one press release press release press release source china digital media corporation china digital media corporation announces investment second television drama xiguan affairs hong kong june xinhua prnewswire china digital media corporation digimedia otc cdgt news otc bulletin board cdgt news subsidiaries together group announced today group committed invest rmb minority interests television drama xiguan affairs peoples republic china guangdong runshi movie music production co ltd runshi group affiliated partner guangdong huaguang digimedia culture development limited huaguang advertisement xiguan affairs episode classic television drama filmed guangdong province drama post production stage scheduled television debut second half company reached sales agreements half provincial television stations cover least half billion tv viewers china company expects drama generate profits second project partner huaguang runshi already produced encouraging result response market exciting remember stong buy recommendation disclaimer information within email contains forwardlooking statements within meaning section aof securities act section b thesecurities exchange act statements express involve discussions respect predictions expectations beliefs plans projections objectives goals assumptions future events performance statements historical fact may forward looking statements forwardlooking statements based expectations estimates projections time statements made involve number risks uncertainties could cause actual results events differ materially presently anticipated forward looking statements action may identified use words projects foresee expects anticipates estimates believes understands statements indicating certain actions may could might occur risk factors include general economic business conditions ability acquire develop specific projects ability fund operations changes consumer business consumption habits factors overwhich company little control publisher newsletter represent information contained message states material facts omit material fact necessary make statements therein misleading information provided within email pertaining investing stocks securities must understood information provided investment advice publisher newsletter advises readers subscribers seek advice registered professional securities representative deciding trade stocks featured within email none material within report shall construed kind investment advice solicitation many companies verge bankruptcy lose money investing stock urge read company sec filings invest publisher newsletter registered invstment advisor subscribers view information herein legal tax accounting investment advice compliance securitiesact section b publisher newsletter contracted receive six hundred thousand free trading shares third party officer director affiliate shareholder circulation report aware inherent conflict interest resulting compensation due fact paid advertisement without bias party paid us position stock sell anytime without notice could negative impact price stock causing lose money factual information report gathered public sources including limited sec filings company websites company press releases publisher newsletter believes informationto eliable make guarantee accuracy completeness use material within email constitutes acceptance terms
"Subject: returned mail : response error  the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 11 : 57 : 45 + 0100  - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - -  - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - -  . . . while talking to mailin - 02 . mx . aol . com  > > > data  < < < 554 transaction failed",1,returned mail response error original message received tue jul following addresses permanent fatal errors transcript session follows talking mailin mx aol com data transaction failed
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe lliustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  rosia ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishing software corei macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corei desiqner quickbooks professional edition adobe pagemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corel painter lx adobe lliustrator cs adobe indesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cooi production studio alias motion builder professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely rosia
"Subject: wti models  stinson and vince ,  i finalized the presentation for john lavorato , he said he is ready  to present it to greg . he is happy with the work we provided .  i will be on vocation starting next week . i attached the simulation models  here in case that you need them . the oc version deals with open - close  trading and cc version deals with continuous trading .  should you have any questions , or need to run different scenarios , please  call me at home . otherwise , i will see you next year .  merry chrismas and happy new year !  zimin",0,wti models stinson vince finalized presentation john lavorato said ready present greg happy work provided vocation starting next week attached simulation models case need oc version deals open close trading cc version deals continuous trading questions need run different scenarios please call home otherwise see next year merry chrismas happy new year zimin
"Subject: fwd curves  margaret ,  the forward power and gas price curves , unlike nymex futures prices ,  are not publicly available and are a closely guarded secret of the trading  desks .  we have no authority to release them without getting the head of the  trading desk involved .  vince",0,fwd curves margaret forward power gas price curves unlike nymex futures prices publicly available closely guarded secret trading desks authority release without getting head trading desk involved vince
"Subject: logistics for the sycamore meeting in chelmsford next week  hi barb , please add the following enron names to your list . i will call to  confirm this later today ( 1 / 28 / 00 ) . krishna and samer , please go ahead and  arrange the travel plans as per the following schedule and my e - mail before .  kind regards ,  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 01 / 28 / 00 11 : 10  am - - - - -  barb . vanbeyrer @ sycamorenet . com  01 / 28 / 00 08 : 56 am  to : phil markwart / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , erik  simpson / enron communications @ enron communications , stinson gibner @ ect , john  griebling / enron communications @ enron communications , allan grimm / enron  communications @ enron communications , dorn hetzel / enron communications @ enron  communications , michael baker / enron communications @ enron communications ,  nicole gilson / enron communications @ enron communications , hardeep  luthra / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications ,  larry . sakauye @ sycamorenet . com , richard reichardt / enron communications @ enron  communications , susan wadle / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : logistics for the sycamore meeting in chelmsford next week  hi phil , here are the logistical details for our meetings next week at  sycamore in chelmsord ( 10 elizabeth drive ) .  hotel : double tree in lowell .  transportation : everyone should fly into boston monday afternoon / early  evening . chelmsford is about 40 - 45 minutes from the airport , more in  traffic . i can arrange for a car service from the airport to the restaurant  monday night for everyone , and have the limo wait for you until we are  through with dinner ( then everyone can leave there bags in the limo ) . if  some or all want to use this car service , i ' ll need their flight information  by friday afternoon so i can make arrangements .  here is the agenda for next week :  monday : dinner at 7 : 30 pm - agresti ' s restaurant , 175 littleton rd ,  westford , ma . directions will immediately follow this email .  tuesday meetings at sycamore 8 : 30 am - 5 : 00 pm  planning session :  - enron ' s business drivers / vision  - enron ' s optical networking architecture  - dinner planned - - location tbd  wednesday meetings at sycamore 8 : 30 am - 5 : 00 pm  planning session :  - detailed route design  - deployment planning  - dinner planned - - location tbd ( boston ? )  thursday meetings at sycamore 8 : 30 am - 4 : 00 pm  - review detailed route designs  - metro area services : access partners  - depart for airport at 4 pm thursday , or friday morning  depending on flight availability  as of this morning , here is the list of enron attendees that we are  expecting :  john griebling  dorn hetzel  phil markwart  ravi thuraisingham  stinson gibner  allan grimm  erik simpson  mike baker  nicole gilson  hardeep luthra  richard reichardt  valient employee ( i have no name as of today )  can you please let me know of any additions or changes to the attendee list ?  and please send this email to anyone planning to attend that is not on the  cc : ' d list . thanks .  please call me today , or over the weekend if you have any questions . my  cell phone number is listed below . look forward to seeing everyone next  week !  barb  barbara van beyrer  national account manager  sycamore networks  office : 503 - 977 - 6354  mobile : 503 - 781 - 0693  fax : 503 - 977 - 6185  barb . vanbeyrer @ sycamorenet . com  www . syacmorenet . com",0,logistics sycamore meeting chelmsford next week hi barb please add following enron names list call confirm later today krishna samer please go ahead arrange travel plans per following schedule e mail kind regards ravi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications barb vanbeyrer sycamorenet com phil markwart enron communications enron communications cc ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications erik simpson enron communications enron communications stinson gibner ect john griebling enron communications enron communications allan grimm enron communications enron communications dorn hetzel enron communications enron communications michael baker enron communications enron communications nicole gilson enron communications enron communications hardeep luthra contractor enron communications enron communications larry sakauye sycamorenet com richard reichardt enron communications enron communications susan wadle enron communications enron communications subject logistics sycamore meeting chelmsford next week hi phil logistical details meetings next week sycamore chelmsord elizabeth drive hotel double tree lowell transportation everyone fly boston monday afternoon early evening chelmsford minutes airport traffic arrange car service airport restaurant monday night everyone limo wait dinner everyone leave bags limo want use car service need flight information friday afternoon make arrangements agenda next week monday dinner pm agresti restaurant littleton rd westford directions immediately follow email tuesday meetings sycamore pm planning session enron business drivers vision enron optical networking architecture dinner planned location tbd wednesday meetings sycamore pm planning session detailed route design deployment planning dinner planned location tbd boston thursday meetings sycamore pm review detailed route designs metro area services access partners depart airport pm thursday friday morning depending flight availability morning list enron attendees expecting john griebling dorn hetzel phil markwart ravi thuraisingham stinson gibner allan grimm erik simpson mike baker nicole gilson hardeep luthra richard reichardt valient employee name today please let know additions changes attendee list please send email anyone planning attend cc list thanks please call today weekend questions cell phone number listed look forward seeing everyone next week barb barbara van beyrer national account manager sycamore networks office mobile fax barb vanbeyrer sycamorenet com www syacmorenet com
"Subject: valuation methodology  we ' ve had a request from aa to provide them with some sort of write - up or documentation from our research group on the valuation methodology used on the contingent issuance instrument for 18 million shares that was a part of the raptor transaction completed at the end of march . apparently , this request has come from aa ' s expert in this area ( i believe that his name is dechundra , or something like that . i ' ve probably destroyed the spelling on that . you guys are probably very familiar with him . ) anyway , is there such documentation that we can provide them easily ? if so , let me know so that we can try to get aa finished with their review of the transaction . in talking to our contacts at aa , i believe that their expert will be wanting to talk to you after he reviews the methodology documentation . thanks ,  ron",0,valuation methodology request aa provide sort write documentation research group valuation methodology used contingent issuance instrument million shares part raptor transaction completed end march apparently request come aa expert area believe name dechundra something like probably destroyed spelling guys probably familiar anyway documentation provide easily let know try get aa finished review transaction talking contacts aa believe expert wanting talk reviews methodology documentation thanks ron
Subject: computers from research group  good morning all :  this past weekend you moved two computers from ebl 972 b and 1972 g  and were supposed to install them in ebl 941 and eb 1952 . what  happened ? there is no computer in eb 1941 and only the monitor in  eb 1952 . we need this equipment back . please install as soon as  possible .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley  3 - 5290,0,computers research group good morning past weekend moved two computers ebl b g supposed install ebl eb happened computer eb monitor eb need equipment back please install soon possible thanks great day shirley
"Subject: "" help millions "" - pledge today !  thank you for attending one of the executive breakfasts held at depelchin  children  , s center this week . seeing is believing . i hope you enjoyed seeing  first hand how the dollars you give really do make a difference .  as was mentioned in the breakfasts , it is very easy to make your contribution  this year by simply clicking on the united way link ,  http : / / unitedway . enron . com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape  and type in unitedway . enron . com in the address field . either option should  take you directly to enron  , s united way 2000 campaign site . pledge cards  will not be distributed this year , so please make your pledge electronically  - it only takes minutes !  please call me at 713 / 853 - 3264 if you have questions or have any difficulties  at all accessing the site .  thanks again ! your participation is important to the success of the campaign .",0,help millions pledge today thank attending one executive breakfasts held depelchin children center week seeing believing hope enjoyed seeing first hand dollars give really make difference mentioned breakfasts easy make contribution year simply clicking united way link http unitedway enron com go directly internet explorer netscape type unitedway enron com address field either option take directly enron united way campaign site pledge cards distributed year please make pledge electronically takes minutes please call questions difficulties accessing site thanks participation important success campaign
"Subject: research group move to the 19 th floor  hello all :  in case any of you feel energetic , "" the boxes are here "" . they are located  at 2963 b ( michael sergeev ' s old desk ) . feel free to take as many as  you will need . be sure to label everything with your new office location .  if your file cabinets lock , you can just label them and lock them .  again , listed below is your new office location :  stinson gibner eb 1936  joseph hrgovcic eb 1947  paulo issler eb 1935  vince kaminski eb 1933  krishna krishnarao eb 1938  martin lin eb 1930 e  grant masson eb 1941  kevin moore eb 1944  maureen raymond eb 1928  mike roberts eb 1945  vasant shanbhogue eb 1949  vincent tang eb 1934  ravi thuraisingham eb 1932  zimin lu eb 1942  if you have any questions , or need any assistance , please contact me , kevin ,  or sam .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley  3 - 5290",0,research group move th floor hello case feel energetic boxes located b michael sergeev old desk feel free take many need sure label everything new office location file cabinets lock label lock listed new office location stinson gibner eb joseph hrgovcic eb paulo issler eb vince kaminski eb krishna krishnarao eb martin lin eb e grant masson eb kevin moore eb maureen raymond eb mike roberts eb vasant shanbhogue eb vincent tang eb ravi thuraisingham eb zimin lu eb questions need assistance please contact kevin sam thanks great day shirley
"Subject: biliana ' s resume  geynille ,  i understand you are in charge of recruiting at the uofh . i am forwarding to  you the resume  of one of the students of the university of houston .  she is involved with the international organization called aiesec and i was  most  impressed by her organizational skills and professional attitude . i used  to work as a volunteer for this organization many years ago and i am  still helping their local chapter .  as far as i know , she signed up for an interview with enron .  vince kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 09 / 29 / 2000  02 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  biliana pehlivanova on 09 / 28 / 2000 06 : 02 : 20 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : biliana ' s resume  mr . kaminski ,  thank you for referring me to your recruitment  representative .  attached is my resume . i would appreciate you letting  me know the name of the hr person whom i can folow up  with .  best regards ,  biliana  = = = = =  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  biliana pehlivanova  vice president of incoming exchange  aiesec houston  713 743 - 4927  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! photos - 35 mm quality prints , now get 15 free !  http : / / photos . yahoo . com /  - biliana ' s resume . doc",0,biliana resume geynille understand charge recruiting uofh forwarding resume one students university houston involved international organization called aiesec impressed organizational skills professional attitude used work volunteer organization many years ago still helping local chapter far know signed interview enron vince kaminski forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm biliana pehlivanova pm vkamins enron com cc subject biliana resume mr kaminski thank referring recruitment representative attached resume would appreciate letting know name hr person folow best regards biliana biliana pehlivanova vice president incoming exchange aiesec houston yahoo yahoo photos mm quality prints get free http photos yahoo com biliana resume doc
"Subject: re : brazil  fyi . this is a deal i ' ve been helping them value correctly .  here remi is , ostensibly the head of trading in brazil , and he doesn ' t even  know what a digital option is . scary !  grant .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 03 / 30 / 2000 10 : 23  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  remi collonges @ enron _ development  03 / 29 / 2000 07 : 53 am  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : odebrecht / ita deal  thanks for taking the time to look at this transaction . i ' m currently trying  to understand what a digital option is , but besides this i can say you ' ve got  it right .  remi",0,brazil fyi deal helping value correctly remi ostensibly head trading brazil even know digital option scary grant forwarded grant masson hou ect remi collonges enron development grant masson hou ect ect cc subject odebrecht ita deal thanks taking time look transaction currently trying understand digital option besides say got right remi
"Subject: sap expense report form  with the implementation of sap , the employee expense report form has been  modified to reflect the new coding system . the procedures for its use are  unchanged , but there are some cosmetic differences . one item to note : the  form no longer requires entry of your social security number ; instead use  your new personnel number assigned through human resources ( see  http : / / hrweb . enron . com ) . for electronically submitted expense reports , enter  the same number on the receipt envelope .  the form is now available at the sap website . to access the form :  from the enron home page , go to the sap intranet site http : / / sap . enron . com  choose one of the following paths :  click on quick reference tools on the left menu  click drop - down arrow for accounts payable forms  click sap expense report form  click on forms and procedures library on the left menu  click drop - down arrow for accounts payable forms  click sap expense report form  wait for it to load  click enable macros ( or yes , allow macros )  after you enter the data , save as excel workbook ( . xls file extension ) with a  new filename . do not save as excel template ( . xlt extension ) .  you may print the spreadsheet for submission to accounts payable , or attach  it to notes for electronic submission . instructions are available at the  website , on the same drop down box as the form .  if you have any questions , contact the center of expertise ( coe ) at 713  345 - 7427 .",0,sap expense report form implementation sap employee expense report form modified reflect new coding system procedures use unchanged cosmetic differences one item note form longer requires entry social security number instead use new personnel number assigned human resources see http hrweb enron com electronically submitted expense reports enter number receipt envelope form available sap website access form enron home page go sap intranet site http sap enron com choose one following paths click quick reference tools left menu click drop arrow accounts payable forms click sap expense report form click forms procedures library left menu click drop arrow accounts payable forms click sap expense report form wait load click enable macros yes allow macros enter data save excel workbook xls file extension new filename save excel template xlt extension may print spreadsheet submission accounts payable attach notes electronic submission instructions available website drop box form questions contact center expertise coe
"Subject: re : grades  pam ,  the students resent the documents .  the group members :  rakhi israni  felix feng lu  winny so  orlandotaylor  sanjay wankhade  ning zhang  grade : a  separately , i think i have sent you already :  jeffrey planck  grade : a  please , confirm this message .  vince kaminski",0,grades pam students resent documents group members rakhi israni felix feng lu winny orlandotaylor sanjay wankhade ning zhang grade separately think sent already jeffrey planck grade please confirm message vince kaminski
"Subject: thanks again  vince :  i ' m looking forward to getting your outline on the economic paradigm . i hope  that , among all the paper i ' ve bombarded you with over the last few weeks , i  have included a reprint of a fall 1998 jacf article entitled "" how to use eva  in the oil and gas industry . "" if this is not among the things i have left you  with , i ' d be happy to send you a copy .  the discussion of hydrocarbon reserve values is very much along the lines we  have been discussing .  best regards ,",0,thanks vince looking forward getting outline economic paradigm hope among paper bombarded last weeks included reprint fall jacf article entitled use eva oil gas industry among things left happy send copy discussion hydrocarbon reserve values much along lines discussing best regards
"Subject: risk and purchasing meeting  due to time constraints on mr . kaminski ' s schedule during the time that you  all are in town from portland , the meeting being held on august 9 , 2000 in  eb - 45 cl must be held to one hour ( 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm )  please have your questions , comments , and / or materials ready in advance and  expect this to be a fast paced meeting .  kristin j . harrelson  enron broadband services , inc .  procurement , logistics , and contracts  1400 smith , suite eb - 4573 a  houston , tx 77002  phone : 713 . 853 . 6814  fax : 713 . 646 . 8582  cell : 713 . 594 . 1385 ",0,risk purchasing meeting due time constraints mr kaminski schedule time town portland meeting held august eb cl must held one hour pm please questions comments materials ready advance expect fast paced meeting kristin j harrelson enron broadband services inc procurement logistics contracts smith suite eb houston tx phone fax cell
"Subject: meeting confirmed : mit / aa new value research lab  this will confirm the meeting requested below . please note , all invitees are  not available , but the confirmed meeting time is the best time for most of  the invitees .  date : thursday - august 10  time : 11 : 00 a to noon  place : conference room 4741  confirmed attendees : rick causey  marie hejka  steve kean  amy oberg  mark palmer  mark ruane  thanks for your help , everyone .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carol moffett / hou / ees on 08 / 03 / 2000 04 : 03  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron energy services  from : carol moffett 08 / 02 / 2000 03 : 44 pm  phone no : 713 - 853 - 6658 phone  888 - 782 - 3518 pager  eb 613 b  to : ginger dernehl / hou / ees @ ees , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , karen k  heathman / hou / ect @ ect , sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron , laura  gutierrez / hou / ect @ ect , laura valencia / corp / enron @ enron , patty  pennington / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : steven j kean / hou / ees @ ees , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , rick  buy / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , mark ruane / hou / ect @ ect ,  mark koenig / corp / enron @ enron , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , amy  oberg / hou / ees @ ees , marie hejka / corp / enron @ enron  subject : meeting request : mit / aa new value research lab  good afternoon . i am assisting amy oberg with setting up a meeting among the  individuals listed below . would you be so kind as to review their calendars  and let me know if they are available during any of the suggested meeting  times .  meeting topic : mit / aa new value research lab  meeting purpose : follow up to discussion from 8 / 1 / 00 ; rick causey to brief  group on  conversations w / aa regarding "" where they intend to go with this effort "" .  attendees : steve kean  vince kaminski  rick buy  rick causey  mark ruane  mark koenig  mark palmer  amy oberg  marie hejka  suggested meeting dates and times :  thursday - august 10 anytime between 8 : 00 a and 10 : 00 a  thursday - august 10 11 : 00 to noon  friday - august 11 anytime between 8 : 00 a and 9 : 30 a  friday - august 11 1 : 00 p to 2 : 00 p  thank you .",0,meeting confirmed mit aa new value research lab confirm meeting requested please note invitees available confirmed meeting time best time invitees date thursday august time noon place conference room confirmed attendees rick causey marie hejka steve kean amy oberg mark palmer mark ruane thanks help everyone forwarded carol moffett hou ees pm enron energy services carol moffett pm phone phone pager eb b ginger dernehl hou ees ees shirley crenshaw hou ect ect karen k heathman hou ect ect sharron westbrook corp enron enron laura gutierrez hou ect ect laura valencia corp enron enron patty pennington enron communications enron communications cc steven j kean hou ees ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect rick buy hou ect ect richard causey corp enron enron mark ruane hou ect ect mark koenig corp enron enron mark palmer corp enron enron amy oberg hou ees ees marie hejka corp enron enron subject meeting request mit aa new value research lab good afternoon assisting amy oberg setting meeting among individuals listed would kind review calendars let know available suggested meeting times meeting topic mit aa new value research lab meeting purpose follow discussion rick causey brief group conversations w aa regarding intend go effort attendees steve kean vince kaminski rick buy rick causey mark ruane mark koenig mark palmer amy oberg marie hejka suggested meeting dates times thursday august anytime thursday august noon friday august anytime friday august p p thank
"Subject: pricing default and our may 22 conference call  julia ,  i am sending you a copy of the nondisclosure agreement i received from a  professor at ut  austin . three ut academics developed a model that may be useful in our pricing  applications . they envisage the possibility of either selling this model to  enron or of joint research  effort in this area .  can you , please , take a look at the attached legal document .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000  08 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sheridan titman on 05 / 17 / 2000 08 : 56 : 42 am  to : sheridan titman ,  "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc : "" ' vkaminski @ aol . com ' "" , "" ' shirley crenshaw ' ""  subject : pricing default and our may 22 conference call  >  dear vince :  i spoke with ms crenshaw yesterday afternoon about a conference call about  developing internet course material . if you have already discussed this  with your colleagues , it might be helpful if you could very briefly outline  the questions and issues they might raise in the conference call so that i  can be a bit better prepared .  ms crenshaw also mentioned that you never received my earlier email  regarding the credit spread model i developed with stathis and sergey . my  earlier email follows , and the nondisclosure agreement is attached .  i look forward to talking with you next week .  regards ,  sheridan  sheridan titman  department of finance  college of business administration  university of texas  austin , texas 78712 - 1179  512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone )  512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax )  titman @ mail . utexas . edu  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : sheridan titman  > sent : friday , may 05 , 2000 12 : 48 pm  > to : ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com '  > cc : stathis tompaidis  > subject : pricing default  >  >  > dear vince :  >  > i really enjoyed meeting with you yesterday and learned a lot from our  > discussions .  >  > the ut office of technology licensing and intellectual property has given  > us the attached form which they would like you to sign before we send you  > a copy of our paper on pricing default . please let me know if this is  > agreeable to you .  >  > i hope we have the opportunity to work with you in the future , either on  > the debt pricing models or on the other issues we discussed .  >  > i look forward to hearing from you .  >  > regards ,  >  > sheridan  >  > >  > sheridan titman  > department of finance  > college of business administration  > university of texas  > austin , texas 78712 - 1179  >  > 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone )  > 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax )  >  > titman @ mail . utexas . edu  >  - nondisclosure agreement . doc",0,pricing default may conference call julia sending copy nondisclosure agreement received professor ut austin three ut academics developed model may useful pricing applications envisage possibility either selling model enron joint research effort area please take look attached legal document vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect sheridan titman sheridan titman vince j kaminski enron com cc vkaminski aol com shirley crenshaw subject pricing default may conference call dear vince spoke ms crenshaw yesterday afternoon conference call developing internet course material already discussed colleagues might helpful could briefly outline questions issues might raise conference call bit better prepared ms crenshaw also mentioned never received earlier email regarding credit spread model developed stathis sergey earlier email follows nondisclosure agreement attached look forward talking next week regards sheridan sheridan titman department finance college business administration university texas austin texas phone fax titman mail utexas edu original message sheridan titman sent friday may pm vince j kaminski enron com cc stathis tompaidis subject pricing default dear vince really enjoyed meeting yesterday learned lot discussions ut office technology licensing intellectual property given us attached form would like sign send copy paper pricing default please let know agreeable hope opportunity work future either debt pricing models issues discussed look forward hearing regards sheridan sheridan titman department finance college business administration university texas austin texas phone fax titman mail utexas edu nondisclosure agreement doc
"Subject: bettter control  hello , welcome to phar christy monline bobcat shop  - one of the leading o tarrock niine pharmaceutical shops  intoxicate v  diatonic g  oilplant al  parian ll  l galvanize a  r catalysis ac venter l  i dischargee s entente va  magnitude um  andmanyother .  - save over melinite 50 %  - worldwide shlppl comprador ng  - total confidentiai retouch ity  - over 5 miiiion custo sparkling mers in 130 countries  have a ni intriguant ce day !",1,bettter control hello welcome phar christy monline bobcat shop one leading tarrock niine pharmaceutical shops intoxicate v diatonic g oilplant al parian l galvanize r catalysis ac venter l dischargee entente va magnitude um andmanyother save melinite worldwide shlppl comprador ng total confidentiai retouch ity miiiion custo sparkling mers countries ni intriguant ce day
"Subject: re : the garp 2001 convention : invitation to speak  andreas ,  this looks ok . i look forward to receiving a formal confirmation from you .  vince  "" andreas simou "" on 08 / 17 / 2000 11 : 49 : 29 am  to :  cc :  subject : re : the garp 2001 convention : invitation to speak  dear mr kaminski  thank you very much for agreeing to speak at the garp 2001 convention .  i will be sending you a formal letter of confirmation in the next few days ,  in the meantime i have selected the session below for you and included some  preliminary details ; are these correct ? i apologize if your details are not  correct but this is the information that was available to me . is the title  of the session to you liking , or would you like to ' spice it up ' a little ?  measuring energy risk - tackling price volatility , adapting var , scenario  modelling and regulatory requirements  vince kaminski , head of quantitative research , enron energy  once again , thank you for agreeing to participate and i look forward to  working with you on this event .  kind regards  andreas  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc :  sent : thursday , august 17 , 2000 5 : 22 pm  subject : re : the garp 2001 convention : invitation to speak  andreas ,  i shall be glad to speak . i can address topic 2 or 4  ( energy risk or volatility ) .  vince kaminski  "" andreas simou "" on 08 / 15 / 2000 09 : 58 : 26  am  to :  cc :  subject : the garp 2001 convention : invitation to speak  invitation to speak  garp 2001  the 2 nd annual risk management convention  13 ( superscript : th ) & 14 ( superscript : th ) february , 2001 ? marriott world  trade center , new york  dear kaminski  further to my telephone conversation today with your secretary , shirley  crenshaw , and on behalf of the global association of risk professionals , i  have great pleasure in inviting you to speak at our 2 ( superscript : nd )  annual risk management convention ? garp 2001 .  this event has rapidly establishing itself as the risk management  industry ' s most important meeting point . garp 2000 reflected the key  concerns of risk management experts world - wide , with over 400 attendees in  its first year . three simultaneous streams address traditional pricing and  risk management techniques , along with specialised streams addressing new  sectors , such as the corporate world and the insurance industry . with a  speaker panel of over 55 senior and executive financial professionals from  investment banks , regulatory bodies , asset management firms , academics ,  insurers / re - insurers , corporate and system providers this is the financial  risk management event of the year .  key areas that this convention will consider include market risk ( stress  testing , liquidity , jump diffusion , evt ) , credit risk ( regulation ,  modeling , stress testing , credit portfolio management , credit  derivatives ) , operational risk , ( regulation , data , modeling , validation ,  evt ) advanced asset & liability management , corporate / energy risk  management and the insurance & capital markets .  from my research and discussions with experts in this arena your name was  highly recommended as a speaker for this event . below is the stream on  corporate / energy risk management and i had in mind one of the sessions  below for you . also , the topic titles are provisional and i am open to  suggested alterations .  corporate / energy risk management  modelling corporate risk ? risk management from a shareholder value  perspective  measuring energy risk ? tackling price volatility , adapting var ,  scenario modelling and regulatory requirements  forward pricing ? construction of the forward curve , correlations ,  transparency issues  the volatility challenge ? modelling price volatility and examining the  new products designed to stabilise volatility  energy credit risk management  garp is a not - for - profit , independent organisation of risk management  practitioners and researchers from leading financial institutions  world - wide . garp ' s mission is to facilitate the exchange of information ,  developing educational programs and promoting standards in the area of  financial risk management . for more information please refer to our web  site : www . garp . com  i sincerely hope you will be able to accept this invitation and i look  forward to hearing from you in due course . should you have any questions  please do not hesitate to contact me , otherwise i will call you again on  to discuss this further .  best regards  andreas  ps i have also attached a copy of garps 2000 program for your attention .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  andreas simou  garp 2001 - conference producer  tel + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301  fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900  ( see attached file : draft programme . doc )  ( see attached file : g 2000 b & wlowr . pdf )",0,garp convention invitation speak andreas looks ok look forward receiving formal confirmation vince andreas simou cc subject garp convention invitation speak dear mr kaminski thank much agreeing speak garp convention sending formal letter confirmation next days meantime selected session included preliminary details correct apologize details correct information available title session liking would like spice little measuring energy risk tackling price volatility adapting var scenario modelling regulatory requirements vince kaminski head quantitative research enron energy thank agreeing participate look forward working event kind regards andreas original message cc sent thursday august pm subject garp convention invitation speak andreas shall glad speak address topic energy risk volatility vince kaminski andreas simou cc subject garp convention invitation speak invitation speak garp nd annual risk management convention superscript th superscript th february marriott world trade center new york dear kaminski telephone conversation today secretary shirley crenshaw behalf global association risk professionals great pleasure inviting speak superscript nd annual risk management convention garp event rapidly establishing risk management industry important meeting point garp reflected key concerns risk management experts world wide attendees first year three simultaneous streams address traditional pricing risk management techniques along specialised streams addressing new sectors corporate world insurance industry speaker panel senior executive financial professionals investment banks regulatory bodies asset management firms academics insurers insurers corporate system providers financial risk management event year key areas convention consider include market risk stress testing liquidity jump diffusion evt credit risk regulation modeling stress testing credit portfolio management credit derivatives operational risk regulation data modeling validation evt advanced asset liability management corporate energy risk management insurance capital markets research discussions experts arena name highly recommended speaker event stream corporate energy risk management mind one sessions also topic titles provisional open suggested alterations corporate energy risk management modelling corporate risk risk management shareholder value perspective measuring energy risk tackling price volatility adapting var scenario modelling regulatory requirements forward pricing construction forward curve correlations transparency issues volatility challenge modelling price volatility examining new products designed stabilise volatility energy credit risk management garp profit independent organisation risk management practitioners researchers leading financial institutions world wide garp mission facilitate exchange information developing educational programs promoting standards area financial risk management information please refer web site www garp com sincerely hope able accept invitation look forward hearing due course questions please hesitate contact otherwise call discuss best regards andreas ps also attached copy garps program attention andreas simou garp conference producer tel fax see attached file draft programme doc see attached file g b wlowr pdf
"Subject: my first draft  dear dr . kaminski  this is quentin kerr again from australia . as i mentioned brefore , my paper  will be ready soon . please find out the attachment with the draft of my  paper ( hasn ' t submitted yet ) . there are always some errors in my paper .  please read it , give me some suggestions . any comments will be appreciated .  by the way , i would like to ask you , have you received my resume ? i sent it  to you about two weeks ago .  ps : attached with the pdf file .  thanks  quentin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au  room : 67 - 622 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428  department of mathematics , the university of queensland  - jumpl . pdf",0,first draft dear dr kaminski quentin kerr australia mentioned brefore paper ready soon please find attachment draft paper submitted yet always errors paper please read give suggestions comments appreciated way would like ask received resume sent two weeks ago ps attached pdf file thanks quentin quentin kerr email qkerr maths uq edu au room tel department mathematics university queensland jumpl pdf
"Subject: message 3  ps : attached with the flyer of the conference .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au  room : 67 - 622 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428  department of mathematics , the university of queensland  - engy . pdf",0,message ps attached flyer conference quentin kerr email qkerr maths uq edu au room tel department mathematics university queensland engy pdf
"Subject: new love tabs shop .  visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other love enhancers aii in one !  operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and complete confidentiality !  click here to find your verifled by bbb and approved by visa iove pil 1 ! ",1,new love tabs shop visit llcensed online dragstore best inexpensive love drags viagra ciaiis softtabs many love enhancers aii one operative support fast shipping secure payment processing complete confidentiality click find verifled bbb approved visa iove pil
"Subject: keep your home safe  u . s . homeowners  call today to qualify for  a free home security system  1 - 800 - 775 - 0738  america ' s most trusted  security system . . .  the most  comprehensive  security package  ever offered free !  over 135 , 000  families made  the right  choice !  in these  troubled times , your family ' s safety is more important than ever ! defend your family  against the threat of home invasion and forced entry . make sure you ' re  prepared to get help in the event of an emergency . take advantage of  the following special offer .  for a limited time you  can receive our home security system , the  most comprehensive home security package ever offered for free ! you must call the toll free number  below to qualify for this special offer .  you  don ' t have to be a victim ! intelligent homeowners are  awakening to one undeniable fact . studies show burglars will commit crimes  somewhere else when confronted with a monitored security system . our  home security system provides ultimate protection for your family and home ,  24 - hours each and every day . the bad guys will have to go elsewhere to find  their victim .  state - of - the - art  wireless technology ! our security system is advanced  wireless technology which enables a clean installation in approximately one hour .  no holes to drill , no unsightly wires to run .  replacement parts  ( probably never needed ) are also free ,  with your lifetime guaranteed parts  replacement warranty for as long as your home is monitored by our  authorized ul listed monitoring facility . that tells you the confidence we  place in our product ' s quality .  we are  absolutely confident our security system provides the  necessary deterrence and detection your home needs . to prove it , the company will pay your insurance deductible ( up to  $ 250 . 00 ) in the unlikely event you suffer a loss from an unwanted  intrusion . you also may be eligible for up to  20 % in insurance premium discounts .  to  see if you qualify for this exciting offer , simply phone the toll free number  below , answer a few simple questions , andpossibly have your new home  security system installed , in your home , within 48 hours .  call now ! !  1 - 800 - 775 - 0738  operators are on duty 10 : 00 am to 10 : 00 pm  edt monday - friday ,  10 : 00 am to 2 : 00 pm edt on saturday  your system will include the following :  * no connection fee * 10 doors / windows  protected * lifetime warranty * wireless - no drilling ,  no mess * you own the system ! * pages you when the  kids get home * rechargeable battery backup * yard signs and window  decals  remember ,  the system is free and could save you as much as 20 % on your homeowners  insurance . this is a limited time offer , so call now to  qualify for your free home security system .  call today !  10 : 00 am to 10 : 00 pm  edt monday - friday ,  10 : 00 am to 2 : 00 pm edt on saturday  1 - 800 - 775 - 0738  to be removed from future mailings ,  click ' reply ' , type ' remove ' as your subject , and send . ",1,keep home safe u homeowners call today qualify free home security system america trusted security system comprehensive security package ever offered free families made right choice troubled times family safety important ever defend family threat home invasion forced entry make sure prepared get help event emergency take advantage following special offer limited time receive home security system comprehensive home security package ever offered free must call toll free number qualify special offer victim intelligent homeowners awakening one undeniable fact studies show burglars commit crimes somewhere else confronted monitored security system home security system provides ultimate protection family home hours every day bad guys go elsewhere find victim state art wireless technology security system advanced wireless technology enables clean installation approximately one hour holes drill unsightly wires run replacement parts probably never needed also free lifetime guaranteed parts replacement warranty long home monitored authorized ul listed monitoring facility tells confidence place product quality absolutely confident security system provides necessary deterrence detection home needs prove company pay insurance deductible unlikely event suffer loss unwanted intrusion also may eligible insurance premium discounts see qualify exciting offer simply phone toll free number answer simple questions andpossibly new home security system installed home within hours call operators duty pm edt monday friday pm edt saturday system include following connection fee doors windows protected lifetime warranty wireless drilling mess system pages kids get home rechargeable battery backup yard signs window decals remember system free could save much homeowners insurance limited time offer call qualify free home security system call today pm edt monday friday pm edt saturday removed future mailings click reply type remove subject send
Subject: research get - together at sandeep kohli ' s new home  hello everyone :  here is your invitation and a map to sandeep ' s home .  see you saturday !,0,research get together sandeep kohli new home hello everyone invitation map sandeep home see saturday
"Subject: update on mg var model  hi vince ,  thanks for the e - mail . we have included live links to price curves through  reuters quotes via telerate bridge but we still have static curves for gold  and cocoa . kirstee is talking to andreas in ny to obtain position files on a  daily basis , addressing point 2 ) in your e - mail , as well as looking into  longer term integration issues . cantekin and i have agreed the correct  correlations for the metals between us , but cantekin is currently checking  the correlations for silver and gold . preliminary results based on positions  as of 19 th july are as follows :  we noticed that position mapping at the front months can change var  significantly .  as you stated , kirstee hewitt will now be assuming responsibility for further  modifications to the model on the london side and to this end i have ensured  that kirstee is put in touch with key personnel like andreas ( andreas will be  in the london office next week ) and has access to all the information she  needs .  regards ,  anjam ahmad  research  x 35383  spreadsheet :",0,update mg var model hi vince thanks e mail included live links price curves reuters quotes via telerate bridge still static curves gold cocoa kirstee talking andreas ny obtain position files daily basis addressing point e mail well looking longer term integration issues cantekin agreed correct correlations metals us cantekin currently checking correlations silver gold preliminary results based positions th july follows noticed position mapping front months change var significantly stated kirstee hewitt assuming responsibility modifications model london side end ensured kirstee put touch key personnel like andreas andreas london office next week access information needs regards anjam ahmad research x spreadsheet
"Subject: cera conference call and web presentation : winter weather  scenarios . . . - cera conference call  cera conference call : sent fri , november 10 , 2000  title : cera conference call and web presentation : winter weather scenarios . . .  author : n . american gas team  e - mail category : conference call  product line : north american gas ,  url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u = 5166 netscape navigator 3 . 02 or  higher ; or sun hot java ( tm )  * close all desktop applications and disable your screen  saver  technical assistance  u . s . callers : if you are experiencing difficulties  during the call , you may signal for technical assistance  by pressing * 0 ( star , zero ) on your telephone keypad  after you have connected to the audio portion of the  conference .  international callers : please re - dial and ask the  operator for assistance before giving the confirmation  code .  a recording of this call ( audio only ) will be available  until december 17 , 2000 . to access this recording ,  please call 1 - 888 - 203 - 1112 ( within the u . s . ) or ( 719 )  457 - 0820 ( outside the u . s . ) . please use confirmation  number 432374 to access the call .  if you have any questions , please contact mary rice via  e - mail at mrice @ cera . com , or via telephone at ( 617 ) 498 -  9123 .  * * end * *  follow url for html version of this message only .  account changes  to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail  address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information  from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is  confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,  distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,  in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates",0,cera conference call web presentation winter weather scenarios cera conference call cera conference call sent fri november title cera conference call web presentation winter weather scenarios author n american gas team e mail category conference call product line north american gas url http www cera com cfm track eprofile cfm u netscape navigator higher sun hot java tm close desktop applications disable screen saver technical assistance u callers experiencing difficulties call may signal technical assistance pressing star zero telephone keypad connected audio portion conference international callers please dial ask operator assistance giving confirmation code recording call audio available december access recording please call within u outside u please use confirmation number access call questions please contact mary rice via e mail mrice cera com via telephone end follow url html version message account changes edit personal account information including e mail address etc go http eprofile cera com cfm edit account cfm electronic message attachments contain information cambridge energy research associates inc cera confidential may privileged unauthorized disclosure copying distribution use contents message attachments whole part strictly prohibited terms use http www cera com tos html questions comments webmaster cera com copyright cambridge energy research associates
Subject: re : notice of end probation  i would like to pass sharad ' s probationary period .  steve  london hrservice centre  25 / 01 / 2001 10 : 49  sent by : zoe michael  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : notice of end probation  notice of end of probation  i am writing to inform you that the six month probationary period for sharad  agnihotri is due to end on the 21 / 02 / 2001 .  please can you let me know as soon as possible if you want to :  * pass the probationary period  * fail the probationary period * *  * * in this case you will need to discuss with human resources  if the probationary period is passed i will send out a letter to this effect  for you to sign and pass to your employee .  thank you  zoe,0,notice end probation would like pass sharad probationary period steve london hrservice centre sent zoe michael steven leppard lon ect ect cc subject notice end probation notice end probation writing inform six month probationary period sharad agnihotri due end please let know soon possible want pass probationary period fail probationary period case need discuss human resources probationary period passed send letter effect sign pass employee thank zoe
"Subject: fwd : our conversation today  return - path :  from : awenda 2000 @ cs . com  full - name : awenda 2000  message - id :  date : mon , 4 dec 2000 12 : 47 : 07 est  subject : our conversation today  to : wkamins @ enron . com  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary = "" part 2 _ 3 b . d 386 bc 9 . 275 d 329 b _ boundary ""  x - mailer : unknown sub 111  hi wincenty ,  it was a pleasure talking to you today . i am enclosing my resume and look  forward to talking to you again .  best regards  bibianna  - bibianna res . # 2 . doc",0,fwd conversation today return path awenda cs com full name awenda message id date mon dec est subject conversation today wkamins enron com mime version content type multipart mixed boundary part b bc b boundary x mailer unknown sub hi wincenty pleasure talking today enclosing resume look forward talking best regards bibianna bibianna res doc
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe goiive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corei painter ix  $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  clemmie ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professional adobe premiere pro corel designer quickbooks professionai edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe goiive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere eiements corei painter ix adobe lilustrator cs adobe indesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cool production studio aiias motion buiider professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop eiements adobe premiere pro learn sincereiy clemmie
Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the request you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 uznuy  order for : vince  1 x ( compaq armada m 700 $ 2722 ) enron it purchasing  * please send all status inquiries regarding this request to :  mailto : receiving & hardware @ enron . com,0,confirmation order automatic confirmation request placed using central request number ecth uznuy order vince x compaq armada enron purchasing please send status inquiries regarding request mailto receiving hardware enron com
"Subject: james valverde - interview schedule  attached you will find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .  the interview will happen thursday , february 1 , 2001 . please print all  three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or  conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  sasha divelbiss  58714",0,james valverde interview schedule attached find interview packet referenced person interview happen thursday february please print three documents hard copies questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact sasha divelbiss
"Subject: alex tartakovski  as you may know , we are trying to schedule an interview for alex tartakovski  in houston this week . i am copying everyone involved because i wont be able  to coordinate this tomorrow . we just brought our new daughter home today and  my wife is yelling at me to get out of my office .  i just found out that thursday & friday are bad days for him , so wednesday is  the only day to do it this week . he would come down tuesday night and fly  out wednesday evening . it ' s probably easiest for him to arrange his flight ,  but he will need a hotel and transportation from the airport . i gave him  donna ' s phone number for help . i assume the hyatt would be best . his home  number is 215 - 702 - 3705 and during the day his cellular is 267 - 981 - 5425 .  by way of background , i plan to bring in 3 people from outside the company to  fill in some of the "" vacants "" in my group ' s org chart . the 3 areas of  specialization that are needed to execute the business plan are ( 1 )  coordination of origination , ( 2 ) deal pricing and underwriting , and ( 3 )  modeling and portfolio management . alex is the perfect person for # 3 . he  has the deepest knowledge of probability of anyone i know and is efficient at  building analysis models , which will be a big job in this business because  portfolio management needs to be redefined in real time due to the lumpiness  of insurance contracts and the lack of any historical methods for evaluating  these risks . development of pricing models will be a joint effort between  "" my "" group and the research dept because this will need to draw on the  expertise in research as well as being a realtime activity as new deals are  being structured . i want to encourage joint work between vasant / amitava  and alex because his background and expertise is compatible with research .  over the past 2 years , alex and i spent a lot of time developing new  electricity spot pricing methodology and this is one area where he excels . i  would expect that he would be a valuable resource in research as well , and so  i would like for him to be able to meet with vince is possible . ( this could  possibly be done when vince is in philadelphia next week if there is time -  ( ? ) ) depending on what work needs to be done in the future , i could see him  working both on pricing research and this specific business unit .  i have attached alex ' s resume . i assume he would be manager level , but i ' m  not sure of this .  this doesnt necessarily come across in the resume , but the skills that are  useful to us are :  probability / statistical model development  development of theoretical pricing methodology  excellent computer programming skills  database development and data analysis  he has the best understanding of the nerc reliability data format outside of  mike curley , the nerc data manager .  designed and wrote the code for the pricing model used by ace power products  for deal pricing and porfolio mgmt .  excellent understanding of options pricing methodology and its application to  hedging insurance portfolios .  if you want to get into superconductor trading , he can design the standards .  can beat me at atari battlezone ( as well as being able to navigate a real  tank through a minefield ) .  one objective of this meeting in houston is to make him feel comfortable with  the organization ( with which you did such a good job for me ) and to give him  confidence that he will be able to do state - of - the - art pricing research in  the most innovative company in the world . he is also interviewing for a job  in morgan stanley ' s equity dept .  we will also arrange a meeting with per in ny , but i would like to be in the  office for that , so we can do that next week .  please call me @ 610 - 996 - 2522 if there are any questions . i may not pick up  but i will reply to voicemail promptly . i ' m up 24 hours this week anyway .  thanks ,  - - dave",0,alex tartakovski may know trying schedule interview alex tartakovski houston week copying everyone involved wont able coordinate tomorrow brought new daughter home today wife yelling get office found thursday friday bad days wednesday day week would come tuesday night fly wednesday evening probably easiest arrange flight need hotel transportation airport gave donna phone number help assume hyatt would best home number day cellular way background plan bring people outside company fill vacants group org chart areas specialization needed execute business plan coordination origination deal pricing underwriting modeling portfolio management alex perfect person deepest knowledge probability anyone know efficient building analysis models big job business portfolio management needs redefined real time due lumpiness insurance contracts lack historical methods evaluating risks development pricing models joint effort group research dept need draw expertise research well realtime activity new deals structured want encourage joint work vasant amitava alex background expertise compatible research past years alex spent lot time developing new electricity spot pricing methodology one area excels would expect would valuable resource research well would like able meet vince possible could possibly done vince philadelphia next week time depending work needs done future could see working pricing research specific business unit attached alex resume assume would manager level sure doesnt necessarily come across resume skills useful us probability statistical model development development theoretical pricing methodology excellent computer programming skills database development data analysis best understanding nerc reliability data format outside mike curley nerc data manager designed wrote code pricing model used ace power products deal pricing porfolio mgmt excellent understanding options pricing methodology application hedging insurance portfolios want get superconductor trading design standards beat atari battlezone well able navigate real tank minefield one objective meeting houston make feel comfortable organization good job give confidence able state art pricing research innovative company world also interviewing job morgan stanley equity dept also arrange meeting per ny would like office next week please call questions may pick reply voicemail promptly hours week anyway thanks dave
"Subject: re : high - end desktop computing ?  hi mark :  please order an 800 mhz machine with 512 mb of ram , and a large ( 17 "" + )  flat - screen monitor for clayton vernon . our co . # is 0011 and our rc # is  100038 . ( is the large screen a 17 "" or a 20 "" ? )  if you need anything else , please let me know .  thanks mark and have a great day !  shirley  3 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2000  07 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 17 / 2000 04 : 25 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  shirley ,  yes , it will be a swap of one machine for another .  vince  shirley crenshaw  03 / 17 / 2000 12 : 17 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  vince :  is this ok to order ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000  12 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  clayton vernon @ enron  03 / 17 / 2000 09 : 34 am  to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  mark -  shirley will order an 800 mhz machine with 512 mb of ram , and a large ( 17 "" + )  flat - screen monitor for me .  clayton  mark davidson  03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 52 am  to : clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  clayton -  sorry it took so long to get back to you . there are a couple of things to  keep in mind :  - enron it supports enron equipment .  - all equipment must be purchased through "" enron it purchasing ""  our current high end desktop is a 800 mhz pentium iii machine with 128 m of  ram . you can bump up the ram to whatever you feel is appropriate . when the lghz processors come out ( in the very near future ) that will become our  standard .  what we want to avoid is getting equipment that we do not have a image for .  the "" image "" is the complete package of software that we put on a machine when  it is deployed . if you go out and buy a machine that we do not have a image  for , we can ' t support it for a multitude of reasons .  hopefully this answered your questions / concerns .  if not , please call me so that we can discuss this further .  thanks  mark davidson  x 39038  clayton vernon  03 / 14 / 2000 03 : 39 pm  to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : high - end desktop computing ?  mark -  i have developed a model for enron that requires ultra - high - end pc  performance ( it does many calculations in excel ) , and my boss has authorized  me to buy whatever pc i need . i ' m looking at the compaq 850 , but richard ( our  floor rep ) says no pc ' s over the 600 series will be supported by it . i need  to resolve this issue ; we are sophisticated buyers , we know the type of  machine we want , and we have the money to pay for it .  sincerely ,  clayton vernon  manager , research",0,high end desktop computing hi mark please order mhz machine mb ram large flat screen monitor clayton vernon co rc large screen need anything else please let know thanks mark great day shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect clayton vernon corp enron enron vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect subject high end desktop computing shirley yes swap one machine another vince shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject high end desktop computing vince ok order forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm clayton vernon enron mark davidson corp enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject high end desktop computing mark shirley order mhz machine mb ram large flat screen monitor clayton mark davidson clayton vernon corp enron enron cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject high end desktop computing clayton sorry took long get back couple things keep mind enron supports enron equipment equipment must purchased enron purchasing current high end desktop mhz pentium iii machine ram bump ram whatever feel appropriate lghz processors come near future become standard want avoid getting equipment image image complete package software put machine deployed go buy machine image support multitude reasons hopefully answered questions concerns please call discuss thanks mark davidson x clayton vernon pm mark davidson corp enron enron cc subject high end desktop computing mark developed model enron requires ultra high end pc performance many calculations excel boss authorized buy whatever pc need looking compaq richard floor rep says pc series supported need resolve issue sophisticated buyers know type machine want money pay sincerely clayton vernon manager research
"Subject: re : var meetings in houston  shirley ,  do you think we can get another room with better speaker phone ?  or , may be we can get better speaker phone ?  tanya  viacheslav danilov  04 / 19 / 2001 12 : 58 pm  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stig faltinsen / eu / enron @ enron , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : var meetings in houston  hi tanya ,  in my view it is very good if stig and kirstee are involved in your var meetings . therefore , i think it is very useful for them to call houston .  could we get a little bit better equipment to allow them to hear everything well ?  many thanks ,  slava  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by viacheslav danilov / lon / ect on 19 / 04 / 2001 12 : 55 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stig faltinsen @ enron  19 / 04 / 2001 16 : 23  to : viacheslav danilov / lon / ect @ ect  cc : kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : var meetings in houston  hi slava ,  kirstee and i find it useful to listen in on the var meetings in houston on wednesdays .  however , it is very difficult to follow the discussion due to a practical problem : we hear little or nothing at times .  a possible solution to this problem might be to ask whether one could install a "" spider phone "" in the var meeting room .  what i mean is a phone similar to the one in the rac morning meetings which have several remote speakers going out  from the main phone ( do you understand what i mean ? ) . if this is done , we would hear everyone around the table ,  not just those seated close to the phone .  what is you opinion on  a . us in london calling in to these meetings  b . getting some better equipment which would make it easier to follow the conversation ( "" spider phone "" or bigger speaker . . )  please let me know what your thoughts are ,  best regards ,  stig ",0,var meetings houston shirley think get another room better speaker phone may get better speaker phone tanya viacheslav danilov pm tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc stig faltinsen eu enron enron kirstee hewitt lon ect ect subject var meetings houston hi tanya view good stig kirstee involved var meetings therefore think useful call houston could get little bit better equipment allow hear everything well many thanks slava forwarded viacheslav danilov lon ect stig faltinsen enron viacheslav danilov lon ect ect cc kirstee hewitt lon ect ect subject var meetings houston hi slava kirstee find useful listen var meetings houston wednesdays however difficult follow discussion due practical problem hear little nothing times possible solution problem might ask whether one could install spider phone var meeting room mean phone similar one rac morning meetings several remote speakers going main phone understand mean done would hear everyone around table seated close phone opinion us london calling meetings b getting better equipment would make easier follow conversation spider phone bigger speaker please let know thoughts best regards stig
"Subject: a cry for help  dear friend , i am mrs . sese - seko widow of late president mobutu  sese - seko of zaire ? now known as democratic republic  of congo ( drc ) . i am moved to write you this letter ,  this was in confidence considering my and situation .  i escaped along with my husband and two of our sons  george kongolo and basher out of democratic republic of  congo ( drc ) to abidjan , cote d ' ivoire where my family  and i settled , while we later moved to settled in  morroco where my husband later died of cancer  disease . however due to this situation we decided to  changed most of my husband ' s billions of dollars  deposited in swiss bank and other countries into other  forms of money coded for safe purpose because the new  head of state of ( dr ) mr laurent kabila has made  arrangement with the swiss government and other  european countries to freeze all my late husband ' s  treasures deposited in some european countries . hence  my children and i decided laying low in africa to  study the situation till when things gets better ,  like now that president kabila is dead and the son  taking over ( joseph kabila ) . one of my late husband ' s  chateaux in southern france was confiscated by the  french government , and as such i had to change my  identity so that my investment will not be traced and  confiscated . i have deposited the sum eighteen million  united state dollars ( us $ 18 , 000 , 000 , 00 . ) with a  security company , for safekeeping . the funds are  security coded to prevent them from  knowing the content . what i want you to do is to  indicate your interest that you will assist us by receiving the money on our  behalf . acknowledge this message , so that i can introduce you to my son  ( kongolo ) who has the out modalities for the claim of the said funds . i  want you to assist in investing this money , but i will not want my identity  revealed . i will also want to buy properties and stock in multi - national  companies and to engage in other safe and  non - speculative investments . may i at this point  emphasise the high level of confidentiality , which  this business demands , and hope you will not betray  the trust and confidence , which i repose in you . in  conclusion , if you want to assist us , my son shall  put you in the picture of the business , tell you  where the funds are currently being maintained and  also discuss other modalities including remunerationfor your services .  for this reason kindly furnish us your contact  information , that is your personal telephone and fax  number for confidential purpose . best regards , mrs m . sese seko",1,cry help dear friend mrs sese seko widow late president mobutu sese seko zaire known democratic republic congo drc moved write letter confidence considering situation escaped along husband two sons george kongolo basher democratic republic congo drc abidjan cote ivoire family settled later moved settled morroco husband later died cancer disease however due situation decided changed husband billions dollars deposited swiss bank countries forms money coded safe purpose new head state dr mr laurent kabila made arrangement swiss government european countries freeze late husband treasures deposited european countries hence children decided laying low africa study situation till things gets better like president kabila dead son taking joseph kabila one late husband chateaux southern france confiscated french government change identity investment traced confiscated deposited sum eighteen million united state dollars us security company safekeeping funds security coded prevent knowing content want indicate interest assist us receiving money behalf acknowledge message introduce son kongolo modalities claim said funds want assist investing money want identity revealed also want buy properties stock multi national companies engage safe non speculative investments may point emphasise high level confidentiality business demands hope betray trust confidence repose conclusion want assist us son shall put picture business tell funds currently maintained also discuss modalities including remunerationfor services reason kindly furnish us contact information personal telephone fax number confidential purpose best regards mrs sese seko
"Subject: reactions password reminder  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = reactions password reminder = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  hi ,  we do not seem to be able to see you on our systems , please try registering  and you will automatically receive a username and password .  if you have already registered on this website , then please let us know and  we will investigate further .  regards .  reactions support - euromoney publications plc .  tel : + ( 44 ) 0171 779 8927 fax : + ( 44 ) 0171 779 8704 ",0,reactions password reminder reactions password reminder hi seem able see systems please try registering automatically receive username password already registered website please let us know investigate regards reactions support euromoney publications plc tel fax
"Subject: summary of last 6 months projects  dear dale , stinson & vince ,  i would like to take this opportunity to communicate some information to  summarise the projects of the past six months . firstly , by all accounts it  has been an amazing few months for me - i believe that i have kept a large  number of commercial group heads very happy . however , not all are aware of  my activities , so , many people ( e . g . john sherriff , richard lewis , steve  young etc . ) will not know of everything i have done . for example the amount  of work that i put into the inflation models and the extent to which i was  critical for the successful building of those curves and the consequent  impact ( o 7 + million for ql ) and similar large p & l swings for eastern contract  optionality ( short virtual power station ) based upon my uk power vol curve  generator .  for your benefit , i have compiled a shortlist of the main projects worked on  over the past five / six months :  1 ) inflation curve modelling ( february and march + april internal audit +  june external audit )  2 ) uk power monthly vol curve generator & ideas for half - hourly vol curve  3 ) nordic power monthly vol curve generator  4 ) energydesk . com models & support  5 ) real options : options to build / extend power stations ( e . g . wessex deal ,  anti - freeze project )  6 ) continental power non - generic options ( using arbitrary trader - specified  distributions )  7 ) global products : non - generic options modelling and new commodity forward  curve construction ( benzene fwd curve from naphtha )  8 ) exotic options library upgrade / model test / bug fixes ( e . g . testing new / old  asian models )  9 ) continental gas volatility curve construction  10 ) communication objective i : two presentations to enron europe staff , one  to oslo office  11 ) communication objective ii : meetings to gather information and present  results  12 ) fas 133 : working with internal and external auditors on matching  financial and physical ( accrual ) hedges - hedge effectiveness  13 ) oslo trip : bringing oslo up to speed on exotica and option valuation  14 ) houston research staff : co - ordinating communication / meetings to maximise  productivity  15 ) valuation / marketing of power put options for banks that hold senior and  sub debt in merchant power plant  meeting breakdown :  initiated by me it is  clear that i have been critical to large p & l sensitive projects and hope that  i can continue to help enhance earnings going forward .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383",0,summary last months projects dear dale stinson vince would like take opportunity communicate information summarise projects past six months firstly accounts amazing months believe kept large number commercial group heads happy however aware activities many people e g john sherriff richard lewis steve young etc know everything done example amount work put inflation models extent critical successful building curves consequent impact million ql similar large p l swings eastern contract optionality short virtual power station based upon uk power vol curve generator benefit compiled shortlist main projects worked past five six months inflation curve modelling february march april internal audit june external audit uk power monthly vol curve generator ideas half hourly vol curve nordic power monthly vol curve generator energydesk com models support real options options build extend power stations e g wessex deal anti freeze project continental power non generic options using arbitrary trader specified distributions global products non generic options modelling new commodity forward curve construction benzene fwd curve naphtha exotic options library upgrade model test bug fixes e g testing new old asian models continental gas volatility curve construction communication objective two presentations enron europe staff one oslo office communication objective ii meetings gather information present results fas working internal external auditors matching financial physical accrual hedges hedge effectiveness oslo trip bringing oslo speed exotica option valuation houston research staff co ordinating communication meetings maximise productivity valuation marketing power put options banks hold senior sub debt merchant power plant meeting breakdown initiated clear critical large p l sensitive projects hope continue help enhance earnings going forward regards anjam x
"Subject: career opportunity  dear mr . kaminski :  i recently sent you a copy of my resume and am just  following up to see if it reached you without any problems ? i know you  are a very busy professional and i would like to apologize for any  inconvienence i have caused . i am just very dedicated in trying to  obtain a career with your very well - respected company . i would really  like to put my expereince and education to work for enron , as well as  establish my life around the company . i am looking for an entry - level  postion if that ' s what it takes to bulid my life and family enron  corporation . once again mr . kaminski , i am deeply apologetic for taking  up any of your time . any information you could help me with about my  resume would be greatly appreciated . thank you for your valuable time .  warmest regards ,  eric hilton",0,career opportunity dear mr kaminski recently sent copy resume following see reached without problems know busy professional would like apologize inconvienence caused dedicated trying obtain career well respected company would really like put expereince education work enron well establish life around company looking entry level postion takes bulid life family enron corporation mr kaminski deeply apologetic taking time information could help resume would greatly appreciated thank valuable time warmest regards eric hilton
"Subject: our meeting  vince :  i enjoyed meeting you last week to discuss my application to join your group .  please keep my inquiry confidential for now .  if selected , i think your group would greatly benefit from my diverse  skill - set including modeling skills utilizing excel , access , and  bloomberg as well as graphing , statistical , and other quantitative abilities ,  especially in the meteorology field .  i am particularly interested in being able to discover vital information  which may affect the markets ( e . g . pulp / paper , interest rates , weather ) as  well as arriving at a new variable which captures all market variables into  one which may be followed and forecasted for each of the groups .  furthermore , i am truly committed to adding value to your group , including  making significant contributions ,  and am sanguine about my ability to ensure that these achievements are  well - received .  i have met many people at enron thus far and am able to utilize these  strategic alliances by knowing who may be able  to assist your group in the quest for information on different projects . by  accessing information quickly , both internal and  external to the firm , the group would be able to extraordinarily benefit from  this diligence in addition , by seeking greater efficiencies in my work ,  i have been able to be instrumental in accumulating additional  responsibilities .  most importantly , i have the mathematical acumen and insight to ensure the  continued growth and prosperity of your group .  as a research - oriented individual , i am clearly interested in pursuing a  position in your group .  if selected , i would be able to bring my diverse experience , including  financial modeling and derivatives , from my tenure at  enron and cibc world markets .  i look forward to meeting with select members of your group .  thanks ,  david  3 - 3528",0,meeting vince enjoyed meeting last week discuss application join group please keep inquiry confidential selected think group would greatly benefit diverse skill set including modeling skills utilizing excel access bloomberg well graphing statistical quantitative abilities especially meteorology field particularly interested able discover vital information may affect markets e g pulp paper interest rates weather well arriving new variable captures market variables one may followed forecasted groups furthermore truly committed adding value group including making significant contributions sanguine ability ensure achievements well received met many people enron thus far able utilize strategic alliances knowing may able assist group quest information different projects accessing information quickly internal external firm group would able extraordinarily benefit diligence addition seeking greater efficiencies work able instrumental accumulating additional responsibilities importantly mathematical acumen insight ensure continued growth prosperity group research oriented individual clearly interested pursuing position group selected would able bring diverse experience including financial modeling derivatives tenure enron cibc world markets look forward meeting select members group thanks david
"Subject: re : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001  vince :  are you just speaking at the one in houston ?  vince j kaminski  05 / 01 / 2001 04 : 45 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" joanna vidal "" on 05 / 01 / 2001 03 : 43 : 11 pm  to : , "" geman helyette "" , , , , , ,  cc :  subject : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001  hello speakers !  my name is joanna vidal and i am the coordinator for the financial mathematics training course being in held on the following dates :  london on june 28 & 29  new york on july 9 & 10  houston on july 16 & 17  i am in the process of preparing the speaker packs which will include an updated contact information sheet with all your details . you will receive this pack shortly after you confirm your addresses . i will list them below and i ask that you please look it over and make any necessary corrections .  my contact details , for your information are :  joanna vidal  events coordinator  risk waters group  t : ( 212 ) 925 1864 ext . 197  f : ( 212 ) 925 7585  jvidal @ riskwaters . com  www . riskwaters . com  thank you and i look forward to working with you .  duane seppi  carnegie mellon university  graduate school of industrial administrations  pittsburgh , pa 15213 - 3890  t : 001 412 - 268 - 2298  f : 001 412 - 269 - 8896  helyette geman  universite de paris dauphine  finance department au de ka grand ecole  corgy pontois , paris  france 95021  t : 00 33 60 - 807 - 4200  vincent kaminski  enron credit  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  t : 001 713 - 853 - 3848  f : 001 713 - 646 - 2503  peter nance  teknecon , inc .  1515 s . capital of texas highway  suite 101  austin , tx 78746  t : 001 512 - 732 - 7084  f : 001 512 - 732 - 7099  chris harris  innogy holdings place  windmill hill business park  whitehill way  swindon , wiltshire  uk , 5 n 5 6 pb  t : 44 793 387 - 7777  f : 44 793 389 - 7811  spyros maragos  dynergy , inc .  1000 louisiana street  suite 5800  houston , tx 77002  t : 011 713 - 507 - 6589  f : 001 713 - 767 - 5958  ehud ronn  university of texas at austin  department of finance  mccombs school of business  austin , tx 78712 - 1179  t : 001 512 - 471 - 5853  f : 001 512 - 471 - 5073",0,london new york houston financial mathematics june july vince speaking one houston vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject london new york houston financial mathematics june july fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm joanna vidal pm geman helyette cc subject london new york houston financial mathematics june july hello speakers name joanna vidal coordinator financial mathematics training course held following dates london june new york july houston july process preparing speaker packs include updated contact information sheet details receive pack shortly confirm addresses list ask please look make necessary corrections contact details information joanna vidal events coordinator risk waters group ext f jvidal riskwaters com www riskwaters com thank look forward working duane seppi carnegie mellon university graduate school industrial administrations pittsburgh pa f helyette geman universite de paris dauphine finance department au de ka grand ecole corgy pontois paris france vincent kaminski enron credit smith street room ebl houston tx f peter nance teknecon inc capital texas highway suite austin tx f chris harris innogy holdings place windmill hill business park whitehill way swindon wiltshire uk n pb f spyros maragos dynergy inc louisiana street suite houston tx f ehud ronn university texas austin department finance mccombs school business austin tx f
"Subject: december 6 th meeting  dear mr . kaminski :  this is to confirm the december 6 th meeting here at our center .  the location for the meeting is room # 3212 steinberg hall - dietrich hall and  the time will run from 9 : 00 am - 11 : 00 am .  please let us know if you need anything further .  we look forward to seeing you then .  regards ,  theresa convery  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  theresa convery  administrative assistant  risk and decision processes center  the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania  ( 215 ) 898 - 5688 / fax : ( 215 ) 573 - 2130  tconvery @ wharton . upenn . edu",0,december th meeting dear mr kaminski confirm december th meeting center location meeting room steinberg hall dietrich hall time run please let us know need anything look forward seeing regards theresa convery theresa convery administrative assistant risk decision processes center wharton school university pennsylvania fax tconvery wharton upenn edu
"Subject: re : fyi : uk var issues  vince ,  uk var breached the limit last week .  uk traders asked us to review the correlations across uk gas and power as  well as the correlations across efa slots .  we did part of the work last week .  now we ' ll update the correlations based on historical prices .  tanya .  richard lewis  10 / 08 / 2000 07 : 31 am  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , steven  leppard / lon / ect @ ect , rudy dautel / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect ,  naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , ted  murphy / hou / ect @ ect , simon hastings / lon / ect @ ect , paul d ' arcy / lon / ect @ ect , amir  ghodsian / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : var correlation scenarios  thanks tanya , these are interesting results . i am on vacation next week , so  here are my current thoughts . i am contactable on my mobile if necessary .  gas to power correlations  i see your point about gas to power correlation only affecting var for the  combined gas and power portfolio , and this raises an interesting point : at a  conservative 30 % long term correlation , combined var is olmm less than  previously expected - so how does this affect the limit breach ? strictly  speaking , we are still over our uk power limit , but the limit was set when we  were assuming no gas power correlation and therefore a higher portfolio var .  a suggested way forward given the importance of the spread options to the uk  gas and power books -  can we allocate to the gas and power books a share of the reduction in  portfolio var - ie [ reduction = portfolio var - sum ( power var + gas var ) ] ?  also , if i understand your mail correctly , matrix 1 implies 55 % gas power  correlation is consistent with our correlation curves , and this reduces total  var by ol . 8 mm .  efa slot correlations  the issue of whether our existing efa to efa correlation matrix is correct is  a separate issue . i don ' t understand where the matrix 2 efa to efa  correlations come from , but i am happy for you to run some historical  correlations from the forward curves ( use the first 2 years , i would  suggest ) . our original matrix was based on historicals , but the analysis is  worth doing again . your matrix 2 results certainly indicate how important  these correlations are .  closing thoughts  friday ' s trading left us longer so i would not expect a limit breach on  monday . we are still reviewing the shape of the long term curve , and i ' d  like to wait until both simon hastings and i are back in the office ( monday  week ) before finalising this .  regards  richard  tanya tamarchenko  06 / 10 / 2000 22 : 59  to : oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , james  new / lon / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , rudy dautel / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee  hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , david port / market  risk / corp / enron @ enron , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : var correlation scenarios  everybody ,  oliver sent us the var number for different correlations for uk - power  portfolio separately from uk - gas portfolio .  first , if var is calculated accurately the correlation between power and gas  curves should not affect var number for power and var number for gas , only  the aggregate number will be affected . the changes you see are due to the  fact that we use monte - carlo simulation method ,  which accuracy depends on the number of simulations . even if we don ' t change  the correlations but use different realizations of random numbers ,  we get slightly different result from the model .  so : to see the effect of using different correlations between gas and power  we should look at the aggregate number .  i calculated weighted correlations based on 2 curves i got from paul . as the  weights along the term structure i used the product of price , position and  volatility for each time bucket for gas and each of efa slots . the results  are shown below :  inserting these numbers into the original correlation matrix produced  negatively definite correlation matrix , which brakes var engine .  correlation matrix for any set of random variables is non - negative by  definition , and remains non - negatively definite if calculated properly based  on any historical data .  here , according to our phone discussion , we started experimenting with  correlations , assuming the same correlation for each efa slot and et elec  versus gas . i am sending you the spreadsheet which summaries the results . in  addition to the aggregate var numbers for the runs oliver did , you can see  the var numbers based on correlation matrix 1 and matrix 2 . in matrix 1 the  correlations across efa slots are identical to these in original matrix .  i obtained this matrix by trial and error . matrix 2 is produces by naveen  using finger ' s algorithm , it differs from original matrix across efa slots as  well  as in power versus gas correlations and gives higher var than matrix 1 does .  concluding : we will look at the historical forward prices and try to  calculate historical correlations from them .  tanya .  oliver gaylard  10 / 06 / 2000 01 : 50 pm  to : richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , steven  leppard / lon / ect @ ect , rudy dautel / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect ,  naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , david  port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : var correlation scenarios  the results were as follows when changing the gas / power correlations :  correlation var - uk power book var - uk gas book  0 . 0 ol 0 . 405 mm o 3 . 180 mm  0 . 1 ol 0 . 134 mm o 3 . 197 mm  0 . 2 ol 0 . 270 mm o 3 . 185 mm  0 . 3 ol 0 . 030 mm o 3 . 245 mm  0 . 4 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite )  0 . 5 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite )  0 . 6 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite )  0 . 7 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite )  0 . 8 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite )  0 . 9 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite )  1 . 0 cholesky decomposition failed ( not positive definite )  peaks and off peaks were treated the same to avoid violating the matrix ' s  integrity .  interesting to note that for a higher correlation of 0 . 2 the power var  increases which is counter to intuition . this implies that we need to look  into how the correlations are being applied within the model . once we can  derive single correlations from the term structure , is the next action to  understand how they are being applied and whether the model captures the p + l  volatility in the spread option deals .  from 0 . 4 onwards the var calculation failed .  oliver",0,fyi uk var issues vince uk var breached limit last week uk traders asked us review correlations across uk gas power well correlations across efa slots part work last week update correlations based historical prices tanya richard lewis tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc oliver gaylard lon ect ect james new lon ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect rudy dautel hou ect ect kirstee hewitt lon ect ect naveen andrews corp enron enron david port market risk corp enron enron ted murphy hou ect ect simon hastings lon ect ect paul arcy lon ect ect amir ghodsian lon ect ect subject var correlation scenarios thanks tanya interesting results vacation next week current thoughts contactable mobile necessary gas power correlations see point gas power correlation affecting var combined gas power portfolio raises interesting point conservative long term correlation combined var olmm less previously expected affect limit breach strictly speaking still uk power limit limit set assuming gas power correlation therefore higher portfolio var suggested way forward given importance spread options uk gas power books allocate gas power books share reduction portfolio var ie reduction portfolio var sum power var gas var also understand mail correctly matrix implies gas power correlation consistent correlation curves reduces total var ol mm efa slot correlations issue whether existing efa efa correlation matrix correct separate issue understand matrix efa efa correlations come happy run historical correlations forward curves use first years would suggest original matrix based historicals analysis worth matrix results certainly indicate important correlations closing thoughts friday trading left us longer would expect limit breach monday still reviewing shape long term curve like wait simon hastings back office monday week finalising regards richard tanya tamarchenko oliver gaylard lon ect ect richard lewis lon ect ect james new lon ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect rudy dautel hou ect ect kirstee hewitt lon ect ect naveen andrews corp enron enron david port market risk corp enron enron ted murphy hou ect ect cc subject var correlation scenarios everybody oliver sent us var number different correlations uk power portfolio separately uk gas portfolio first var calculated accurately correlation power gas curves affect var number power var number gas aggregate number affected changes see due fact use monte carlo simulation method accuracy depends number simulations even change correlations use different realizations random numbers get slightly different result model see effect using different correlations gas power look aggregate number calculated weighted correlations based curves got paul weights along term structure used product price position volatility time bucket gas efa slots results shown inserting numbers original correlation matrix produced negatively definite correlation matrix brakes var engine correlation matrix set random variables non negative definition remains non negatively definite calculated properly based historical data according phone discussion started experimenting correlations assuming correlation efa slot et elec versus gas sending spreadsheet summaries results addition aggregate var numbers runs oliver see var numbers based correlation matrix matrix matrix correlations across efa slots identical original matrix obtained matrix trial error matrix produces naveen using finger algorithm differs original matrix across efa slots well power versus gas correlations gives higher var matrix concluding look historical forward prices try calculate historical correlations tanya oliver gaylard pm richard lewis lon ect ect james new lon ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect rudy dautel hou ect ect kirstee hewitt lon ect ect naveen andrews corp enron enron tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect david port market risk corp enron enron cc subject var correlation scenarios results follows changing gas power correlations correlation var uk power book var uk gas book ol mm mm ol mm mm ol mm mm ol mm mm cholesky decomposition failed positive definite cholesky decomposition failed positive definite cholesky decomposition failed positive definite cholesky decomposition failed positive definite cholesky decomposition failed positive definite cholesky decomposition failed positive definite cholesky decomposition failed positive definite peaks peaks treated avoid violating matrix integrity interesting note higher correlation power var increases counter intuition implies need look correlations applied within model derive single correlations term structure next action understand applied whether model captures p l volatility spread option deals onwards var calculation failed oliver
"Subject: retail markets conference  i would like to invite you to participate in a conference on "" retail  participation in competitive power markets "" to be held at stanford  university on june 21 - 22 , 2001 . although california and other regional  markets will likely be introducing some demand - response programs by june ,  there is a clear need for continual evaluation of these nascent efforts to  transform the market . the conference provides an opportunity to learn from  different experiences .  this policy research meeting will focus on establishing a foundation for  understanding the key concepts and methods for demand response programs and  to provide an opportunity for participants to raise questions and recommend  directions for additional research and analysis . participants will come  from companies , government , and universities . you can obtain more  information about the conference by checking under "" meetings "" on our emf  website listed below .  please let me know if you plan on attending . also , if you would like to  make a brief 15 - minute presentation , please let me know your topic and  describe it in a few sentences . i will try to choose speakers that will  cover the full range of interests represented by this group . researchers  should focus on the implications of their analysis for designing demand  response programs rather than on the technical details of their  methodology . i would also encourage practitioners to discuss their  experience in implementing demand response programs or in raising selected  issues .  thank you ,  hill huntington  hillard g . huntington  emf - an international forum on  energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050  408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362  stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu  stanford , ca 94305 - 4026  emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf /",0,retail markets conference would like invite participate conference retail participation competitive power markets held stanford university june although california regional markets likely introducing demand response programs june clear need continual evaluation nascent efforts transform market conference provides opportunity learn different experiences policy research meeting focus establishing foundation understanding key concepts methods demand response programs provide opportunity participants raise questions recommend directions additional research analysis participants come companies government universities obtain information conference checking meetings emf website listed please let know plan attending also would like make brief minute presentation please let know topic describe sentences try choose speakers cover full range interests represented group researchers focus implications analysis designing demand response programs rather technical details methodology would also encourage practitioners discuss experience implementing demand response programs raising selected issues thank hill huntington hillard g huntington emf international forum energy environmental markets voice terman center fax stanford university email hillh stanford edu stanford ca emf website http www stanford edu group emf
"Subject: re : thank you !  frank ,  thanks a lot . look forward to meeting you again  on campus .  vince  "" frank qian "" on 11 / 05 / 2000 05 : 10 : 06 pm  to :  cc :  subject : thank you !  dear mr . kaminski :  it ' s a great pleasure to have you visiting us and a great honor to have  dinner with you . i ' d like to thank you for your wonderful presentation . it ' s  the most interesting topic we had so far . this is not just my personal  opinion , all my classmates i talked to agree with me . i like enron ' s style  and culture and i think it played a big role in enron ' s success . i look  forward to discuss career opportunities at enron during your on - campus  interview session .  regards ,  frank qian  fqian @ andrew . cmu . edu",0,thank frank thanks lot look forward meeting campus vince frank qian pm cc subject thank dear mr kaminski great pleasure visiting us great honor dinner like thank wonderful presentation interesting topic far personal opinion classmates talked agree like enron style culture think played big role enron success look forward discuss career opportunities enron campus interview session regards frank qian fqian andrew cmu edu
Subject: re : fwd curves  thx i understand and will work with kevin and hunter . . margaret,0,fwd curves thx understand work kevin hunter margaret
"Subject: re : li sun : important notice : year - end prc preparation  stinson ,  i think it should be kevin kindall .  vince  stinson gibner  09 / 18 / 2000 08 : 08 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : li sun : important notice : year - end prc preparation  vince ,  should i be responsible for li sun ( for prc ) or do you want grant since she  is primarily working for kevin kindall ?  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 09 / 18 / 2000  08 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" the associate and analyst programs "" @ enron . com > on  09 / 15 / 2000 06 : 13 : 49 pm  to : "" sgibner @ enron . com ""  cc :  subject : important notice : year - end prc preparation  good afternoon supervisors of associates and analysts :  as you may be aware , the year - end prc for 2000 is quickly approaching and  your assistance is needed in ensuring a smooth process . it is imperative  that the  performance management team obtains the correct reviewing supervisor for the  associates and analysts in order to facilitate the prc process . the reviewing  supervisor is the person that will provide the associate / analyst their  year - end  individual performance feedback . you will be considered the reviewing  supervisor if you employ the individuals listed below as of october 1 , 2000 .  a comprehensive list of the associates and / or analysts currently in our  database  indicates that you are the supervisor of the individuals listed below . please  examine the list and reply with "" no changes "" if the data is correct . if  analyst in your response . if you will not be the reviewing supervisor as of  october lst , please let us know so that we may follow up with the associates  and  analysts .  in order to meet the performance management team ' s deadline , your reply is  needed by friday , september 22 , 2000 . we appreciate your assistance in this  matter .  our records show the following associates and analysts under your prc review .  shalesh ganjoo , analyst  li sun , associate  martin lin , associate  thanks in advance for your cooperation . please feel free to call shelly  butler @  713 - 853 - 4584 or jana giovannini @ 713 - 853 - 9233 with any questions you might  have .",0,li sun important notice year end prc preparation stinson think kevin kindall vince stinson gibner vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject li sun important notice year end prc preparation vince responsible li sun prc want grant since primarily working kevin kindall stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect associate analyst programs enron com pm sgibner enron com cc subject important notice year end prc preparation good afternoon supervisors associates analysts may aware year end prc quickly approaching assistance needed ensuring smooth process imperative performance management team obtains correct reviewing supervisor associates analysts order facilitate prc process reviewing supervisor person provide associate analyst year end individual performance feedback considered reviewing supervisor employ individuals listed october comprehensive list associates analysts currently database indicates supervisor individuals listed please examine list reply changes data correct analyst response reviewing supervisor october lst please let us know may follow associates analysts order meet performance management team deadline reply needed friday september appreciate assistance matter records show following associates analysts prc review shalesh ganjoo analyst li sun associate martin lin associate thanks advance cooperation please feel free call shelly butler jana giovannini questions might
"Subject: spring 2001 module and calendar schedule attached  spring 2001 faculty ,  attached is the spring 2001 module and calendar schedules for your  review . please note the jones graduate school is not following the  traditional university calendar for spring break this year . if you have  any questions please contact me .  kathy  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /  - spring module 2001 sch . doc  - spring module 2001 cal . doc",0,spring module calendar schedule attached spring faculty attached spring module calendar schedules review please note jones graduate school following traditional university calendar spring break year questions please contact kathy kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs spring module sch doc spring module cal doc
"Subject: almost - guaranteed issue term  almost guarantee issue term for impaired risk market  10 year level term - 8 medical questions  issue ages 20 to 55 - $ 10 , 000 to $ 75 , 000 face amount  a + carrier  you won ' t sleep tonight thinking about all the prospects  you have for this product !  you have several cases in your desk drawer  for this product !  call or e - mail us today !  visit our web site www . impairedriskterm . com for rates  and a sample application  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to  receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance  professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply  to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,almost guaranteed issue term almost guarantee issue term impaired risk market year level term medical questions issue ages face amount carrier sleep tonight thinking prospects product several cases desk drawer product call e mail us today visit web site www impairedriskterm com rates sample application please fill form information name e mail phone city state want anybody receive mailing wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: spread option code change  zhiyang and zhiyun ,  vince told me that london has some trouble to calculate spread option  for correl = 1 , voll = vol 2 . in such a case , the effective volatility becomes  zero , and the option has zero time value .  i have modified the unitcorrpremium ( ) routine to force the code to treat  this situation as a special case . ( it returns the discounted intrinsic value ) .  please incorporate this chang to your code so that it will no longer cause  any  problems that should not happen in the first place .  if you have any questions , please let me know .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  double unitcorrpremium (  double sl ,  double s 2 ,  double strike ,  double r ,  double ql ,  double q 2 ,  double voll ,  double vol 2 ,  double correl ,  double tmat ,  int opttype  )  {  double retval ;  if ( tmat < = 0 . 0 )  return intrinsic ( sl , s 2 , strike , opttype ) ;  / / look right here for the change , only two lines .  if ( ( 1 . 0 - correl ) < tiny &  setup ( sl , s 2 , strike , r , ql , q 2 , voll , vol 2 , correl , tmat ) ;  if ( opttype )  retval = s . disc * gauherint ( ffuncoc ) / sqrtpi ;  else  retval = s . disc * gauherint ( ffuncop ) / sqrtpi ;  return retval ;  }",0,spread option code change zhiyang zhiyun vince told london trouble calculate spread option correl voll vol case effective volatility becomes zero option zero time value modified unitcorrpremium routine force code treat situation special case returns discounted intrinsic value please incorporate chang code longer cause problems happen first place questions please let know zimin double unitcorrpremium double sl double double strike double r double ql double q double voll double vol double correl double tmat int opttype double retval tmat return intrinsic sl strike opttype look right change two lines correl tiny setup sl strike r ql q voll vol correl tmat opttype retval disc gauherint ffuncoc sqrtpi else retval disc gauherint ffuncop sqrtpi return retval
"Subject: referral  mr . kaminski ,  i have attached a resume below i thought you might find of interest , it is  from a business school acquaintance of mine , denis suvorov . denis is a  highly intelligent ph . d . candidate at my former school and is currently  looking for opportunities within a research / modelling framework . he has  significant academic experience working on asset pricing models and after  speaking with pavel zadorozhny about his background and objectives , he  recommended i forward a copy of his credentials to you .  i hope this is suitable and would be of interest to you .  thanks ,  matthew frank",0,referral mr kaminski attached resume thought might find interest business school acquaintance mine denis suvorov denis highly intelligent ph candidate former school currently looking opportunities within research modelling framework significant academic experience working asset pricing models speaking pavel zadorozhny background objectives recommended forward copy credentials hope suitable would interest thanks matthew frank
"Subject: re : interviews  marshall ,  sorry for a delay in responding to you .  my hr people were asked to get in touch with you re  the candidates .  vince  marshall brown on 03 / 27 / 2001 02 : 36 : 12 pm  to : "" ' vince kaminski ' ""  cc :  subject : interviews  vince ,  i had two candidates speak with zamin lu on 3 / 14 / 01 and 3 / 16 / 01 .  ( renshi zhang and bill koures respectively ) . i know you were in london last  week . if you could please give me some feedback ( either positive or  negative ) as soon as possible , i would appreciate it .  regards ,  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  phone : 212 - 704 - 0596  fax : 212 - 704 - 4312  marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  be intercepted by a third party .  this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  the system manager .  this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . ",0,interviews marshall sorry delay responding hr people asked get touch candidates vince marshall brown pm vince kaminski cc subject interviews vince two candidates speak zamin lu renshi zhang bill koures respectively know london last week could please give feedback either positive negative soon possible would appreciate regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates phone fax marshall brown robertwalters com caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses
"Subject: moze cie to zainteresuje  vince ,  dawno ze soba nie rozmawialismy . mam nadzieje ze u ciebie wszystko o . k .  nie wiem czy znana jest ci postac prof . aleksandra werona - zajmuje sie on  zastosowaniem metod matematycznych w inzynierii finansowej . ostatnio  natomiast skupil sie na rynku energii . wraz z synem rafalem wydal ksiazke  "" gielda energii - strategie zarzadzania ryzykiem "" . zawarte sa w niej podstawy  zarzadzania ryzykiem . na jego stronie internetowej  http : / / www . im . pwr . wroc . pl / ~ hugo / fe . html mozesz znalezc cos wiecej na temat  tego czym sie zajmuje . to co moze cie zainteresowac to moze byc strona  http : / / www . im . pwr . wroc . pl / ~ hugo / rockets . html . ciekaw jestem co o tym sadzisz .  spotkalem sie z weronem kilkakrotnie na roznych seminariach . zorganizowalem  mu tez zobaczenie naszego trading floor podczas jednej z jego wizyt w  londynie .  pozdowienia  jarek",0,moze cie zainteresuje vince dawno ze soba nie rozmawialismy mam nadzieje ze u ciebie wszystko k nie wiem czy znana jest ci postac prof aleksandra werona zajmuje sie zastosowaniem metod matematycznych w inzynierii finansowej ostatnio natomiast skupil sie na rynku energii wraz z synem rafalem wydal ksiazke gielda energii strategie zarzadzania ryzykiem zawarte sa w niej podstawy zarzadzania ryzykiem na jego stronie internetowej http www im pwr wroc pl hugo fe html mozesz znalezc cos wiecej na temat tego czym sie zajmuje co moze cie zainteresowac moze byc strona http www im pwr wroc pl hugo rockets html ciekaw jestem co tym sadzisz spotkalem sie z weronem kilkakrotnie na roznych seminariach zorganizowalem mu tez zobaczenie naszego trading floor podczas jednej z jego wizyt w londynie pozdowienia jarek
"Subject: re : [ fwd : stanford meeting ]  vince ,  if that doesn ' t work we can meet on saturday . no problem .  my cellular phone is 650 - 796 - 8163 . i will have it on ,  friday after 11 am .  looking forward to seeing you ,  nick  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > the plan is ok , subject to unforeseen complications .  > my flight from london was delayed and i had to spend a night in newark , nj .  > my schedule for today was disrupted and i had to postpone my departure till  > friday  > morning . i should be at san francisco around 10 : 00 a . m . if there is no  > delay .  > i should be able to meet you at noon at your office .  >  > please , confirm the meeting both to my office e - mail address and my private  > address  > ( vkaminski @ aol . com ) . can you give me the phone number  > at which i can reach you on friday if there is a delay ?  >  > look forward to meeting you .  >  > vince  >  > nick bambos on 02 / 24 / 2000 02 : 31 : 38 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc : bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu  > subject : [ fwd : stanford meeting ]  >  > vince , is this plan ok ? thanks . nick  >  > nick bambos wrote :  > >  > > vince ,  > >  > > friday is fine . we can have lunch at the faculty club - you ' ll  > > be my guest . shall we meet in my office in packard 238 and  > > walk to the faculty club ?  > >  > > nick  > >  > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > > >  > > > nick ,  > > >  > > > i shall be in stanford for parents ' weekend ( my son is a junior at  > > > stanford ) .  > > > i plan to be on the campus friday through sunday this week . i shall be  > glad  > > > to meet you anytime during the weekend . what about a lunch on friday ?  > > > i would like to talk to you about enron underwriting research projects  > by  > > > the graduate students  > > > at your department .  > > >  > > > you can reach me at stanford at my son ' s phone number : 650 497 6938 .  > > > please , let me know if you are free for lunch and i shall make the  > > > reservation  > > >  > > > vince  > > >  > > > nick bambos on 02 / 22 / 2000 12 : 54 : 15 pm  > > >  > > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > > cc : ravi . thuraisingham . enron _ communications @ enron . com ,  > gappy @ stanford . edu  > > > subject : stanford meeting  > > >  > > > dear vince ,  > > >  > > > giuseppe tells me that you will be visiting stanford soon  > > > and you you would like to meet with me . i would definitely  > > > be glad to meet you and talk further .  > > >  > > > would you please let me know about the time of your visit  > > > and your availability to meet . i look forward to seeing you .  > > >  > > > best regards ,  > > >  > > > nick  > > >  > > > ps : giuseppe and amy came back very impressed by you are doing at  > enron !  > > > thanks for hosting them .",0,fwd stanford meeting vince work meet saturday problem cellular phone friday looking forward seeing nick vince j kaminski enron com wrote nick plan ok subject unforeseen complications flight london delayed spend night newark nj schedule today disrupted postpone departure till friday morning san francisco around delay able meet noon office please confirm meeting office e mail address private address vkaminski aol com give phone number reach friday delay look forward meeting vince nick bambos pm vince j kaminski enron com cc bambos stanford stanford edu subject fwd stanford meeting vince plan ok thanks nick nick bambos wrote vince friday fine lunch faculty club guest shall meet office packard walk faculty club nick vince j kaminski enron com wrote nick shall stanford parents weekend son junior stanford plan campus friday sunday week shall glad meet anytime weekend lunch friday would like talk enron underwriting research projects graduate students department reach stanford son phone number please let know free lunch shall make reservation vince nick bambos pm vince j kaminski enron com cc ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron com gappy stanford edu subject stanford meeting dear vince giuseppe tells visiting stanford soon would like meet would definitely glad meet talk would please let know time visit availability meet look forward seeing best regards nick ps giuseppe amy came back impressed enron thanks hosting
"Subject: uk rpi model  hi zimin !  please find attached for your review the uk rpi model , derived by  bootstrapping rpi swaps .  it ' s a very simple model and here are its specifics :  swap structure  payment : semi / semi act / 365 f  >  > yoyukrpi = ( ukrpi ( p - 2 ) / ukrpi ( p - 14 ) - 1 ) / 2  > p = payment month  >  the first payment is the latest known historical rpi , february 2000 , 2 . 32 % .  assumptions  * constant cashflows between the quoted years ( as opposed to interpolating  swaps which distorts the curve a lot ) . this explains the atrocious look of  the "" raw "" curve . it is then smoothed with a macro , which anjam wrote .  * mid point of the swaps is used for deriving the curve ;  * discount rate is libor and i solve for the coupon rate , which is the rpi  yoy rate ;  * the above is solved separately for each quoted period ( e . g . 2 yrs , 5 yrs )  and rpi rates are determined for the incremental portion .  by forecasting rpi in the above method we are able to lock in and deliver the  forecasted levels .  looking forward to your comments and seeing you in london !  best regards ,  martina  x 34327",0,uk rpi model hi zimin please find attached review uk rpi model derived bootstrapping rpi swaps simple model specifics swap structure payment semi semi act f yoyukrpi ukrpi p ukrpi p p payment month first payment latest known historical rpi february assumptions constant cashflows quoted years opposed interpolating swaps distorts curve lot explains atrocious look raw curve smoothed macro anjam wrote mid point swaps used deriving curve discount rate libor solve coupon rate rpi yoy rate solved separately quoted period e g yrs yrs rpi rates determined incremental portion forecasting rpi method able lock deliver forecasted levels looking forward comments seeing london best regards martina x
"Subject: re : congratulations .  congrats to you too ! i ' ll see you in february unless you ' re in london  sooner . can ' t wait to start up the dinner club again !  see you soon .  beth  vince j kaminski  11 / 01 / 2000 00 : 01  to : beth perlman / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : congratulations .  beth ,  congratulations . well deserved .  vince",0,congratulations congrats see february unless london sooner wait start dinner club see soon beth vince j kaminski beth perlman lon ect ect cc subject congratulations beth congratulations well deserved vince
"Subject: mit student ' s thesis writeups  hi vince , krishna & i talked to this student while were at sycamore  networks . he appears to be very qualified for our ebs analytics group .  sycamore has a professional services team that provides consulting on network  optimization modeling , etc . they do this to push their products , etc . . . . one  of the professional in that group highly recommended this student . we are  currently working with the same professional at sycamore to perform our  intial network design analysis ( since the deadline was today ! ) . i have  arranged for the mit student ' s visit to houston along with the two standford  students this month . i have handed over the task of arranging such visits to  elisabeth grant . she will arrange everything and charge our rc so that we can  allocate to john griebling later . stinson and i think that is the most  effective way of doing this .  regards ,  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 07 / 00 01 : 16  pm - - - - -  salal @ mit . edu  02 / 04 / 00 08 : 33 am  to : pkrishan @ enron . com  cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications ,  brett . leida @ sycamore . net  subject : writeups  hi krishan , ravi ,  i apologize for the delay in mailing the writeups - - some unforeseen  complications completely shot the last 1 - 1 / 2 day . i am attaching pdf  versions of :  1 . the first two chapters of my thesis , which should help  get a sense of what we are trying to do .  2 . two more technical modeling writeups for services i am  attempting to model .  the writeups are , as i mentioned before , works in progress , and  incomplete , and therefore i apologize in advance for confusions  that might arise . i also request that you not circulate these widely  for obvious reasons .  thanks very much ,  salal  salal humair  massachvsetts institvte of technology  operations research center  rooms e 40 - 130 , 5 - 332 a  x 3 - 3014 , x 5 - 9727  - expexp . pdf  - fedex . pdf  - thesis . pdf",0,mit student thesis writeups hi vince krishna talked student sycamore networks appears qualified ebs analytics group sycamore professional services team provides consulting network optimization modeling etc push products etc one professional group highly recommended student currently working professional sycamore perform intial network design analysis since deadline today arranged mit student visit houston along two standford students month handed task arranging visits elisabeth grant arrange everything charge rc allocate john griebling later stinson think effective way regards ravi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications pm salal mit edu pkrishan enron com cc ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications brett leida sycamore net subject writeups hi krishan ravi apologize delay mailing writeups unforeseen complications completely shot last day attaching pdf versions first two chapters thesis help get sense trying two technical modeling writeups services attempting model writeups mentioned works progress incomplete therefore apologize advance confusions might arise also request circulate widely obvious reasons thanks much salal salal humair massachvsetts institvte technology operations research center rooms e x x expexp pdf fedex pdf thesis pdf
"Subject: re : testiing component var  naveen ,  as we discussed yesterday , i would like to see the results of components var  testing .  i got some from sunil today for agg - gas .  in addition if you can send me component var results for ng - price for some  date ,  as well as ng positions , forward price curve , forward volatility curve for  ng - price - prc for that  same date , i can verify the numbers .  thank you ,  tanya .",0,testiing component var naveen discussed yesterday would like see results components var testing got sunil today agg gas addition send component var results ng price date well ng positions forward price curve forward volatility curve ng price prc date verify numbers thank tanya
Subject: meeting during energy expo  this will confirm our meeting at your office on 16 th of march 2000  at 8 am .  we will be at the energy expo booth nbr . 931 on the 14 th  - 16 th  and staying at the allen park inn on allen parkway if you need to  reach us .  liam leahy  for  dr . robert e . brooks  direct line ( 323 ) 913 - 3355  main line ( 323 ) 663 - 4831  http : / / gpcm . rbac . com /  - attl . htm,0,meeting energy expo confirm meeting office th march energy expo booth nbr th th staying allen park inn allen parkway need reach us liam leahy dr robert e brooks direct line main line http gpcm rbac com attl htm
"Subject: fantastic investors info  maisonette international enterprises ltd ( maen )  a soiid hoiding of companies with constant revenue generating  businesses , offering unique products and services to the genera | public and  professionais .  current price : 0 . o 9  is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review  exactly what this company does . does it sound new and exciting to you ?  watch this one trade tuesday .  breaking news ! !  maisonette home products , ltd . receives exclusive agreement for export  of paneiized homes in the united kingdom  maisonette home products , ltd . , the canadian subsidiary of maisonette  international enterprises ltd . ( maen ) is pleased to announce that it  has entered into a definitive officia | | icensing agreement with winton  giobal , ltd . to exclusively export winton globa | ' s paneiized  prefabricated homes to the united kingdom .  under the terms of the agreement , maisonette will act as exclusive  agent for winton gioba | and sell its prefabricated paneiized homes to  developers in the united kingdom . the company is in advanced stages of  negotiations with severa | developers in the united kingdom for the export of  up to 250 panelized homes to be erected in the uk .  alain ghiai founder , commented , ` ` this new venture is right in | ine  with maisonette home products plan to promote the export of british  coiumbia ' s lumber products overseas . we have had numerous interests in asia  and the united kingdom . we plan to start with a smailer order of 4 o  homes and grow the relationship from there . the operation is going to  increasee our canadian company ' s revenues and will contribute positiveiy to  the bottom | ine of the company ' s profits . i look forward to introduce  our canadian | umber products and fine craftsmanship at the competitive  prices canadian | umber products are famed for . ' '  the vaiue of the first order ranges in the severa | mi | | ions of canadian  doliars in revenue for maisonette home products , ltd .  about maisonette international enterprises ltd .  maisonette internationa | enterprises ltd . is a publiciy held hoiding  company incorporated in nevada , usa . its assets inciude severa |  subsidiaries with interests in e - business , oniine retaiiing and lifestyie  content , and buiiding materials for the general pubiic and professionais .  conclusion :  the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known  companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are  aiready famiiiar with this . is maen poised and positioned to do that for  you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch  this one trade tuesday ! go maen .  penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable  for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way  affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars  to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and  advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .  if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been  wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in  the sub ject to daily _ 2 tip @ yahoo . com",1,fantastic investors info maisonette international enterprises ltd maen soiid hoiding companies constant revenue generating businesses offering unique products services genera public professionais current price undiscovered gem positioned go higher review exactly company sound new exciting watch one trade tuesday breaking news maisonette home products ltd receives exclusive agreement export paneiized homes united kingdom maisonette home products ltd canadian subsidiary maisonette international enterprises ltd maen pleased announce entered definitive officia icensing agreement winton giobal ltd exclusively export winton globa paneiized prefabricated homes united kingdom terms agreement maisonette act exclusive agent winton gioba sell prefabricated paneiized homes developers united kingdom company advanced stages negotiations severa developers united kingdom export panelized homes erected uk alain ghiai founder commented new venture right ine maisonette home products plan promote export british coiumbia lumber products overseas numerous interests asia united kingdom plan start smailer order homes grow relationship operation going increasee canadian company revenues contribute positiveiy bottom ine company profits look forward introduce canadian umber products fine craftsmanship competitive prices canadian umber products famed vaiue first order ranges severa mi ions canadian doliars revenue maisonette home products ltd maisonette international enterprises ltd maisonette internationa enterprises ltd publiciy held hoiding company incorporated nevada usa assets inciude severa subsidiaries interests e business oniine retaiiing lifestyie content buiiding materials general pubiic professionais conclusion exampies show awesome earning potentia littie known companies explode onto investor radar screens many aiready famiiiar maen poised positioned may feel time come act piease watch one trade tuesday go maen penny stocks considered highly specuiative may unsuitable ail aggressive investors profile way affiiiated featured company compensated ooo dollars distribute report report entertainment advertising purposes used investment advice wish stop future mail ings fee wrongfu piaced membership send biank e mail thanks sub ject daily tip yahoo com
"Subject: wall street ' s dirty little secret . . .  it was the spring of 1979 .  i was just a tall , goofy looking kid in middle school  with buck - teeth and freckles . each day in the  cafeteria , i walked from table to table . . .  stealing other kids ' lunch money .  no , i didn ' t rob them with a gun or a knife - i just made  them a little deal . "" let me borrow two dollars today , "" i said ,  "" and i ' ll bring you five dollars next week . "" the investment  was too good to pass up , and other kids were throwing their  lunch money at me like gravy on mashed potatoes . of course  when "" next week "" rolled around and i couldn ' t pony up the cash ,  i promised to pay them even more the week after that ,  if they would just let me keep their investment a little bit  longer .  eventually the end of the year came and went , high school  started and with it came girls , and homework , and parties ,  and sports , and those poor kids from eighth grade had more  things on their mind than last year ' s lunch money .  i made off with a tidy sum for a middle school kid ,  and i didn ' t even get beat up .  hidden inside this story are the two greatest stock market  secrets you will ever learn .  first of all , greed is your number one enemy . you ' re not  going to turn $ 2 into $ 5 in a week , so cash out when  you ' re ahead . don ' t wait for the boat to sink before  grabbing the lifejacket .  second , never trust an investment adviser of any kind .  they are looking out for their own money , not yours .  the "" professionals "" , those stuffy investment counselors and  money managers , will always tell you that the best time to  buy is now . according to those guys , the longer you keep  your money in the market , the more money you ' re going to make .  ask them when is the best time to sell and their answer is  "" never "" .  in a sense , they are right . if you put $ 250 , 000 in an index  fund right now , you ' ll probably have over a million dollars  in thirty or forty years . but here ' s the problem :  do you want to wait thirty or forty years to be rich ?  hell no !  you want the money now - so you can enjoy it . it ' s hard to  make use of your fortune when you ' re seventy years old  in a wheelchair . if you could make a million dollars in  the next few years , what would you do with it ? where would  you travel ? what kind of car would you buy ?  the fact is . . . youth is the best time to be rich .  if your goal is to make quick profits in the market , volatility  is your ally , and stability your enemy . you want to see  those large upswings , two hundred points in a day , followed  by the four hundred point crash a week later . you don ' t  care if the market went up or down 20 % this year as long  it was unstable . that ' s how you ' re going to make the  money .  what i ' m talking about here is day trading .  my father invests the traditional way ; he holds some good stocks  and he goes up 30 k and down 30 k . in the long term of 5 - 10 years  he makes money .  the day trader buys or sells 5 , 000 shares of xyz for a  $ 25 , 000 profit in a 5 - 10 minute trade . he acts quickly , taking  advantage of all the information at his disposal about a  certain stock , and estimating whether it will go up or  down within hours , sometimes within minutes .  i can teach you how to do this - and how to make amazing  amounts of money at it . it ' s not rocket science , and you  only need to learn a few basic principles to get started .  society would have you believe that successful trading is  complicated and requires formal training .  the truth is , wealthy people use very simple investment  strategies to make money .  popular media and investment professionals portray successful  trading as difficult and complex to scare you out of the boxing  ring . they don ' t want the competetion - and they sure as hell  don ' t want you paying a few dollars to an online trading firm  to execute a trade for which they ' d charge you forty or fifty  dollars .  they make their money only if you believe two lies :  1 ) that investing is too difficult and risky for the average  person .  2 ) that using an investment adviser who charges a high  commission is safer than trading online for a few bucks  per trade .  here is what the financial gurus in today ' s society absolutely ,  positively do not want you to know . . .  the strategies for profitable day trading are in fact  so simple that anyone can do it - provided they spend  a few hours of studying .  after reading over 200 financial books and publications  during the past decade , and after using day trading  to successfully make more than four million dollars in  the stock market , i ' ve learned the following lessons :  * * achieving financial success is incredibly simple .  * * anyone can do it .  * * it only takes a few hours to learn .  when i discovered the secret to day trading , i didn ' t become  wealthy overnight . if you want instant cash , drive to wal - mart .  buy a ski mask and a shotgun , and rob your local bank . the  only way to get rich , quick or otherwise , is through  hard work , knowledge , and determination .  after learning the fundamentals of day trading , i started  practicing the trading art itself , and the first few weeks  brought modest gains . the next few months gave me the practical  experience i needed to really earn a living , and i was pulling  close to a six figure income . in less than three years with no  formal financial training , minimal effort and only moderate risk ,  i had made my first million . the knowledge that i gained  during those formative trading years i am willing to share  with you in my new book , the master trader . you will learn from  my mistakes , and from my successes , as i teach you the simple ,  secret formula for day trading that i ' ve used profitably  year after year .  the income of the day trader can be staggering . thousands , even  hundreds of thousands of dollars can be made or lost within  minutes . the difference between making money and losing your  shirt is simply this : knowledge . i will provide that knowledge ,  and i will give you a winning edge at this high - stakes game .  average income of a day trader :  5 % average an income in excess of $ 500 , 000 per year  22 % average an income in excess of $ 250 , 000 per year  35 % average an income in excess of $ 100 , 000 per year .  27 % average an income between $ 50 , 000 and $ 99 , 999 per year  11 % average an income between $ 20 , 000 and $ 49 , 999 per year  after reading the master trader , you will discover extremely  profitable , simple yet powerful trading methods that give  you an almost unfair trading advantage and make you  win despite the current market weakness .  here is just a snippet of what i will teach you :  * * * make money whether a stock goes up or down .  * * * learn how to get in and out of stocks within split seconds .  * * * learn exactly what stocks to trade , the exact price to  buy them and the exact price to sell them .  * * * save thousands of dollars by learning to avoid the  mistakes beginners make .  * * * learn how to trade stocks like a pro and how to make money  consistently in every market !  * * * learn proven strategies that give you the highest chance  for great success .  * * * profit on huge intraday price swings .  * * * make money on the biggest news stories .  * * * actively manage your risks and learn how to realize maximum  returns .  * * * learn how to use the tools and information wall street  professionals use .  * * * learn how to develop and maintain a winning state of mind .  it ' s time to ask yourself : "" am i going to listen to the  professionals who say buy buy buy but never sell ? or am  i going to take control of my own financial future , and  start making money right now in the stock market ? ""  who is looking out for your best economic interests - some  wealthy wall street stockbroker , or yourself ?  with the master trader e - book , you will learn everything you  need to know in order to get started with day trading . . . from  choosing the best broker in order to take advantage of the  lowest commissions and instant order executions to professional  trading strategies that make professional traders millions of  dollars .  the master trader e - book is the most comprehensive yet easy to  understand and straight - forward book ever written about active  trading . if you are serious about success in short term stock  trading - order today and start paving the road to your  own financial future .  oh , and remember that scraggly kid in the eighth grade ?  his high school friends laughed when he said he was going to  make money in the stock market .  six years later , he bought a beach - front home on the california  coast - with cash . oops , they weren ' t laughing anymore .  in a rollercoaster market like we have today , day trading  is the fastest track to wealth . if you ' re looking  for a long - term retirement investment with no risk  that goes up 5 % a year , then by all means , this ain ' t  your kind of game .  but if you want the quickest possible way to make a fortune  in the market , with the lowest element of risk , then  order the master trader e - book right now . i promise  to teach you all of the secrets that helped me become a  millionaire through successful day trading .  you don ' t need to know anything about the market , and  anyone can do it , with minimum effort . it ' s an easy  game to win if you know how the pieces move .  order the master trader e - book right now for only $ 49 . 97  by clicking on the link below :  http : / / 4 tools 4 life . com / qs  our company is strictly opposed to unsolicited emails .  to be removed from this list , please send an email  to "" bulkexpert @ yahoo . com "" ",1,wall street dirty little secret spring tall goofy looking kid middle school buck teeth freckles day cafeteria walked table table stealing kids lunch money rob gun knife made little deal let borrow two dollars today said bring five dollars next week investment good pass kids throwing lunch money like gravy mashed potatoes course next week rolled around pony cash promised pay even week would let keep investment little bit longer eventually end year came went high school started came girls homework parties sports poor kids eighth grade things mind last year lunch money made tidy sum middle school kid even get beat hidden inside story two greatest stock market secrets ever learn first greed number one enemy going turn week cash ahead wait boat sink grabbing lifejacket second never trust investment adviser kind looking money professionals stuffy investment counselors money managers always tell best time buy according guys longer keep money market money going make ask best time sell answer never sense right put index fund right probably million dollars thirty forty years problem want wait thirty forty years rich hell want money enjoy hard make use fortune seventy years old wheelchair could make million dollars next years would would travel kind car would buy fact youth best time rich goal make quick profits market volatility ally stability enemy want see large upswings two hundred points day followed four hundred point crash week later care market went year long unstable going make money talking day trading father invests traditional way holds good stocks goes k k long term years makes money day trader buys sells shares xyz profit minute trade acts quickly taking advantage information disposal certain stock estimating whether go within hours sometimes within minutes teach make amazing amounts money rocket science need learn basic principles get started society would believe successful trading complicated requires formal training truth wealthy people use simple investment strategies make money popular media investment professionals portray successful trading difficult complex scare boxing ring want competetion sure hell want paying dollars online trading firm execute trade charge forty fifty dollars make money believe two lies investing difficult risky average person using investment adviser charges high commission safer trading online bucks per trade financial gurus today society absolutely positively want know strategies profitable day trading fact simple anyone provided spend hours studying reading financial books publications past decade using day trading successfully make four million dollars stock market learned following lessons achieving financial success incredibly simple anyone takes hours learn discovered secret day trading become wealthy overnight want instant cash drive wal mart buy ski mask shotgun rob local bank way get rich quick otherwise hard work knowledge determination learning fundamentals day trading started practicing trading art first weeks brought modest gains next months gave practical experience needed really earn living pulling close six figure income less three years formal financial training minimal effort moderate risk made first million knowledge gained formative trading years willing share new book master trader learn mistakes successes teach simple secret formula day trading used profitably year year income day trader staggering thousands even hundreds thousands dollars made lost within minutes difference making money losing shirt simply knowledge provide knowledge give winning edge high stakes game average income day trader average income excess per year average income excess per year average income excess per year average income per year average income per year reading master trader discover extremely profitable simple yet powerful trading methods give almost unfair trading advantage make win despite current market weakness snippet teach make money whether stock goes learn get stocks within split seconds learn exactly stocks trade exact price buy exact price sell save thousands dollars learning avoid mistakes beginners make learn trade stocks like pro make money consistently every market learn proven strategies give highest chance great success profit huge intraday price swings make money biggest news stories actively manage risks learn realize maximum returns learn use tools information wall street professionals use learn develop maintain winning state mind time ask going listen professionals say buy buy buy never sell going take control financial future start making money right stock market looking best economic interests wealthy wall street stockbroker master trader e book learn everything need know order get started day trading choosing best broker order take advantage lowest commissions instant order executions professional trading strategies make professional traders millions dollars master trader e book comprehensive yet easy understand straight forward book ever written active trading serious success short term stock trading order today start paving road financial future oh remember scraggly kid eighth grade high school friends laughed said going make money stock market six years later bought beach front home california coast cash oops laughing anymore rollercoaster market like today day trading fastest track wealth looking long term retirement investment risk goes year means kind game want quickest possible way make fortune market lowest element risk order master trader e book right promise teach secrets helped become millionaire successful day trading need know anything market anyone minimum effort easy game win know pieces move order master trader e book right clicking link http tools life com qs company strictly opposed unsolicited emails removed list please send email bulkexpert yahoo com
"Subject: to your health - a guide to online pharmacies , drugs , and sexual well - being .  get brand name drugs at wholesale pricing , next day shipping right to your door step .  trust yourself . you know more than you think you do .  above all , try something .  it ' s a poor sort of memory that only works backward .",1,health guide online pharmacies drugs sexual well get brand name drugs wholesale pricing next day shipping right door step trust know think try something poor sort memory works backward
"Subject: re : mgmt 656  jack ,  this is up to the mba program .  i have no problem if they agreed to it .  the only constraint is the space and we  shall have to address the issue on thursday  during the first class .  vince  "" jack blanton , jr . "" on 02 / 28 / 2001 03 : 09 : 16 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : mgmt 656  dear proffesor kaminski  i wish to audit the energy derivatives class which  you are teaching on thursday nights . i am currently a  second year student in the emba program and am  chairman of nicklos drilling company . nicklos  drilling currently operates three land rigs along the  texas gulf coast and is constucting a fourth . i have  received permision from the emba program to audit the  class and the only conditions would be your permission  and space avalability .  thank you for your consideration ,  jack s . blanton , jr .  jblantonjr @ yahoo . com  713 - 222 - 0191  do you yahoo ! ?  get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail .  http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com /",0,mgmt jack mba program problem agreed constraint space shall address issue thursday first class vince jack blanton jr pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject mgmt dear proffesor kaminski wish audit energy derivatives class teaching thursday nights currently second year student emba program chairman nicklos drilling company nicklos drilling currently operates three land rigs along texas gulf coast constucting fourth received permision emba program audit class conditions would permission space avalability thank consideration jack blanton jr jblantonjr yahoo com yahoo get email domain yahoo mail http personal mail yahoo com
"Subject: research allocations to egm  hi becky ,  vince and i came up with these allocations for all of egm :  gary hickerson  rate & currency trading 10 . 0 %  agriculture trading  & origination 27 . 5 %  jeff shankman  weather 20 %  insurance 30 %  oil 7 . 5 %  coal 2 . 5 %  freight 2 . 5 %  total 100 %",0,research allocations egm hi becky vince came allocations egm gary hickerson rate currency trading agriculture trading origination jeff shankman weather insurance oil coal freight total
"Subject: re : invitation to speak at power 2000  emma ,  it ' s your choice . i can chair the session of day 2 or speak on one of these  topics .  please , let me know what works for you .  possible presentations :  evaluating the effectiveness of insurance as a risk management tool  or  applying real option theory to value power plants  or  overcoming the difficulties of accurately estimating volatility  vince  "" emma wolfin "" on 12 / 14 / 99 04 : 08 : 03 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : invitation to speak at power 2000  hi vince  it is my great pleasure to invite you to speak at power 2000 which will be  in houston on 9 & 10 may 2000 .  would you be interested in chairing one of the streams on day 2 of the  conference ? or making a full presentation on one of the days ? please let me  know which talks interest you . obviously , some of the talks are no longer  available but i would like to give you a choice as much as possible . please  could you get back to me asap on 212 925 1864 ext 151 or by return email .  i very much hope you can make the dates as i ' m very keen to have you  participate at power . not to flatter you unnecessarily , but i know that a  lot of people come to our conferences to hear what you have to say .  best regards  emma  - invite . doc",0,invitation speak power emma choice chair session day speak one topics please let know works possible presentations evaluating effectiveness insurance risk management tool applying real option theory value power plants overcoming difficulties accurately estimating volatility vince emma wolfin pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject invitation speak power hi vince great pleasure invite speak power houston may would interested chairing one streams day conference making full presentation one days please let know talks interest obviously talks longer available would like give choice much possible please could get back asap ext return email much hope make dates keen participate power flatter unnecessarily know lot people come conferences hear say best regards emma invite doc
"Subject: re : weekly international econ review  gwyn ,  i see no reason why we cannot include the article in monday ' s issue . of  course , vince will need to review it as he does for everyone ' s material . i ' m  forwarding a copy to him with this message .  regarding the software , you can just initiate a security request online and  order it . we can put issues online the old way until they set you up with  the new stuff . by the way , i ' m going to be gone thursday and friday , so when  your new issue is ready on friday , you should send it to elena . i know she  will be here at least in the morning .  sam  gwyn koepke  10 / 17 / 2000 11 : 29 am  to : william smith / corp / enron @ enron  cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : weekly international econ review  sam , this is great , thanks for taking care of that so quickly ! i will check  on the software needed and get back to you today .  also , maureen and i co - authored a paper on ppp and our thai forecast that  might be appropriate for the tech corner . i ' ve attached it below . please  advise if we can get this into the tech corner for next week .  thanks ,  gwyn  from : william smith 10 / 17 / 2000 08 : 34 am  to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : weekly international econ review  gwyn ,  i was successful in my efforts to put your new product on the web site ! have  a look ! i know elena may want to modify it a bit , but at least it ' s up  there . i have a couple of suggestions for your future efforts :  get adobe acrobat 4 . 0 , full version ( not just the reader ) - - - this will allow  you to publish it in final form from your desk .  do you have access to the y : drive ? it ' s a drive mapped off of o : \ research  and all of the web pages are there . let me know , and if you don ' t , as long  as you have rights to o : \ research , i can come down and map if for you .  then , all you have to do is print the new edition to pdf , then save it to the  same spot each time , and it ' s automatically online .  sam",0,weekly international econ review gwyn see reason include article monday issue course vince need review everyone material forwarding copy message regarding software initiate security request online order put issues online old way set new stuff way going gone thursday friday new issue ready friday send elena know least morning sam gwyn koepke william smith corp enron enron cc maureen raymond hou ect ect subject weekly international econ review sam great thanks taking care quickly check software needed get back today also maureen co authored paper ppp thai forecast might appropriate tech corner attached please advise get tech corner next week thanks gwyn william smith gwyn koepke na enron enron cc subject weekly international econ review gwyn successful efforts put new product web site look know elena may want modify bit least couple suggestions future efforts get adobe acrobat full version reader allow publish final form desk access drive drive mapped research web pages let know long rights research come map print new edition pdf save spot time automatically online sam
"Subject: re :  denise ,  no problem .  we shall prepare a short presentation to address these issues .  vince kaminski  denise furey @ ees  01 / 09 / 2001 11 : 12 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  i hope you have seen the email below . do you have any problem with what  jeremy has asked you or your group to address . is there anything that you  want us to supply to you to assist you ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by denise furey / hou / ees on 01 / 09 / 2001 11 : 11  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  denise furey  01 / 08 / 2001 11 : 46 am  to : gayle w muench / hou / ees @ ees , michael tribolet / corp / enron @ enron , william s  bradford / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc : don black / hou / ees @ ees , tony spruiell / hou / ees @ ees  subject :  i believe all of you received a request from jeremy blachman to hold the  afternoon of january 10 th open for an off - site to discuss the manner in which  rac and research assess / test the credit quality of ees transactions . i  realize that rac and ees have had many discussions as to the methodology , but  it might be helpful for all of us to understand the actual derivation of some  of analysis . please call me with any questions or comments at ext # 30349 .  the agenda will be as follows :  12 : 00 - 1 : 00 lunch  1 : 00 - 3 : 30 presentations  3 : 30 - to close discussion  rac / research presentations  the following topics would be of interest to ees :  1 - the derivation of default probabilities including ( research )  - - a discussion of the actual mathematical process ,  - - the analytics behind why these computations are deemed the best for  enron ,  - - a comparison to historic default rates and why they differ ( in respect  to actual default rates , shape of the cumulative default curves etc .  2 - the volatilities which are used to determine possible loss scenarios for  the commodity portion of ees deals including ( research )  - - the selection of curves  - - the application of those curves to the actual credit reserve model and  - - why these particular tests are applicable to our products .  3 - the recovery rates used in the credit reserve model . how are these  figures derived ? ( rac )  4 - how rac and research have adjusted the credit reserve model to  accommodate unusual aspects of the deal including ( rac )  - - promotion payments ,  - - accounts receivable  - - committed capital  - - and other factors  ees also understands that some of you may be familiar with our processes ,  however , there are perhaps areas that you would like to understand more  fully . please tell us what you would like to hear from us .  also , rac has sent us the credit reserve model and i have seen completed  models . perhaps prior to our meeting on wednesday , someone from rac and / or  research could sit with me and someone from phil layton ' s group and go  through the process of how the various pieces are put together .",0,denise problem shall prepare short presentation address issues vince kaminski denise furey ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject hope seen email problem jeremy asked group address anything want us supply assist forwarded denise furey hou ees denise furey gayle w muench hou ees ees michael tribolet corp enron enron william bradford hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc black hou ees ees tony spruiell hou ees ees subject believe received request jeremy blachman hold afternoon january th open site discuss manner rac research assess test credit quality ees transactions realize rac ees many discussions methodology might helpful us understand actual derivation analysis please call questions comments ext agenda follows lunch presentations close discussion rac research presentations following topics would interest ees derivation default probabilities including research discussion actual mathematical process analytics behind computations deemed best enron comparison historic default rates differ respect actual default rates shape cumulative default curves etc volatilities used determine possible loss scenarios commodity portion ees deals including research selection curves application curves actual credit reserve model particular tests applicable products recovery rates used credit reserve model figures derived rac rac research adjusted credit reserve model accommodate unusual aspects deal including rac promotion payments accounts receivable committed capital factors ees also understands may familiar processes however perhaps areas would like understand fully please tell us would like hear us also rac sent us credit reserve model seen completed models perhaps prior meeting wednesday someone rac research could sit someone phil layton group go process various pieces put together
"Subject: re : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes .  i shall be glad to chat with you .  vince  iris . mack @ paribas . com on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 24 : 27 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : denis . autier @ paribas . com  subject : greetings from london ( to enron )  dear dr . kaminski ,  how are you ? it was nice to meet you at the real options conference in  nyc .  i was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk . in  particular , by your use of real options to hedge financial options . this is  something i am interested in as well .  when you have some time , could we chat about this topic in a bit more  detail ?  thanks for your time and consideration . hope to hear from you soon .  regards ,  iris mack  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a  commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided  for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * .  any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either  whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended  recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately .  * bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa  ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en  aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas *  sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le  groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion ,  meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes  pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement  l ' expediteur .  * le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas sa",0,greetings london enron iris please feel free give call minutes shall glad chat vince iris mack paribas com vkamins enron com cc denis autier paribas com subject greetings london enron dear dr kaminski nice meet real options conference nyc intrigued comments conference talk particular use real options hedge financial options something interested well time could chat topic bit detail thanks time consideration hope hear soon regards iris mack message confidential contents constitute commitment bnp paribas group except provided written agreement bnp paribas group unauthorised disclosure use dissemination either whole partial prohibited intended recipient message please notify sender immediately bnp paribas group trading name bnp sa paribas sa ce message est confidentiel son contenu ne represente en aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le groupe bnp paribas toute publication utilisation ou diffusion meme partielle doit etre autorisee prealablement si vous n etes pas destinataire de ce message merci en avertir immediatement l expediteur le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas sa
"Subject: re : eci id for stinson  steve -  could you please escalate per our conversation  thank you  paula  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paula corey / enron communications on  01 / 21 / 2000 08 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner @ ect  01 / 21 / 2000 08 : 09 am  to : timothy morita - mcvey / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron  cc : paula corey / enron communications @ enron communications , jean mrha / enron  communications @ enron communications  subject : re : eci id for stinson  timothy :  i still have a problem . when i am on the eci network i cannot receive  email , and , even worse , i cannot even send email . this is not an  acceptable situation . i need to have a fully functional email account on  the eci side as well as the ena side . don ' t tell me that its against  policy because i know that ravi thuraisingham has already be set up this way  for months . i don ' t care if mail from one network is forwarded to the  other as i will have access in houston to both , but i can already see that i  need to have functional accounts on both sides , or it will be a continual  thorn in my side when travelling to portland , etc . . .  again thanks for your help on getting this set up correctly ,  - - stinson gibner  x 34748  from : timothy morita - mcvey @ enron communications on 01 / 19 / 2000 10 : 20 am pst  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect @ enron  cc :  subject : re : eci id  thanks stinson ,  that should give me what i need .  i understand that you will have two notes id ' s with the eci mail forwarded to  your "" stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect @ enron "" address .  i should be able to complete this today ( later today )  thanks ,  timothy morita - mcvey  lotus notes administrator  enron communications , inc .  503 . 886 . 0390  timothy _ morita - mcvey @ enron . net  stinson gibner @ ect  01 / 19 / 00 09 : 07 am  to : timothy morita - mcvey / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : eci id  i must have written down your phone number incorrectly , it did not work .  regarding my user id on the eci network , i would be set up in the same way  as ravi thuraisingham with an id on both the ena and the eci networks . i am  in the corp . research group but am spending about 80 % of my time in support  of eci in the trading and origination areas .  feel free to contact me if you need any further info .  - - stinson  houston x 34748",0,eci id stinson steve could please escalate per conversation thank paula forwarded paula corey enron communications stinson gibner ect timothy morita mcvey enron communications enron communications enron cc paula corey enron communications enron communications jean mrha enron communications enron communications subject eci id stinson timothy still problem eci network receive email even worse even send email acceptable situation need fully functional email account eci side well ena side tell policy know ravi thuraisingham already set way months care mail one network forwarded access houston already see need functional accounts sides continual thorn side travelling portland etc thanks help getting set correctly stinson gibner x timothy morita mcvey enron communications pst stinson gibner hou ect ect enron cc subject eci id thanks stinson give need understand two notes id eci mail forwarded stinson gibner hou ect ect enron address able complete today later today thanks timothy morita mcvey lotus notes administrator enron communications inc timothy morita mcvey enron net stinson gibner ect timothy morita mcvey enron communications enron communications cc subject eci id must written phone number incorrectly work regarding user id eci network would set way ravi thuraisingham id ena eci networks corp research group spending time support eci trading origination areas feel free contact need info stinson houston x
"Subject: anjam and kirstee ,  as i have suspected the position as of 6 / 30 vs 7 / 19 makes the difference . the  first table first column is my var number with 6 / 30 position and gold & silver  prices , the second column is your var with 7 / 19 position and dummy  gold & silver prices . the second table first column is my var with 7 / 19  position and 6 / 30 gold & silver prices , the second column is as before .  i would ask you to plug the gold and silver prices and see what kind of  numbers you get in order to verify we are on the same page . please refer to  modelvar 2000 . xls that i have sent you for gold & silver prices and  volatilities .  thank you ,  cantekin  table 1  table 2",0,anjam kirstee suspected position vs makes difference first table first column var number position gold silver prices second column var position dummy gold silver prices second table first column var position gold silver prices second column would ask plug gold silver prices see kind numbers get order verify page please refer modelvar xls sent gold silver prices volatilities thank cantekin table table
"Subject: california update 3 / 06 / 01  executive summary  ? if no comprehensive deal is reached by april 9 th , chances of bankruptcy  increase due to a one day "" opt - out "" clause in all long - term power contracts .  ? pg & e and state locked in tough negotiations , several issues on the table :  puc - imposed requirement forcing pg state - 2 . 3 times book value vs . pg & e - 4 times book value  ? pg & e will not use any of the $ 1 b secured last week to help their ailing  utility .  ? davis ' s announcement of long term power contract didn ' t include some  details :  of the 8 , 800 megawatts secured this far , only 6 , 000 are available this  summer  some of the "" long term contracts "" are really only for three months  none of the contracts prevent california from buying peak demand on the spot  market  ? one the same day davis announced long term contracts , davis also quietly  announce a 10 % rate hike .  ? ferc may be the wild card in approving this deal .  pg & e  transmissions deal  one thing that is still uncertain is pg & e . bankruptcy may still be a likely  alternative if current negotiations to buy pg & e ' s share of the electric  transmission grid fail to produce a deal by april 9 ( when all long - term power  contracts being negotiated have a one - day "" opt - out "" clause they can exercise  unilaterally if a "" comprehensive solution "" has not been reached by the state  and its major utilities ) . according to sources close to senior pg & e  officials , pg & e made it clear that any hope for a politically acceptable deal  on the transmission lines depends on the california government ' s willingness  to make a major financial commitment it has been completely unwilling to make  until now .  pg & e will not make a final deal to sell its grid unless davis agrees to  relieve it of the puc - imposed requirement to be the "" electricity buyer of  last resort . "" current state regulations make the utility companies  ultimately responsible for generating or purchasing enough electricity at all  times to supply california ' s energy needs . as long as the state steps in and  makes those purchases , as it has for the past three months , the utilities are  shielded from absorbing the losses generated by paying premiums for spot  market power and selling to consumers who are shielded by low rate ceilings .  but , pg & e officials are worried 1 ) this summer ' s supply and 2 ) davis ' s  concern over how fast he is draining the state ' s budget surplus . if things  get into a crunch this summer and davis makes a new decision that the state  will pay only for the electricity it buys through long - term contracts , then  pg & e will be left holding the bag .  thus , as part of the negotiations over buying the electricity grid , pg & e is  demanding a "" comprehensive solution "" that includes not being liable for cost  differentials between the spot market purchase and what consumers are allowed  to pay . state officials are in no mood to grant that kind of "" get out of  jail free "" card , so the two sides remain locked in extremely tough  negotiations that are complicated by three other factors : ( 1 ) pg ( 2 ) state legislative  demands that the price davis negotiate for pg and ( 3 ) the ferc must  "" positively approve "" any grid purchase by the state of california .  the principal concern on the price front is that pg & e wants to sell the  electricity grid for nearly four times the estimated book value of their  transmission , while consumer groups insist that two times book value is the  politically acceptable limit . "" we see 2 . 3 times book value as an absolute  upper bound . there is no way pg & e will get more than that , whatever they  think , "" according to the leader of one main consumer groups . "" we are going  to try to force any deals down to about 2 . 0 in any case . "" negotiators for  davis are also trying to ' proposition - proof ' any transmission deal to protect  against a later ballot proposal . they think there are ways to do that , but  not if the price of pg & e ' s part of the grid triggers a ballot initiative .  remember , if davis ' s eventual solution triggers a ballot initiative , he will  be running for re - election on the same ballot as a public initiative designed  to overturn his solution .  on the sacramento front - no one understands pg & e ' s motives  the one question no one in sacramento can figure out is what kind of game  pg & e is playing . in a three day period pg & e made a series of announcements  that left everyone scratching their heads .  ? late thursday , pg & e officials leaked information to california papers that  they had agreed in principle to sell their part of the electricity  transmission grid to the state , which seemed like obvious good news , but then  made it clear in discussions that the price they were asking was at least 30 %  above what the state was currently offering . while a deal can still be done ,  anything like the $ 10 billion pg & e wants would be very hard to get through  the california legislature which needs to approve any purchase .  ? late friday , pg & e officials announced that they had secured a $ 1 billion  loan for the parent company ( not the electricity utility ) and would use the  money to pay off bondholders , other creditors and to return $ 161 million to  shareholders in a new dividend payout . not a cent of that money was  earmarked to help the struggling electricity orphan of pg & e and that left at  least one rating agency convinced that the company was more ready to send the  utility into bankruptcy than had been previously understood .  ? over the weekend , pg & e leaked a story claiming that it was willing to pay  off its energy suppliers ' debt for 15 cents on the dollar right now . for  generators who are having to make decisions each morning about whether to  start legal actions that protect their rights in any eventual bankruptcy  action or hold off on the assumption that the politics of this process will  "" make them whole "" in a couple of months , that kind of trial balloon is  extremely unnerving .  thus , in a very short time period , pg & e ' s corporate owners showed they could  access public credit markets with relative ease and then showed that they  were unwilling to use these funds to smooth the way toward a solution to the  energy crisis . davis has demanded that all of the major utilities absorb at  least a part of the $ 13 billion debt they have accumulated since last summer  and pg & e ' s fund - raising will harden and deepen those demands . as one senior  political official told our source "" just when you think the corporate  leadership of that company has insulted us as completely as possible , they  come up with something even more outrageous . ""  pg and some of these "" long - term contracts "" are actually only good  for three months . none of these contracts , however , keep california from  having to buy the most expensive peak demand electricity on the spot market .  davis agrees on new consumer electricity rate hikes for next year  while the media was concern with davis ' s announcement of long term contracts  for california , of less concern to the media was davis ' s quietly announced a  decision to let rates rise again for electricity consumers . the state will  accept the 10 % emergency surcharge levied on consumers in january as a  permanent increase as well as an additional 10 % increase for consumers that  will take effect early 2002 when the old 1996 rate cut legislation expires .  that would bring the average charge to about 8 cents a kilowatt hour .  ferc  the other major danger to the transmission line deal is that the federal  energy regulatory commission can block the deal simply by failing to approve  it in a positive vote . senior california officials and legislators doubt that  ferc has jurisdiction , and believe that ferc would not dare stop a deal . but  they may be wrong . "" the deal can only go through if ferc specifically signs  off on the deal . its power over transmission deal is absolute , no matter what  anyone says , "" according to source close to the president . there are three  possibilities : 1 ) ferc could "" pocket veto "" it by not even putting it on  agenda for discussion ; 2 ) the deal is put on the agenda but it gets voted  down . the democrat on the commission , william massey , has already said he is  opposed to it ; or 3 ) the commission could approve it but with condition that  davis has to agree to bring the lines into a regional grid system .  one complicating factor in the ferc decision , however , is that its chairman  curt hebert , who is adamantly opposed to the transmission line sale , may not  be around long enough to have his say . "" hebert is definitely not a shoo in  for the ferc chairman position , "" says one washington official . two other  appointments to the commission will soon be named , this official notes , and  one of them "" could easily become chairman . """,0,california update executive summary comprehensive deal reached april th chances bankruptcy increase due one day opt clause long term power contracts pg e state locked tough negotiations several issues table puc imposed requirement forcing pg state times book value vs pg e times book value pg e use b secured last week help ailing utility davis announcement long term power contract include details megawatts secured far available summer long term contracts really three months none contracts prevent california buying peak demand spot market one day davis announced long term contracts davis also quietly announce rate hike ferc may wild card approving deal pg e transmissions deal one thing still uncertain pg e bankruptcy may still likely alternative current negotiations buy pg e share electric transmission grid fail produce deal april long term power contracts negotiated one day opt clause exercise unilaterally comprehensive solution reached state major utilities according sources close senior pg e officials pg e made clear hope politically acceptable deal transmission lines depends california government willingness make major financial commitment completely unwilling make pg e make final deal sell grid unless davis agrees relieve puc imposed requirement electricity buyer last resort current state regulations make utility companies ultimately responsible generating purchasing enough electricity times supply california energy needs long state steps makes purchases past three months utilities shielded absorbing losses generated paying premiums spot market power selling consumers shielded low rate ceilings pg e officials worried summer supply davis concern fast draining state budget surplus things get crunch summer davis makes new decision state pay electricity buys long term contracts pg e left holding bag thus part negotiations buying electricity grid pg e demanding comprehensive solution includes liable cost differentials spot market purchase consumers allowed pay state officials mood grant kind get jail free card two sides remain locked extremely tough negotiations complicated three factors pg state legislative demands price davis negotiate pg ferc must positively approve grid purchase state california principal concern price front pg e wants sell electricity grid nearly four times estimated book value transmission consumer groups insist two times book value politically acceptable limit see times book value absolute upper bound way pg e get whatever think according leader one main consumer groups going try force deals case negotiators davis also trying proposition proof transmission deal protect later ballot proposal think ways price pg e part grid triggers ballot initiative remember davis eventual solution triggers ballot initiative running election ballot public initiative designed overturn solution sacramento front one understands pg e motives one question one sacramento figure kind game pg e playing three day period pg e made series announcements left everyone scratching heads late thursday pg e officials leaked information california papers agreed principle sell part electricity transmission grid state seemed like obvious good news made clear discussions price asking least state currently offering deal still done anything like billion pg e wants would hard get california legislature needs approve purchase late friday pg e officials announced secured billion loan parent company electricity utility would use money pay bondholders creditors return million shareholders new dividend payout cent money earmarked help struggling electricity orphan pg e left least one rating agency convinced company ready send utility bankruptcy previously understood weekend pg e leaked story claiming willing pay energy suppliers debt cents dollar right generators make decisions morning whether start legal actions protect rights eventual bankruptcy action hold assumption politics process make whole couple months kind trial balloon extremely unnerving thus short time period pg e corporate owners showed could access public credit markets relative ease showed unwilling use funds smooth way toward solution energy crisis davis demanded major utilities absorb least part billion debt accumulated since last summer pg e fund raising harden deepen demands one senior political official told source think corporate leadership company insulted us completely possible come something even outrageous pg long term contracts actually good three months none contracts however keep california buy expensive peak demand electricity spot market davis agrees new consumer electricity rate hikes next year media concern davis announcement long term contracts california less concern media davis quietly announced decision let rates rise electricity consumers state accept emergency surcharge levied consumers january permanent increase well additional increase consumers take effect early old rate cut legislation expires would bring average charge cents kilowatt hour ferc major danger transmission line deal federal energy regulatory commission block deal simply failing approve positive vote senior california officials legislators doubt ferc jurisdiction believe ferc would dare stop deal may wrong deal go ferc specifically signs deal power transmission deal absolute matter anyone says according source close president three possibilities ferc could pocket veto even putting agenda discussion deal put agenda gets voted democrat commission william massey already said opposed commission could approve condition davis agree bring lines regional grid system one complicating factor ferc decision however chairman curt hebert adamantly opposed transmission line sale may around long enough say hebert definitely shoo ferc chairman position says one washington official two appointments commission soon named official notes one could easily become chairman
"Subject: re : a resume - canadian trader  john ,  he is currently a student at carnegie mellon , one - year computational finance  program . i got his resume recruiting in the campus . i would recommend him as  a potential hire ( my group or trading ) .  vince  john j lavorato @ enron  12 / 10 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : a resume - canadian trader  vince where did this resume come from and is he still employed by the  national bank in monteal .",0,resume canadian trader john currently student carnegie mellon one year computational finance program got resume recruiting campus would recommend potential hire group trading vince john j lavorato enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject resume canadian trader vince resume come still employed national bank monteal
"Subject: enron in europe : emerging europe : enron plugs on in poland - - -  power market ' s vast . . .  vicek - sadzilem , ze moze bedziesz chcial to przeczytac .  pozdrowienia - jarek  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jarek astramowicz / war / ect on 2000 - 04 - 17  17 : 15 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  iona maclean  2000 - 04 - 13 08 : 23  to : jackie gentle / lon / ect @ ect , eric shaw / lon / ect @ ect , jarek  astramowicz / war / ect @ ect , brian stanley / eu / enron @ enron , philip  davies / lon / ect @ ect , ed cattigan / eu / enron @ enron , nigel  beresford / eu / enron @ enron , andrew morrison / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : enron in europe : emerging europe : enron plugs on in poland - - - power  market ' s vast . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by iona maclean / lon / ect on 13 / 04 / 2000 07 : 23  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com 13 / 04 / 2000  07 : 30  please respond to nobody @ maill . djnr . com  to : 96939 @ mailman . enron . com  cc : ( bcc : iona maclean / lon / ect )  subject : enron in europe : emerging europe : enron plugs on in poland  - - - power market ' s vast . . .  emerging europe :  enron plugs on in poland  - - -  power market ' s vast potential holds allure , but an uncertain future  - - -  after six years , profit from company ' s power operations remains years  away  by elizabeth williamson  04 / 13 / 2000  the wall street journal europe  9  ( copyright ( c ) 2000 , dow jones & company , inc . )  nowa sarzyna , poland - - from a small power plant humming among the  birches near the ukrainian border , enron corp . has staked its claim on  the polish energy market .  yet after six years , the company is still seeking a mother lode .  the houston - based energy producer and trader entered poland in 1994 ,  nabbed one of the first power - trading licenses to go to a foreign  company and began work on elektrocieplownie nowa sarzyna , poland ' s first  new , foreign - operated heat - and - power plant .  other companies followed , including electricite de france , rwe ag of  germany , vattenfall ab of sweden and tractebel sa of belgium .  the prize could be a rich one . all of these companies hope to profit  as poland sells its state energy assets and frees prices before joining  the european union .  a wholesale power bourse is due to open in warsaw in july . and the  country ' s transmission links to markets east and west could make poland  the power - trading hub of central europe .  but after six years in poland , enron has yet to earn a profit . net  income from nowa sarzyna , which is to begin commercial production later  this month , is at least five years away . power - trading operations might  generate profits next year , if the new bourse gets moving . but that is  "" one big question mark , "" says jarek astramowicz , enron poland ' s  president .  indeed , despite its promise , poland ' s energy sector remains a  sizzling tangle of aging plants , archaic market agreements and complex ,  shifting regulations .  enron , with $ 40 billion ( 41 . 69 billion euros ) in annual revenue , is  an innovator and an investment bellwether for its peers . but in a power  market as negatively charged as poland ' s , the company also is an example  of how shaky market conditions can keep even the savviest competitors  offline .  "" these are very large operations and to some extent they can bear  some risks , "" says pawel kaminski , energy - sector operations officer at  the world bank in warsaw . "" but eventually they have to generate some  return . ""  enron pioneered wholesale gas and electricity trading in the u . s . it  entered europe in 1989 , setting up in london as the u . k . ' s energy sector  liberalized . it entered the nordic market in 1996 , and today is the nord  pool ' s largest - volume trader .  enron says it takes about two years to find a site and obtain permits  for a power plant , and a further 29 months for construction .  just four years after entering the u . k . , enron finished its  1 , 875 - megawatt teesside plant . teesside ' s capacity and cost , at gbp 795  million ( 1 . 32 billion euros ) , are many times larger than nowa sarzyna ' s .  yet teesside was completed in only two - thirds the time . the company  declines to compare development times in various countries .  "" i wouldn ' t necessarily put poland into the same category as russia , ""  says philip davies , regulatory and government - affairs manager at enron  europe in london . "" but obviously , given poland ' s ( planned economy ) past ,  it probably takes a bit longer to work through the regulatory process  and get to the starting point . ""  at nowa sarzyna , it took enron nearly twice the usual time to reach  the starting point , even though mr . astramowicz already knew the site ,  and the polish power industry ' s rules .  the nowa sarzyna plant was mr . astramowicz ' s brainchild , and he  burned out the engine in his first bmw as he traveled between warsaw and  the town to craft the deal . a freelance energy - sector entrepreneur  before joining enron , mr . astramowicz sold his interest in nowa sarzyna  to enron in 1998 .  enron has spent $ 132 million to build nowa sarzyna , a 116 - megawatt ,  gas - fired combined heat - and - power plant . quiet , clean and efficient , the  plant stands in stark contrast to most of poland ' s belching , coal - fired  behemoths . when it starts up this month , it will sell its electricity to  the polish power grid , the country ' s high - voltage network , under a  20 - year power - purchase agreement , or ppa , that enron won in 1997 . steam  output goes to organika , the chemical company next door , and helps heat  the town of nowa sarzyna .  the nowa sarzyna plant is more than 80 % financed by commercial - bank  loans for which the only collateral is the plant ' s concluded contracts .  "" they were betting on their good name , "" says michael davies , a  partner with allen & overy , the warsaw law firm that advised enron  poland ' s lenders . "" they are pushing envelopes all the time . ""  that is especially true in a market with 30 % overcapacity , where an  energy law didn ' t even exist until 1997 .  says peter bisztyga , emerging europe utilities analyst at solomon  smith barney in london : "" because enron signed a ppa , they are ok . . .  ( but ) i ' m really not sure building nowa sarzyna was such a good idea . ""  mr . bisztyga says enron could have generated a faster return by  renovating an existing power plant . but , he acknowledges , nowa sarzyna  "" allowed enron to get into the polish market early and stamp their name  on it . ""  in 1994 , polish power plants weren ' t for sale . energy asset  privatization , discussed for years , began in earnest only this year . by  2002 , the polish government proposes to sell off stakes in dozens of  power plants , 33 distribution companies and the polish power grid , a  12 , 000 - kilometer national transmission network of high - voltage lines .  the assets have a total book value of 33 billion zlotys ( 8 . 4 billion  euros ) , but murky regulations have driven prices down .  "" the regulations don ' t promote competition and so you don ' t really  know the price of electricity , "" says bengt wegemo , president of  vattenfall poland . earlier this year , vattenfall paid $ 235 million for  55 % in warsaw - based elektrocieplownie warszawskie , promising $ 340  million in investment in the heat - and - power plant over the next 10  years .  investors hope the new power market will bring clarity over pricing .  ultimately , 170 licensed energy traders and 200 large power users will  trade on the bourse , setting the wholesale price of electricity . the  polish bourse will be modeled on its nordic counterpart . enron , the nord  pool ' s largest trader , hopes to post polish trading profits by 2001 .  but first , say market experts , poland ' s 1997 energy law must be  amended to ease functioning of the bourse , and free up access to  poland ' s distribution network .  further , the government says it must solve the competition problem  posed by the polish power grid ' s power - purchase agreements , which  account for 70 % of energy sales in poland . some state - owned plants used  the agreements as collateral to secure modernization financing . when  prices are freed , these plants might go bankrupt if forced to compete  with plants that didn ' t spend money to modernize .  the government is contemplating a special fund to compensate the  modernized plants for their extra costs . though nowa sarzyna is a  private plant , the price enron must charge for its power is about twice  what outmoded plants charge .  "" we are hoping that continuous , efficient operation of the plant will  generate us a ( bigger ) profit , "" mr . astramowicz says .  another problem is cross - border power trading , where contradictory  legislation essentially gives a monopoly to the polish power grid , also  known as pse . enron and others protest that pse shouldn ' t compete with  electricity - market participants who contract with it for transmission  service .  pse intends to stay in the trading business , says marek zerka , pse ' s  vice president . in late march , pse and local company kulczyk holding  signed an agreement with preussenelektra ag of germany to export  electricity and coal to eu countries via germany .  "" this is great news , "" mr . astramowicz says . "" if this joint venture  gets access to pse ' s cross - border transmission capacity . . . i would  expect pse to confirm open access to all market participants . ""  enron and others are pushing hard for that access . "" as soon as the  market becomes open , free and non - discriminatory , we will come out at a  decent profit , "" mr . astramowicz says .  folder name : enron in europe  relevance score on scale of 100 : 78  to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or  contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com  or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511  or contact your local sales representative . )  copyright ( c ) 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved",0,enron europe emerging europe enron plugs poland power market vast vicek sadzilem ze moze bedziesz chcial przeczytac pozdrowienia jarek forwarded jarek astramowicz war ect iona maclean jackie gentle lon ect ect eric shaw lon ect ect jarek astramowicz war ect ect brian stanley eu enron enron philip davies lon ect ect ed cattigan eu enron enron nigel beresford eu enron enron andrew morrison lon ect ect cc subject enron europe emerging europe enron plugs poland power market vast forwarded iona maclean lon ect enron capital trade resources corp djcustomclips djinteractive com please respond nobody maill djnr com mailman enron com cc bcc iona maclean lon ect subject enron europe emerging europe enron plugs poland power market vast emerging europe enron plugs poland power market vast potential holds allure uncertain future six years profit company power operations remains years away elizabeth williamson wall street journal europe copyright c dow jones company inc nowa sarzyna poland small power plant humming among birches near ukrainian border enron corp staked claim polish energy market yet six years company still seeking mother lode houston based energy producer trader entered poland nabbed one first power trading licenses go foreign company began work elektrocieplownie nowa sarzyna poland first new foreign operated heat power plant companies followed including electricite de france rwe ag germany vattenfall ab sweden tractebel sa belgium prize could rich one companies hope profit poland sells state energy assets frees prices joining european union wholesale power bourse due open warsaw july country transmission links markets east west could make poland power trading hub central europe six years poland enron yet earn profit net income nowa sarzyna begin commercial production later month least five years away power trading operations might generate profits next year new bourse gets moving one big question mark says jarek astramowicz enron poland president indeed despite promise poland energy sector remains sizzling tangle aging plants archaic market agreements complex shifting regulations enron billion billion euros annual revenue innovator investment bellwether peers power market negatively charged poland company also example shaky market conditions keep even savviest competitors offline large operations extent bear risks says pawel kaminski energy sector operations officer world bank warsaw eventually generate return enron pioneered wholesale gas electricity trading u entered europe setting london u k energy sector liberalized entered nordic market today nord pool largest volume trader enron says takes two years find site obtain permits power plant months construction four years entering u k enron finished megawatt teesside plant teesside capacity cost gbp million billion euros many times larger nowa sarzyna yet teesside completed two thirds time company declines compare development times various countries necessarily put poland category russia says philip davies regulatory government affairs manager enron europe london obviously given poland planned economy past probably takes bit longer work regulatory process get starting point nowa sarzyna took enron nearly twice usual time reach starting point even though mr astramowicz already knew site polish power industry rules nowa sarzyna plant mr astramowicz brainchild burned engine first bmw traveled warsaw town craft deal freelance energy sector entrepreneur joining enron mr astramowicz sold interest nowa sarzyna enron enron spent million build nowa sarzyna megawatt gas fired combined heat power plant quiet clean efficient plant stands stark contrast poland belching coal fired behemoths starts month sell electricity polish power grid country high voltage network year power purchase agreement ppa enron steam output goes organika chemical company next door helps heat town nowa sarzyna nowa sarzyna plant financed commercial bank loans collateral plant concluded contracts betting good name says michael davies partner allen overy warsaw law firm advised enron poland lenders pushing envelopes time especially true market overcapacity energy law even exist says peter bisztyga emerging europe utilities analyst solomon smith barney london enron signed ppa ok really sure building nowa sarzyna good idea mr bisztyga says enron could generated faster return renovating existing power plant acknowledges nowa sarzyna allowed enron get polish market early stamp name polish power plants sale energy asset privatization discussed years began earnest year polish government proposes sell stakes dozens power plants distribution companies polish power grid kilometer national transmission network high voltage lines assets total book value billion zlotys billion euros murky regulations driven prices regulations promote competition really know price electricity says bengt wegemo president vattenfall poland earlier year vattenfall paid million warsaw based elektrocieplownie warszawskie promising million investment heat power plant next years investors hope new power market bring clarity pricing ultimately licensed energy traders large power users trade bourse setting wholesale price electricity polish bourse modeled nordic counterpart enron nord pool largest trader hopes post polish trading profits first say market experts poland energy law must amended ease functioning bourse free access poland distribution network government says must solve competition problem posed polish power grid power purchase agreements account energy sales poland state owned plants used agreements collateral secure modernization financing prices freed plants might go bankrupt forced compete plants spend money modernize government contemplating special fund compensate modernized plants extra costs though nowa sarzyna private plant price enron must charge power twice outmoded plants charge hoping continuous efficient operation plant generate us bigger profit mr astramowicz says another problem cross border power trading contradictory legislation essentially gives monopoly polish power grid also known pse enron others protest pse compete electricity market participants contract transmission service pse intends stay trading business says marek zerka pse vice president late march pse local company kulczyk holding signed agreement preussenelektra ag germany export electricity coal eu countries via germany great news mr astramowicz says joint venture gets access pse cross border transmission capacity would expect pse confirm open access market participants enron others pushing hard access soon market becomes open free non discriminatory come decent profit mr astramowicz says folder name enron europe relevance score scale review revise folder visit http www djinteractive com contact dow jones customer service e mail custom news bis dowjones com phone outside u canada call contact local sales representative copyright c dow jones company inc rights reserved
"Subject: [ ilug ] guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days 10 . 206  1 ) fight the risk of cancer !  2 ) slim down - guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days  3 ) get the child support you deserve - free legal advice  4 ) join the web ' s fastest growing singles community  5 ) start your private photo album online !  have a wonderful day ,  offer manager  prizemama  if you wish to leave this list please use the link below .  - -  irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug guaranteed lose lbs days fight risk cancer slim guaranteed lose lbs days get child support deserve free legal advice join web fastest growing singles community start private photo album online wonderful day offer manager prizemama wish leave list please use link irish linux users group ilug linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo ilug un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: invitation to speak at power 2000  hi vince  it is my great pleasure to invite you to speak at power 2000 which will be  in houston on 9 & 10 may 2000 .  would you be interested in chairing one of the streams on day 2 of the  conference ? or making a full presentation on one of the days ? please let me  know which talks interest you . obviously , some of the talks are no longer  available but i would like to give you a choice as much as possible . please  could you get back to me asap on 212 925 1864 ext 151 or by return email .  i very much hope you can make the dates as i ' m very keen to have you  participate at power . not to flatter you unnecessarily , but i know that a  lot of people come to our conferences to hear what you have to say .  best regards  emma  - invite . doc",0,invitation speak power hi vince great pleasure invite speak power houston may would interested chairing one streams day conference making full presentation one days please let know talks interest obviously talks longer available would like give choice much possible please could get back asap ext return email much hope make dates keen participate power flatter unnecessarily know lot people come conferences hear say best regards emma invite doc
"Subject: initial collection of research material for your web sites  dear sven the packets cover electricity and gas markets and modelling ,  deregulation & exchanges , weather derivatives and value - at - risk / risk  management / case studies . this is by no means final , and i hope to supplement  with some more ideas over the next few days . once you have considered the  material , i can fine - tune the type of material that is relevant for you and  then we can look at starting to put something together , after which we can  pass on to mike roberts  if you need some simple articles on pricing options or an explanation on how  to calculate volatility , then i am sure we can put that together for you .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383",0,initial collection research material web sites dear sven packets cover electricity gas markets modelling deregulation exchanges weather derivatives value risk risk management case studies means final hope supplement ideas next days considered material fine tune type material relevant look starting put something together pass mike roberts need simple articles pricing options explanation calculate volatility sure put together regards anjam x
"Subject: re : enron site / mepr 2  fyi ,  my message to risk .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 28 / 2000  05 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  06 / 05 / 2000 08 : 04 am  to : conrad gardner @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , daniel  diamond / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enron site / mepr 2  conrad ,  thanks for your message .  there are 3 papers enron contributed to the last mepr .  there is also another paper on electricity i contributed to the "" red book "" on  us  power markets , as well as a paper or credit risk management , and a paper  on weather derivatives . all these papers included in other risk books were  written by enron  employees .  we would like them included as well , if technically possible .  i think that offering other energy related books through our site , in  addition to mepr 2 ,  is fine , but i would leave the decision to dan diamond , who is responsible  for the project .  vince  conrad gardner on 06 / 05 / 2000 07 : 08 : 36 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : enron site / mepr 2  > date : mon , 05 jun 2000 13 : 02 : 02  > to : vince kaminski  > from : conrad gardner  >  > dear vince  >  > thanks for the call and email on friday . i will contact masuyuki and follow  it from there .  >  > regarding the enron site , i think it is absolutely fine to put up the two  enron chapters ( i ' ll provide pdfs ) , and prevent any customer leakages from  your site by the use of "" submit "" buttons . as mentioned , i ' ll offer a 20 %  discount on mepr 2 to customers but would you be interested in some of other  energy titles ? - please let me know .  >  > many thanks  >  > conrad gardner  >  head of book publishing  risk books  haymarket house  28 - 29 haymarket  london  swly 4 rx  direct tel : + 44 ( 020 ) 7 484 9750  main tel : + 44 ( 020 ) 7 484 9700  fax : + 44 ( 020 ) 7 484 9758  e - mail : conrad @ risk . co . uk  www . riskpublications . com",0,enron site mepr fyi message risk vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski conrad gardner enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect daniel diamond hou ect ect subject enron site mepr conrad thanks message papers enron contributed last mepr also another paper electricity contributed red book us power markets well paper credit risk management paper weather derivatives papers included risk books written enron employees would like included well technically possible think offering energy related books site addition mepr fine would leave decision dan diamond responsible project vince conrad gardner vince j kaminski enron com cc subject enron site mepr date mon jun vince kaminski conrad gardner dear vince thanks call email friday contact masuyuki follow regarding enron site think absolutely fine put two enron chapters provide pdfs prevent customer leakages site use submit buttons mentioned offer discount mepr customers would interested energy titles please let know many thanks conrad gardner head book publishing risk books haymarket house haymarket london swly rx direct tel main tel fax e mail conrad risk co uk www riskpublications com
"Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website  online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to  make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your  website in multiple search engines .  submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  roselle sims",1,know attract customers website submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website online otherwise invisible virtually means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues way make site visible places people search information e submit website multiple search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards roselle sims
"Subject: well , do you need it ?  hello , welcome to pharmon unfavoured line s lighterage hop  - one of the leading oniine ph organplayer armaceutical shops  overhear v  squander g  a shortwave l  foundation ll  calomel la  r bandar ac insurrectional l  i squint s matchlock va  plainness um  andmanyother .  - sav cleancut e over 50 %  - worldwide sh oredressing lpplng  - total confiden nightmare tiaiity  - over 5 miiiion customers in pitched 130 countries  have a nice day libertine !",1,well need hello welcome pharmon unfavoured line lighterage hop one leading oniine ph organplayer armaceutical shops overhear v squander g shortwave l foundation calomel la r bandar ac insurrectional l squint matchlock va plainness um andmanyother sav cleancut e worldwide sh oredressing lpplng total confiden nightmare tiaiity miiiion customers pitched countries nice day libertine
"Subject: hello vince  vince ,  can i call you tuesday morning about our writing project ? i have to be in  austin for a dental appointment on monday at noon and that will probably  wipe out the day . give me a time and number where i can reach you .  john  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,hello vince vince call tuesday morning writing project austin dental appointment monday noon probably wipe day give time number reach john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: colorado  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 08 / 17 / 2000  11 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : samer takriti @ enron communications on 08 / 17 / 2000 10 : 57 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : colorado  stinson ,  i prefer to skip the trip . as i said , it would feel a little uncomofortable  and strange . thanks though .  - samer",0,colorado fyi forwarded stinson gibner hou ect samer takriti enron communications stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject colorado stinson prefer skip trip said would feel little uncomofortable strange thanks though samer
"Subject: re : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study -  to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  iris ,  we can mention to ben that the papers will be edited and  combined into a coherent review .  vince  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 23 / 2001 01 : 49 pm  to : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi ,  attached is a bit of feedback from ben regarding the papers listed below .  can you help me out here ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : parsons , ben  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 3 : 05 am  to : mack , iris  subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi iris  i would not include paper 8 , as paper 7 supersedes it . also how much rewriting of these papers do you envisage ? some of them are not up - to - date , or were written poorly and under time - pressure , so what do you envisage eventually sending to duffie ?  thanks  ben  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 21 / 04 / 2001 22 : 30 cdt  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue @ / o = enron / ou = na / cn = recipients / cn = notesaddr / cn = e 6795104 - 40 ff 9820 - 86256525 - 68 daao @ ex @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , nigel price / lon / ect @ ect , tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , george albanis / lon / ect @ ect , markus fiala / lon / ect @ ect , craig chaney / enron @ enronxgate , kim detiveaux / enron @ enronxgate , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi ben ,  i think i have read all the papers that are to be used in the comparative model study to be sent to professor duffie at stanford .  these documents are all listed below . please let me know if i have omitted any ( however , don ' t get the impression that i am begging for more papers to read ) .  now i will try to transform my notes into a draft for professor duffie .  thanks ,  iris  list of papers for comparative model study  1 . actively managing corporate credit risk : new methodologies and instruments for non - financial firms  by r . buy , v . kaminski , k . pinnamaneni & v . shanbhogue  chapter in a risk book entitled credit derivatives : application for risk management , investment and portfolio optimisation  2 . neural network placement model  by george albanis , enroncredit ( 12 / 22 / 00 )  3 . pricing parent companies and their subsidiaries : model description and data requirements  by ben parsons and tomas valnek , research group  4 . a survey of contingent - claims approaches to risky debt valuation  by j . bohn  www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html  5 . the kmv edf credit measure and probabilities of default  by m . sellers , o . vasicek & a . levinson  www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html  6 . riskcalc for private companies : moody ' s default model  moody ' s investor service : global credit research  7 . discussion document : asset swap model  by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 )  8 . asset swap calculator : detailed functional implementation specification ( version 1 . 0 )  by ben parsons , research group  9 . discussion document : live libor bootstrapping model  by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 )  10 . the modelling behind the fair market curves : including country and industry offsets  by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group  11 . pricing portfolios of default swaps : synthetic cbos - moody ' s versus the full monte ( carlo )  by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group  12 . placement model vl . 0 : discussion document  by ben parsons , research group , 2000  13 . credit pricing methodology - enroncredit . com  by ben parsons , research group  14 . correlation : critical measure for calculating profit and loss on synthetic credit portfolios  by katherine siig , enron credit group  15 . discussion document : var model for enron credit  by ben parsons , research group , ( 1 / 3 / 01 )  16 . methodology to implement approximate var model for the credit trading portfolio  by kirstee hewitt , research group",0,fw enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford iris mention ben papers edited combined coherent review vince iris mack enron enronxgate pm vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect amitava dhar corp enron enron cc subject fw enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford hi attached bit feedback ben regarding papers listed help thanks iris original message parsons ben sent monday april mack iris subject enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford hi iris would include paper paper supersedes also much rewriting papers envisage date written poorly time pressure envisage eventually sending duffie thanks ben iris mack enron enronxgate cdt ben parsons lon ect ect cc vasant shanbhogue enron ou na cn recipients cn notesaddr cn e ff daao ex enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect scott salmon eu enron enron bryan seyfried lon ect ect nigel price lon ect ect tomas valnek lon ect ect george albanis lon ect ect markus fiala lon ect ect craig chaney enron enronxgate kim detiveaux enron enronxgate amitava dhar corp enron enron tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect mike mumford lon ect ect subject enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford hi ben think read papers used comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford documents listed please let know omitted however get impression begging papers read try transform notes draft professor duffie thanks iris list papers comparative model study actively managing corporate credit risk new methodologies instruments non financial firms r buy v kaminski k pinnamaneni v shanbhogue chapter risk book entitled credit derivatives application risk management investment portfolio optimisation neural network placement model george albanis enroncredit pricing parent companies subsidiaries model description data requirements ben parsons tomas valnek research group survey contingent claims approaches risky debt valuation j bohn www kmv com products privatefirm html kmv edf credit measure probabilities default sellers vasicek levinson www kmv com products privatefirm html riskcalc private companies moody default model moody investor service global credit research discussion document asset swap model ben parsons research group asset swap calculator detailed functional implementation specification version ben parsons research group discussion document live libor bootstrapping model ben parsons research group modelling behind fair market curves including country industry offsets nigel price enron credit trading group pricing portfolios default swaps synthetic cbos moody versus full monte carlo nigel price enron credit trading group placement model vl discussion document ben parsons research group credit pricing methodology enroncredit com ben parsons research group correlation critical measure calculating profit loss synthetic credit portfolios katherine siig enron credit group discussion document var model enron credit ben parsons research group methodology implement approximate var model credit trading portfolio kirstee hewitt research group
"Subject: re : enron tiger dinner  donna ,  thanks for the restaurant recommendation . i would appreciate if you could  coordinate  the dinner with the students and the faculty . you can expect 4 persons from  enron but the  restaurant should allow for some flexibility , just in case . if the restaurant  needs a credit card number  or a security deposit , you can refer them to my assistant , shirley crenshaw  at 713 853 5290 .  vince  piazze on 11 / 29 / 2000 12 : 34 : 33 pm  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc : "" ' piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu ' ""  subject : enron tiger dinner  vince :  i look forward to seeing you and jeff shankman next week in regard to the  enron tiger kick - off meeting scheduled for wednesday , dec 6 in vance hall  210 from 3 : 00 - 5 : 00 pm .  you mentioned possibly wanting to take the group to dinner after the  presentation . i would like to recommend the palladium restaurnat , which is  on locust walk here on campus . you may want to view their website at  www . . com i think they have a nice menu and can  accomodate large groups . there are several menus from which to choose , as  well . please let me know if you would like for me to set this up for you  and i will notify the students and faculty .  please let me know if i can assist with your visit in any way .  regards ,  donna piazze",0,enron tiger dinner donna thanks restaurant recommendation would appreciate could coordinate dinner students faculty expect persons enron restaurant allow flexibility case restaurant needs credit card number security deposit refer assistant shirley crenshaw vince piazze pm vkamins enron com cc piazze wharton upenn edu subject enron tiger dinner vince look forward seeing jeff shankman next week regard enron tiger kick meeting scheduled wednesday dec vance hall pm mentioned possibly wanting take group dinner presentation would like recommend palladium restaurnat locust walk campus may want view website www com think nice menu accomodate large groups several menus choose well please let know would like set notify students faculty please let know assist visit way regards donna piazze
"Subject: re : zakup ksiazki w wnt - "" inzynieria finanasowa ""  dziekuje za szybka odpowiedz . czy mozliwa jest platnosc czekiem ?  jako alternatywne rozwiazanie prosze podac mi cene w zlotych i moja rodzina w  kraju  dokona przelewu .  prosze o kopie odpowiedzi na adres : vkaminski @ aol . com .  dziekuje .  w . kaminski  "" wydawnictwa naukowo - techniczne "" on 01 / 19 / 2001  10 : 09 : 27 am  to :  cc :  subject : zakup ksiazki w wnt - "" inzynieria finanasowa ""  uprzejmie informuje , ze ksiazke wyslemy po wplynieciu na nasze konto  odpowiedniej kwoty . kwota ta zawiera wartosc ksiazki ( 13 , 75 $ ) , koszty  bankowe ( 5 $ ) oraz koszty pocztowe ( 6 , 5 $ lub 11 $ ) .  - przy przesylce droga morska prosze wplacic 15 , 25 $  - przy przesylce lotniczej prosze wplacic 29 , 75 $  nietety , nie mamy mozliwosci technicznych pobrania oplaty karta kredytowa .  fakture wysylam poczta .  nasze konto : pbk s . a . iii o / warszawa  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 11101024 - 401020003963  nazs adres : wydawnictwa naukowo - techniczne , mazowiecka 2 / 4 , 00 - 048 ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  warszawa , polska  serdecznie pozdrawiam  grazyna piesniewska",0,zakup ksiazki w wnt inzynieria finanasowa dziekuje za szybka odpowiedz czy mozliwa jest platnosc czekiem jako alternatywne rozwiazanie prosze podac mi cene w zlotych moja rodzina w kraju dokona przelewu prosze kopie odpowiedzi na adres vkaminski aol com dziekuje w kaminski wydawnictwa naukowo techniczne cc subject zakup ksiazki w wnt inzynieria finanasowa uprzejmie informuje ze ksiazke wyslemy po wplynieciu na nasze konto odpowiedniej kwoty kwota ta zawiera wartosc ksiazki koszty bankowe oraz koszty pocztowe lub przy przesylce droga morska prosze wplacic przy przesylce lotniczej prosze wplacic nietety nie mamy mozliwosci technicznych pobrania oplaty karta kredytowa fakture wysylam poczta nasze konto pbk iii warszawa nazs adres wydawnictwa naukowo techniczne mazowiecka warszawa polska serdecznie pozdrawiam grazyna piesniewska
"Subject: energy futures contracts project  please respond to hi vince and jason :  please find attached a copy of our project . thank you for an enjoyable and  informative class .  sincerely ,  rishad patel  neeraj hingorani  duane maue  eric van stone  john ganguzza  grant johnson  paulo yoshiura  - . doc",0,energy futures contracts project please respond hi vince jason please find attached copy project thank enjoyable informative class sincerely rishad patel neeraj hingorani duane maue eric van stone john ganguzza grant johnson paulo yoshiura doc
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ali iisted software is availabie for immediate downioad !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few examples :  - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language !  best regards ,  zaida ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions qerman french spanish uk many others ali iisted software availabie immediate downioad need wait week cd delivery examples norton internet security pro windows xp professional sp fuil version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite includinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native language best regards zaida
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe goiive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corei painter lx  $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  terri ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishing software corei macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corei designer quickbooks professional edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe goiive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere eiements corei painter lx adobe iilustrator cs adobe indesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cool production studio alias motion builder professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely terri
"Subject: energy in europe congress 2000  8 th floor , 29 bressenden place london swle 5 dr tel : + 44 171 915 5100 fax :  + 44 171 915 5101 conference bookings : + 44 171 915 5103  date : may 15 , 2000  from : tanuja tulsiani phone : 44 171 915 5173  fax : 44 171 915 5101  re : energy in europe congress 2000 , berlin  urgent - urgent - urgent - urgent - urgent - urgent - urgent  message  dear energy in europe speaker  as the conference in berlin draw closer , i would like to remind you that we  urgently need to receive a copy of your presentation materials by friday ,  26 th may 2000 .  if you could please send me a hard copy of your talk text or copies of any  slides you plan to use , as soon as possible i would be most grateful . i am  sure you are aware of the importance of documentation , even if you plan to  speak off the cuff please try and supply at least an outline of your proposed  speech . if this material doesn ' t reach me by 26 th may i am afraid they will  not form part of the delegate packs . you can send a hard copy either by post  or fax to the above address and details or you can e - mail it to me at the  following address : ttulsi @ icbi . co . uk .  if you have already sent copies of your presentation then please ignore this  fax . should you have any queries , please do not hesitate to contact me , and i  look forward to seeing you in berlin shortly .  kind regards  tanuja tulsiani  tanuja tulsiani  logistics manager  !  !  !  !",0,energy europe congress th floor bressenden place london swle dr tel fax conference bookings date may tanuja tulsiani phone fax energy europe congress berlin urgent urgent urgent urgent urgent urgent urgent message dear energy europe speaker conference berlin draw closer would like remind urgently need receive copy presentation materials friday th may could please send hard copy talk text copies slides plan use soon possible would grateful sure aware importance documentation even plan speak cuff please try supply least outline proposed speech material reach th may afraid form part delegate packs send hard copy either post fax address details e mail following address ttulsi icbi co uk already sent copies presentation please ignore fax queries please hesitate contact look forward seeing berlin shortly kind regards tanuja tulsiani tanuja tulsiani logistics manager
"Subject: re : interview schedule for punit rawal  shirley : i have been in touch with punit over the past several week , and it  appears that february 2 nd would suit his schedule best for the visit . how  does that date look for vince and the others in the group who will be  interviewing him ?  stephanie cody , my new admin whom you met last week , will be contacting punit  to make his travel arrangements .  molly  shirley crenshaw  01 / 16 / 2001 09 : 24 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , bob  lee / na / enron @ enron  subject : interview schedule for punit rawal  hi molly :  punit rawal is a carnegie mellon student that kevin kindall and bob lee  interviewed back in december . we would like to bring him in for an  interview . he is definately a "" trading support "" prospect .  i forwarded his resume to john lavorato back in december and inquired  as to whether he would be interested in interviewing him or not , but have  had no response , except that he has not had a chance to look at his  resume yet .  vince originally said that either john or gary hickerson might be interested .  i did not send his resume to gary , maybe you can check with him ?  i am attaching the interview request form and his resume . thanks !  shirley  - punit + rawal + newresume . doc",0,interview schedule punit rawal shirley touch punit past several week appears february nd would suit schedule best visit date look vince others group interviewing stephanie cody new admin met last week contacting punit make travel arrangements molly shirley crenshaw molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect kevin kindall corp enron enron bob lee na enron enron subject interview schedule punit rawal hi molly punit rawal carnegie mellon student kevin kindall bob lee interviewed back december would like bring interview definately trading support prospect forwarded resume john lavorato back december inquired whether would interested interviewing response except chance look resume yet vince originally said either john gary hickerson might interested send resume gary maybe check attaching interview request form resume thanks shirley punit rawal newresume doc
"Subject: re : wednesday  ronnie ,  regarding the parking situation downtown  the closest parking garage with visitor parking is the one at allens center .  your agenda , to define  - what the scope of the project is  - what do you expect of the project - - in other words what are you trying to  find out from the study , this will help define the scope  - discuss a timeline  - tools that we can use at enron  - are there any projects at enron ( past or present ) that we can draw on or  build on  sounds good . do you all have the original scope vince wrote up ? although it  is broad , its a good beginning for your scope . once you flesh - out the scope ,  we ' ll see if any existing reports can be found that may be helpful .  regarding industry research  check out red herring and other online resources .  see you later  ken",0,wednesday ronnie regarding parking situation downtown closest parking garage visitor parking one allens center agenda define scope project expect project words trying find study help define scope discuss timeline tools use enron projects enron past present draw build sounds good original scope vince wrote although broad good beginning scope flesh scope see existing reports found may helpful regarding industry research check red herring online resources see later ken
"Subject: interview with the enron research group  hello kenneth :  nice talking to you this morning ! below is your interview schedule for  monday , oct . 30 th and directions to the enron bldg . . please let me know  if you need any travel arrangements made .  coming from the northwest part of houston , your best bet would be to  take i - 45 into town . there is quite a bit of construction downtown , so you  will probably have to take the mckinney exit from i - 45 ( you will need to  stay in the left lane as you approach town . exit mckinney to smith street ,  take a right on smith street go to andrews street , take a right on andrews  ( the enron bldg . is on the left ) , pass the enron bldg . cross "" ruthvan "" ( 1 st  stop sign ) and pull into the allen center parking garage ( visitors area on  your right ) . come to the security desk on the lst floor of the enron bldg .  and ask for me . they will call me and i will meet you in the elevator lobby  on the 19 th floor .  monday , october 30 th  9 : 00 am vince kaminski , managing director , research  9 : 30 am zimin lu , director  10 : 00 am vasant , vice president  10 : 30 am krishna krishnarao , director  11 : 00 am paulo issler , manager  11 : 30 am stinson gibner ( he will take you to lunch )  1 : 00 pm molly mcgee ( hr recruiter )  have a safe trip .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  ( 713 - 853 - 5290 )",0,interview enron research group hello kenneth nice talking morning interview schedule monday oct th directions enron bldg please let know need travel arrangements made coming northwest part houston best bet would take town quite bit construction downtown probably take mckinney exit need stay left lane approach town exit mckinney smith street take right smith street go andrews street take right andrews enron bldg left pass enron bldg cross ruthvan st stop sign pull allen center parking garage visitors area right come security desk lst floor enron bldg ask call meet elevator lobby th floor monday october th vince kaminski managing director research zimin lu director vasant vice president krishna krishnarao director paulo issler manager stinson gibner take lunch pm molly mcgee hr recruiter safe trip regards shirley crenshaw
"Subject: best deals on all generic viagra and generic cialis alternatives with guaranteed lowest prices  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  float like a butterfly , sting like a bee .  humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons .  education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance .",1,best deals generic viagra generic cialis alternatives guaranteed lowest prices viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction float like butterfly sting like bee humanity acquiring right technology wrong reasons education progressive discovery ignorance
"Subject: pro opticus  good morning all :  below is an email from kevin sweeney inquiring about a software demo that  he thought might have been in our group . if anyone had this demo , please  let vince know .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 06 / 2000  05 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin sweeney  10 / 23 / 2000 06 : 53 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kara maloney / na / enron @ enron , mario de la ossa / na / enron @ enron , matt a  brown / hou / ect @ ect  subject : pro opticus  vince ,  i understand that you or someone in your group had a demo from the above  group last friday . i was wondering if this was part of a push to bring more  options ' analytics to the traders ' desks , and if so , if you could explain  what that effort looks like ? one of the global markets traders , mario de la  ossa also had a look at the software as he has used it in the past .  thanks ,  kevin",0,pro opticus good morning email kevin sweeney inquiring software demo thought might group anyone demo please let vince know thanks shirley forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm kevin sweeney vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc kara maloney na enron enron mario de la ossa na enron enron matt brown hou ect ect subject pro opticus vince understand someone group demo group last friday wondering part push bring options analytics traders desks could explain effort looks like one global markets traders mario de la ossa also look software used past thanks kevin
"Subject: yen outlook  vince ,  as a followup to our meeting with david port and rudi zipter re enron ' s investment in sk - enron , maureen and i wrote the attached position paper on the japanese yen . as we have discussed , the volatility of the won closely tracks fluctuation in the yen , and this yen position paper is intended to complement the won outlook piece for a broader perspective on currencies that takes into account the yen ' s influence on asian currencies . .  we would like to distribute this outlook to david and rudi , but wanted to send it to you for initial reaction prior to internal distribution .  thank you , and let me know if you have any questions or comments re the attached .  gwyn",0,yen outlook vince followup meeting david port rudi zipter enron investment sk enron maureen wrote attached position paper japanese yen discussed volatility closely tracks fluctuation yen yen position paper intended complement outlook piece broader perspective currencies takes account yen influence asian currencies would like distribute outlook david rudi wanted send initial reaction prior internal distribution thank let know questions comments attached gwyn
"Subject: re : ming sit  vince ,  thanks for the update . if there is anything i can facilitate or bring more  info about ming ,  please let me know .  zimin  vince j kaminski  05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 15 pm  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : ming sit  zimin ,  some feedback i have received on ming .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000  01 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pinnamaneni krishnarao  05 / 22 / 2000 12 : 35 pm  to : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ronnie chahal / hou / ees @ ees  subject : re : ming sit  dennis :  i talked to ming for only short time and am concerned about the cons scott  mentioned . i would like to know what your assessment is like . also , i would  like vince , ronnie & myself to talk to ming over the phone . can we call him  directly and talk to him ? please let me know how strongly you feel about  having him as a support person .  thanks ,  krishna .  x 35485  to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : ming sit  krisna :  are you still interested in hiring ming sit , through the research group . if  so , please proceed and assign him to support ees . please let me know if i  need to provide any information .  thanks  dennis  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis benevides / hou / ees on 05 / 22 / 2000  09 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  james w lewis  05 / 21 / 2000 11 : 44 am  to : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees  cc : scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees  subject : re : ming sit  i like db ' s suggestion . let ' s do it .  enron energy services  from : dennis benevides 05 / 19 / 2000 03 : 31 pm  phone no : 713 853 - 9609  to : scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees  cc : james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees  subject : re : ming sit  got a little scared at your first sentence i read "" he is no replacement for  jay but he could be for dennis b . . "" ? ? .  anyway :  i think he would be a good fit withing the group . krisna has offered to hire  him in the research group , he has good programing background and is excited  about working for enron instead of a utility such as pacificcorp . he  expressed interest in applying his skill to make $ $ $ $ .  i suggest bringing him in in research as a first alternative . i see three  potential applications where we can use his skills to evaluate best longer  term fit :  continuing ronnie ' s model building role , but with a focus within neil ' s group  to tie rm systems together  bridge the lack of phd econometrics expertise we have as are result of the  departure of anoush .  risk management systems infrastructure development .  scott stoness  05 / 19 / 2000 02 : 02 pm  to : james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees  cc : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees  subject : ming sit  he is no replacement for jay but he could be a dennis b employee .  pros :  engineer so would be good at math  his boss hired him a 2 nd time ( 1 at txu and again at pacificor again ) so he  must be reliable  phd in economics and engineering ( good ) from stanford ( ugh : ) : ) : ) )  cons :  does not understand tariffs . i asked him and he said he is not experienced .  i probed too and he does not understand regulatory that well .  does not understand ancillary services ( which is surprising to me since he  started out as an plant operation side of hk power )  has limited people management skills ( he described 1 analyst he works with  that is not capable that he has to jump into the excel spreadsheet and fix it  for him and he cannot give him feedback because it is a utility mentality )  he is not a good communicator ( i asked him to describe what he did in hk  power and it took him forever to explain because he expected me to know that  plant operations meant planning the start up of oil plants ) .  overall :  i suspect that he is a very solid guy when it comes to analysis but not  particularly creative or good at communication and leadership . he would be a  great support person .  i would hire for analysis but not as a potential leader . go",0,ming sit vince thanks update anything facilitate bring info ming please let know zimin vince j kaminski pm zimin lu hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject ming sit zimin feedback received ming vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm pinnamaneni krishnarao pm dennis benevides hou ees ees cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect ronnie chahal hou ees ees subject ming sit dennis talked ming short time concerned cons scott mentioned would like know assessment like also would like vince ronnie talk ming phone call directly talk please let know strongly feel support person thanks krishna x pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect cc subject ming sit krisna still interested hiring ming sit research group please proceed assign support ees please let know need provide information thanks dennis forwarded dennis benevides hou ees james w lewis dennis benevides hou ees ees cc scott stoness hou ees ees subject ming sit like db suggestion let enron energy services dennis benevides pm phone scott stoness hou ees ees cc james w lewis hou ees ees subject ming sit got little scared first sentence read replacement jay could dennis b anyway think would good fit withing group krisna offered hire research group good programing background excited working enron instead utility pacificcorp expressed interest applying skill make suggest bringing research first alternative see three potential applications use skills evaluate best longer term fit continuing ronnie model building role focus within neil group tie rm systems together bridge lack phd econometrics expertise result departure anoush risk management systems infrastructure development scott stoness pm james w lewis hou ees ees cc dennis benevides hou ees ees subject ming sit replacement jay could dennis b employee pros engineer would good math boss hired nd time txu pacificor must reliable phd economics engineering good stanford ugh cons understand tariffs asked said experienced probed understand regulatory well understand ancillary services surprising since started plant operation side hk power limited people management skills described analyst works capable jump excel spreadsheet fix give feedback utility mentality good communicator asked describe hk power took forever explain expected know plant operations meant planning start oil plants overall suspect solid guy comes analysis particularly creative good communication leadership would great support person would hire analysis potential leader go
"Subject: phone interview  per our conversation yesterday , i will have a job description for the comp  finance students sometime today . i have also gone through the mba resume  stack yet again . the person who requested the phone interview is troy  mischke . he works for pratt & whitney in florida . cmu has a flexmode  program , which is another phrase for distance learning .  it turns out that there are a number of people that work for pratt & whitney  in florida . my guess is that they all know each other , and decided to take  the flexmode program together . here are the names  tony garcia  k . todd kuykendall  timothy leonard  troy mischke  only troy requested the phone interview , although tony gacia did send a  cover letter . what is the best path forward ?  - kevin kindall",0,phone interview per conversation yesterday job description comp finance students sometime today also gone mba resume stack yet person requested phone interview troy mischke works pratt whitney florida cmu flexmode program another phrase distance learning turns number people work pratt whitney florida guess know decided take flexmode program together names tony garcia k todd kuykendall timothy leonard troy mischke troy requested phone interview although tony gacia send cover letter best path forward kevin kindall
"Subject: rotation of leandro "" roy "" ibasco  hello celeste :  plans are in the works to rotate roy ibasco from the research group into  henry arora ' s group . vanessa carranza is handling the churn request . i am  not sure of the rotation date , but we need his desk by the 15 th for gwyn  koepke .  you probably already know all of this , but just in case .  shirley  3 - 5290",0,rotation leandro roy ibasco hello celeste plans works rotate roy ibasco research group henry arora group vanessa carranza handling churn request sure rotation date need desk th gwyn koepke probably already know case shirley
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at gigas . keys . be .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  this address no longer accepts mail .  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 10006 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 35 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 220 . 162 . 170 . 32 )  by gigas . keys . be with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 35 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815823 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ deboel . net  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program gigas keys afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work address longer accepts mail line copy message return path received qmail invoked network jul received unknown helo mailwisconsin com gigas keys smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo info deboel net user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivable
"Subject: re : cusip  vince , i am waiting to hear back from our compliance department on this . i  will get you the info as soon as i rec . it . i mailed the receipt for the  deposit today .  david c . walkup  sr . financial consultant  713 - 658 - 1685  800 - 456 - 9712  > - - - - - - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : tuesday , december 19 , 2000 11 : 09 am  > to : david _ walkup @ ml . com  > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > subject : cusip  >  > david ,  >  > the cusip of the bond i have is 694308 efo  > pgc 8 . 375 % 5 / 1 / 25 lst & ref mortgage bond , ser 92 b .  >  >  > vince  >  >  caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending  identifying information , such as account , social security or card numbers to  us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented  messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check  stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronicall",0,cusip vince waiting hear back compliance department get info soon rec mailed receipt deposit today david c walkup sr financial consultant vince j kaminski enron com smtp vince j kaminski enron com sent tuesday december david walkup ml com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject cusip david cusip bond efo pgc lst ref mortgage bond ser b vince caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party protection avoid sending identifying information account social security card numbers us others send time sensitive action oriented messages transaction orders fund transfer instructions check stop payments policy accept items electronicall
"Subject: re :  dave ,  thanks for the invitation . i shall be glad to join you at the dinner  and on saturday .  i shall come alone : my wife will stay with my son in california  till june ( my son graduates this spring from college ) .  i shall remind andy fastow about nfcf .  vince  david ikenberry on 03 / 30 / 2001 06 : 57 : 57 pm  to : "" vkamins @ ennron . com ""  cc :  subject :  vince ,  it was good seeing you again today . i want to make sure the nfcf is on  your calendar for may 4 - 5 . you should be receiving some registration  materials shortly .  please plan on coming if you can .  also , please attend the dinner on friday evening along with your wife if  possible .  regards ,  dave  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  prof . david ikenberry  jones graduate school of management  rice university  713 - 348 - 5385",0,dave thanks invitation shall glad join dinner saturday shall come alone wife stay son california till june son graduates spring college shall remind andy fastow nfcf vince david ikenberry pm vkamins ennron com cc subject vince good seeing today want make sure nfcf calendar may receiving registration materials shortly please plan coming also please attend dinner friday evening along wife possible regards dave prof david ikenberry jones graduate school management rice university
"Subject: news review update  please respond to news review the news review site , http : / / www . news - review . co . uk  home of weekend city press review , now offers registered users two new features :  all registered users can now :  - do a text search in addition to a company search on the full six - year archive  - and set up favourite companies on their home page for easier and faster access  to articles within the review and the archive which relate to those companies  the best way to keep abreast of the weekend ' s financial news and views is to  receive an email copy of weekend city press review , either via the full review ,  or the clippings relating to specific companies in which you are interested .  registered users are invited to take up the free offer of a 4 week subscription  to any of the services , including pdf delivery of the review , and the clippings service .  to login please use this url :  you can download this weekend ' s full review free of charge at  http : / / www . news - review . co . uk / freepdf . pdf from 8 pm uk time this sunday  your username for this service is vkaminski  if you have forgotton your password you can retrieve it at  to remove yourself from this service please login and use the ' my profile ' option .  our ref wcprvl : vkaminski",0,news review update please respond news review news review site http www news review co uk home weekend city press review offers registered users two new features registered users text search addition company search full six year archive set favourite companies home page easier faster access articles within review archive relate companies best way keep abreast weekend financial news views receive email copy weekend city press review either via full review clippings relating specific companies interested registered users invited take free offer week subscription services including pdf delivery review clippings service login please use url download weekend full review free charge http www news review co uk freepdf pdf pm uk time sunday username service vkaminski forgotton password retrieve remove service please login use profile option ref wcprvl vkaminski
"Subject: energy : oil drilling : survey finds producers plan to spend more  than originally planned in . . .  survey finds producers plan to spend more than originally planned in 2000  06 / 19 / 2000  petroleum finance week  ( c ) 2000 phillips business information , inc .  oil and gas producers plan to increase their worldwide exploration and  production expenditures by more than they anticipated  at the beginning of the year , lehman brothers inc . found in a mid - year  update of its annual e & p survey . "" the 326 companies  we surveyed are planning on an 18 . 2 percent increase , versus a 10 . 2 percent  rise budgeted in december , "" said james d .  crandell , who follows oil services and drilling for the new york investment  banker .  he emphasized that the gain by the 326 producers in lehman ' s survey reflects  increases in budgets for 2000 and not  underspending of budgets during 1999 . "" among the companies that were  included in our december 1999 and may 2000  surveys , global spending actually came in slightly above what was estimated  to have been spent during 1999 in december . it  also indicates that nearly $ 6 billion has been added to 2000 worldwide  exploration budgets since december , "" crandell said .  the survey ' s respondents said that they planned to increase u . s . e & p  expenditures by 17 . 6 percent , up from 15 . 9 percent  earlier in the year . crandell said that the greater increase was driven  almost entirely by independent producers . "" in our survey ,  227 independents indicated e & p spending growth in 2000 of 26 . 1 percent  versus a 22 . 9 percent increase budgeted for the  year in december , "" he indicated . "" some 40 percent of the independents we  surveyed have increased their u . s . e & p budgets ,  while about 23 percent plan on spending less than what they indicated last  december . higher natural gas prices and increased  cash flow are the main drivers behind this . ""  crandell said that anadarko petroleum corp . ( nyse : apc ) , apache corp . ( nyse :  apa ) , bhp petroleum , h . s . resources inc .  ( nyse : hse ) , mcmoran exploration co . ( nyse : ran ) , mdu resources group inc .  ( nyse : mdu ) , mitchell energy and  development corp . ( nyse : mnd . a and mnd . b ) , santa fe snyder corp . ( nyse :  sfs ) , stone energy corp . ( nyse : sgy ) and  titan exploration inc . - now pure resources inc . ( nyse : prs ) - were among  the larger independents to make the most  significant upward revisions . the ones that significantly reduced planned  u . s . e & p outlays for the year included barrett  resources corp . ( nyse : brr ) , belco oil and gas corp . ( nyse : bog ) , burlington  resources inc . ( nyse : br ) , coastal corp .  ( nyse : cgp ) , forcenergy inc . ( nyse : fen ) , houston exploration co . ( nyse :  hex ) , kerr - mcgee corp . ( nyse : kmg ) , mariner  energy corp . and williams production co .  the survey found that major oil companies plan about the same percentage  gain in their 2000 u . s . e & p expenditures ( 8 . 8  percent ) at midyear as they did at the beginning of the year ( 8 . 4 percent ) .  among the 14 companies in this category , 31  percent made meaningful increases in their 2000 e & p spending estimates  during the first six months , including amerada hess  corp . ( nyse : ahc ) , conoco inc . ( nyse : coc . a and coc . b ) , occidental petroleum  corp . ( nyse : oxy ) and total fina elf s . a .  ( nyse : tot ) . another 19 percent - including eni spa ( nyse : e ) , royal  dutch / shell ( nyse : rdp and stt ) and texaco inc .  ( nyse : tx ) - scaled back their domestic spending estimates , while the  remaining 50 percent of the majors in the survey  remained the same .  ' the increase in canada . . . is nothing short of staggering . . . '  "" the increase in canada indicated by the 85 companies in our survey is  nothing short of staggering , "" crandell continued . of  the 85 companies that he contacted , 44 . 7 percent budgeted higher  expenditures for 2000 than for 1999 . "" compared with  december , 41 percent of them have increased their estimated spending in 2000  by more than 10 percent , while 20 percent  have reduced it by more than 10 percent . the remaining 39 percent have kept  it within 10 percent of what was originally  estimated , "" crandell said . talisman energy inc . ( nyse : tlm ) led the group  with a huge increase , followed by anderson  exploration ltd . ( tse : axl ) , gulf canada resources ltd . ( nyse : gou ) , murphy  oil corp . ( nyse : mur ) , pan canadian  petroleum ltd . ( tse : pcp ) and shell canada ltd . ( tse : shc ) . like their u . s .  counterparts , producers above the border raised  their 2000 e & p budgets in response to higher gas prices and increased cash  flow , according to the lehman analyst .  he said that foreign upstream budgets were an area of surprise : "" the 14 . 9  percent gain indicated by the 99 oil and gas  companies that have operations outside the united states and canada was well  above the 5 . 7 percent increase for 2000  estimated last december . as in other geographies , there were more companies  that increased budgets than decreased them . ""  overall , crandell said that 33 percent of the surveyed companies raised  their 2000 e & p budgets by more than 10 percent , 43  estimated expenditures in roughly the same range and 24 percent indicated  that they would spend less than originally planned .  he said that the larger increases were driven by some big companies which  materially increased their budgets , including  texaco , petroleos brasileiros s . a . , petroleos mexicanos s . a . and repsol ypf  s . a . ( nyse : rep ) among the multinationals and  amerada hess , apache , premier oil plc . and woodside energy among mid - sized  companies .  crandell noted that while respondents ' average price assumptions rose during  2000 ' s first six months ( to $ 22 . 04 from $ 19 . 25  per barrel of crude oil and to $ 2 . 58 from $ 2 . 38 per thousand cubic feet of  natural gas ) , they still trail current prices and what  lehman brothers estimates for the year ( $ 28 per barrel of crude and $ 3 . 30  per mcf of gas ) . "" this suggests a stronger second  half than expected , should companies raise budgets further to reflect the  higher prices , "" he said .  - nick snow in washington  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john peyton / hou / ect on 06 / 19 / 2000 07 : 36  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com on 06 / 19 / 2000 08 : 27 : 26 pm  please respond to nobody @ maill . djnr . com  to : 1346 @ wctopics . djnr . com  cc :  subject : energy : oil drilling : survey finds producers plan to spend more than  originally planned in . . .  survey finds producers plan to spend more than originally planned in  2000  oil and gas producers plan to increase their worldwide exploration and  production expenditures by more than they anticipated at the beginning  of the  year , lehman brothers inc . found in a mid - year update of its annual e & p  survey . "" the 326 companies we . . .  published by : petroleum finance week  date : 06 / 19 / 2000  word count : 894  relevance score on scale of 100 : 80  folder name : energy : oil drilling  full - text article available at  c = ptry  articles are included at no charge for flat - fee corporate customers . ( under  standard pricing , charges apply . for details , click the $ icon on the dow  jones interactive home page , located at http : / / www . djinteractive . com . )  to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or  contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com  or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511  or contact your local sales representative . )  copyright ( c ) 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved",0,energy oil drilling survey finds producers plan spend originally planned survey finds producers plan spend originally planned petroleum finance week c phillips business information inc oil gas producers plan increase worldwide exploration production expenditures anticipated beginning year lehman brothers inc found mid year update annual e p survey companies surveyed planning percent increase versus percent rise budgeted december said james crandell follows oil services drilling new york investment banker emphasized gain producers lehman survey reflects increases budgets underspending budgets among companies included december may surveys global spending actually came slightly estimated spent december also indicates nearly billion added worldwide exploration budgets since december crandell said survey respondents said planned increase u e p expenditures percent percent earlier year crandell said greater increase driven almost entirely independent producers survey independents indicated e p spending growth percent versus percent increase budgeted year december indicated percent independents surveyed increased u e p budgets percent plan spending less indicated last december higher natural gas prices increased cash flow main drivers behind crandell said anadarko petroleum corp nyse apc apache corp nyse apa bhp petroleum h resources inc nyse hse mcmoran exploration co nyse ran mdu resources group inc nyse mdu mitchell energy development corp nyse mnd mnd b santa fe snyder corp nyse sfs stone energy corp nyse sgy titan exploration inc pure resources inc nyse prs among larger independents make significant upward revisions ones significantly reduced planned u e p outlays year included barrett resources corp nyse brr belco oil gas corp nyse bog burlington resources inc nyse br coastal corp nyse cgp forcenergy inc nyse fen houston exploration co nyse hex kerr mcgee corp nyse kmg mariner energy corp williams production co survey found major oil companies plan percentage gain u e p expenditures percent midyear beginning year percent among companies category percent made meaningful increases e p spending estimates first six months including amerada hess corp nyse ahc conoco inc nyse coc coc b occidental petroleum corp nyse oxy total fina elf nyse tot another percent including eni spa nyse e royal dutch shell nyse rdp stt texaco inc nyse tx scaled back domestic spending estimates remaining percent majors survey remained increase canada nothing short staggering increase canada indicated companies survey nothing short staggering crandell continued companies contacted percent budgeted higher expenditures compared december percent increased estimated spending percent percent reduced percent remaining percent kept within percent originally estimated crandell said talisman energy inc nyse tlm led group huge increase followed anderson exploration ltd tse axl gulf canada resources ltd nyse gou murphy oil corp nyse mur pan canadian petroleum ltd tse pcp shell canada ltd tse shc like u counterparts producers border raised e p budgets response higher gas prices increased cash flow according lehman analyst said foreign upstream budgets area surprise percent gain indicated oil gas companies operations outside united states canada well percent increase estimated last december geographies companies increased budgets decreased overall crandell said percent surveyed companies raised e p budgets percent estimated expenditures roughly range percent indicated would spend less originally planned said larger increases driven big companies materially increased budgets including texaco petroleos brasileiros petroleos mexicanos repsol ypf nyse rep among multinationals amerada hess apache premier oil plc woodside energy among mid sized companies crandell noted respondents average price assumptions rose first six months per barrel crude oil per thousand cubic feet natural gas still trail current prices lehman brothers estimates year per barrel crude per mcf gas suggests stronger second half expected companies raise budgets reflect higher prices said nick snow washington forwarded john peyton hou ect pm djcustomclips djinteractive com pm please respond nobody maill djnr com wctopics djnr com cc subject energy oil drilling survey finds producers plan spend originally planned survey finds producers plan spend originally planned oil gas producers plan increase worldwide exploration production expenditures anticipated beginning year lehman brothers inc found mid year update annual e p survey companies published petroleum finance week date word count relevance score scale folder name energy oil drilling full text article available c ptry articles included charge flat fee corporate customers standard pricing charges apply details click icon dow jones interactive home page located http www djinteractive com review revise folder visit http www djinteractive com contact dow jones customer service e mail custom news bis dowjones com phone outside u canada call contact local sales representative copyright c dow jones company inc rights reserved
"Subject: veryy useful  how to save on y slapstick our medlcations over 70 % .  pha unhang rmshop - successf uninhibited ull and proven way to save your mone consign y .  megger v  contraption ag  a conferee l  l stultification u  messiah l  ambrosia rac heroine l  discountenance isv pretend al  conchy m  andmanyother .  best p exaltation rlces .  worldwid digraph e shlpplng .  easy order f roulade orm .  total confi monocle dentiaiity .  250 , 000 pitiless satisfied customers .  order today and sa prowess ve !",1,veryy useful save slapstick medlcations pha unhang rmshop successf uninhibited ull proven way save mone consign megger v contraption ag conferee l l stultification u messiah l ambrosia rac heroine l discountenance isv pretend al conchy andmanyother best p exaltation rlces worldwid digraph e shlpplng easy order f roulade orm total confi monocle dentiaiity pitiless satisfied customers order today sa prowess
"Subject: re : stanford check  paul ,  thanks a lot .  vince  from : paul racicot @ enron communications on 10 / 20 / 2000 06 : 03 am  to : stinson gibner / enron communications  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : stanford check  fyi  - - - - - forwarded by paul racicot / enron communications on 10 / 20 / 00 06 : 06 am  - - - - -  steven batchelder  10 / 19 / 00 04 : 36 pm  to : paul racicot / enron communications @ enron communications , sally  slaughter / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : stanford check  just wanted to let you know that the check went out fedex - priority  overnight . they should have it tomorrow morning .  the tracking number is 823038069157 and can be tracked at www . fedex . com  sally ~ per our conversation i will interoffice you the airbill slip .  if you need anything else , please let us know .  thanks .  steven batchelder  accountant  enron broadband services  713 - 345 - 9340  steven _ batchelder @ enron . net",0,stanford check paul thanks lot vince paul racicot enron communications stinson gibner enron communications cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject stanford check fyi forwarded paul racicot enron communications steven batchelder pm paul racicot enron communications enron communications sally slaughter enron communications enron communications cc subject stanford check wanted let know check went fedex priority overnight tomorrow morning tracking number tracked www fedex com sally per conversation interoffice airbill slip need anything else please let us know thanks steven batchelder accountant enron broadband services steven batchelder enron net
"Subject: network engineering and operations organizational chart  shirely , please print this out for vice before the meeting .  thanks ,  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 01 / 18 / 00 02 : 00  pm - - - - -  john griebling  sent by : michol boyd  01 / 18 / 00 01 : 41 pm  to : ec employees - - all  cc :  subject : network engineering and operations organizational chart  the network engineering and operations organization is taking shape . the  attached organization chart reflects my direct reports and the major  disciplines within the engineering organization . please support this  leadership team in executing our mission to support our current network as  well as deploy the gfn infrastructure and support systems .  you will notice that there are many leadership openings in the organization ,  please direct any input regarding external candidates for these positions to  patty pennington .  the network engineering team is also attempting to recruit between 30 to 50  people ( as dictated by budget availability ) across the indicated disciplines  by mid - year .",0,network engineering operations organizational chart shirely please print vice meeting thanks ravi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications pm john griebling sent michol boyd pm ec employees cc subject network engineering operations organizational chart network engineering operations organization taking shape attached organization chart reflects direct reports major disciplines within engineering organization please support leadership team executing mission support current network well deploy gfn infrastructure support systems notice many leadership openings organization please direct input regarding external candidates positions patty pennington network engineering team also attempting recruit people dictated budget availability across indicated disciplines mid year
"Subject: resume for chris pernoud  molly ,  we want to hire this very bright young man as a part - time employee ,  reporting to mike roberts . mike will be contacting you regarding the details .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001  10 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" chris pernoud "" on 01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 21 : 11 am  please respond to  to : "" michael roberts "" , "" vincent kaminski ""  , "" shirley crenshaw ""  cc :  subject : resume for chris pernoud  gentlemen ,  thank you for your time and consideration yesterday . i am excited about  working for enron and gladly accept your offer .  to reiterate our consensus today , i will be working an average of 10 hours a  week , mostly early mornings from around 5 to 7 . another option for me might  be to work mondays , wednesdays , and fridays from around 5 to 8 or 9 .  toni graham was my contact in hr six months ago . she is probably more  familiar with my previous file than anyone else . if you have any questions  or concerns please don ' t hesitate to contact me .  thank you ,  chris pernoud  = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  christopher pernoud  7315 brompton rd .  apt . 231 b  houston , tx 77025  ( 713 ) 349 - 8963  cgpl @ cornell . edu  - chrispernoud . doc",0,resume chris pernoud molly want hire bright young man part time employee reporting mike roberts mike contacting regarding details vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect chris pernoud please respond michael roberts vincent kaminski shirley crenshaw cc subject resume chris pernoud gentlemen thank time consideration yesterday excited working enron gladly accept offer reiterate consensus today working average hours week mostly early mornings around another option might work mondays wednesdays fridays around toni graham contact hr six months ago probably familiar previous file anyone else questions concerns please hesitate contact thank chris pernoud christopher pernoud brompton rd apt b houston tx cgpl cornell edu chrispernoud doc
"Subject: re : tony hamilton  chris ,  e hired tony to support global markets but jeff shankman decided that , given  highly specialized nature of his work it makes sense to put him in the  research group , with a dotted line to mike roberts who is running our weather  group .  given that his work will directly and exclusively benefit gm , it makes sense  for research to charge his expenses  to global markets . we can adjust allocations to reflect his contributions to  different sub - units of gm .  tony spent the last few weeks in houston training for his position in london  with mike roberts .  we are very excited about the prospect of working with him .  vince  chris mahoney  04 / 05 / 2001 03 : 56 am  to : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , mark tawney / enron @ enronxgate , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : scott moncrieff / lon / ect @ ect , pierre aury / lon / ect @ ect , christie  marshall / lon / ect @ ect , richard smith / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : tony hamilton  tony was hired to work for global markets . think costs should be assigned  to vince or mark but if you  believe those costs should be for my group let me know .  tani nath  05 / 04 / 2001 09 : 33  to : chris mahoney / lon / ect @ ect , scott moncrieff / lon / ect @ ect , pierre  aury / lon / ect @ ect  cc : christie marshall / lon / ect @ ect , richard smith / lon / ect @ ect  subject : tony hamilton  i now have tony on one of my rcs ( research ) . i understand he will be doing  weather forecasts for some or all of you , and that he has a desk allocated in  global . i need to recharge his costs - can someone please advise the right  cost centre .  many thanks ,  tani",0,tony hamilton chris e hired tony support global markets jeff shankman decided given highly specialized nature work makes sense put research group dotted line mike roberts running weather group given work directly exclusively benefit gm makes sense research charge expenses global markets adjust allocations reflect contributions different sub units gm tony spent last weeks houston training position london mike roberts excited prospect working vince chris mahoney tani nath lon ect ect mark tawney enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc scott moncrieff lon ect ect pierre aury lon ect ect christie marshall lon ect ect richard smith lon ect ect subject tony hamilton tony hired work global markets think costs assigned vince mark believe costs group let know tani nath chris mahoney lon ect ect scott moncrieff lon ect ect pierre aury lon ect ect cc christie marshall lon ect ect richard smith lon ect ect subject tony hamilton tony one rcs research understand weather forecasts desk allocated global need recharge costs someone please advise right cost centre many thanks tani
"Subject: re : dragon curves ( thai baht forecast )  we have prepared the attached two reports to accompany the thai baht forecast  we produced on 13 september 2000 ( the previous curve was dated 15 may 2000 ) .  the first report provides specific economic factors that formed the basis for  our baht forecast decisions in september .  the second report is an analysis of ppp theory and foreign exchange  forecasting with a detailed discussion of its propriety to the economic  outlook and exchange rate forecast for thailand .  regards ,  maureen raymond - castaneda and gwyn koepke",0,dragon curves thai baht forecast prepared attached two reports accompany thai baht forecast produced september previous curve dated may first report provides specific economic factors formed basis baht forecast decisions september second report analysis ppp theory foreign exchange forecasting detailed discussion propriety economic outlook exchange rate forecast thailand regards maureen raymond castaneda gwyn koepke
"Subject: baylor professors lunch  i ' m sorry . . . try this .  beth  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beth miertschin / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000  05 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : beth miertschin 07 / 07 / 2000 05 : 01 pm  to : mitchell taylor / corp / enron @ enron , bill w brown / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shelly jones / hou / ect @ ect , geynille dillingham / hou / ect @ ect  subject : baylor professors lunch  on wednesday , july 12 dr . john martin , chair of finance department , and dr .  bill petty , chair of entrepreneurship department , of baylor university will  be at the enron building to discuss future sponsorship of the texas finance  festival and to talk about recruiting .  they have asked me to invite all of you to lunch with us on that day so that  they might have a chance to visit with you all as well . please let me know  if you are available for lunch on july 12 at noon .",0,baylor professors lunch sorry try beth forwarded beth miertschin hou ect pm beth miertschin pm mitchell taylor corp enron enron bill w brown hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shelly jones hou ect ect geynille dillingham hou ect ect subject baylor professors lunch wednesday july dr john martin chair finance department dr bill petty chair entrepreneurship department baylor university enron building discuss future sponsorship texas finance festival talk recruiting asked invite lunch us day might chance visit well please let know available lunch july noon
"Subject: http : / / www . foulston . com  hello ,  i have visited www . foulston . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net .  give your website maximum exposure today !  looking forward to hearing from you .  best regards ,  vanessa lintner  sales marketing  www . seekercenter . net  you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me : ",1,http www foulston com hello visited www foulston com noticed website listed search engines sure service number people visit website definitely increase seekercenter unique technology instantly submits website search engines directories really low cost effective way advertise site details please go seekercenter net give website maximum exposure today looking forward hearing best regards vanessa lintner sales marketing www seekercenter net receiving email opted receive special offers partner website feel received email error wish receive additional special offers please enter email address click button remove
"Subject: luigi zingales seminar on april 27  rice / enron finance seminar participants :  luigi zingales will present a paper co - authored with raghuram g . rajan , entitled "" the great reversals : the politics of financial development in the 20 th century . "" the full text of the paper is available in pdf form on the seminar website : http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss the baton for organizing the seminar series has been passed from barbara ostdiek to myself . if you have questions regarding the series , please contact me ( wangfa @ rice . edu or 713 - 348 - 5404 ) .  as we have done in the past , we will post the abstract and a downloadable version of the paper ( if available ) to the website a week or two before the seminar . the website will also provide a link to the speaker ' s homepage so you can access his or her biographical information . if the paper is not available at the website , i will send a hardcopy to interested jones school faculty , to felecia jones ( economics ) , sorin sorescu ( university of houston ) , and vince kaminski ( enron ) .  i will e - mail an announcement before each seminar , reminding you of the seminar date , time , and location . the distribution list will include everyone that receives this e - mail . please let me know if you would like to be deleted from the mailing list or if you know of someone who should be added .  albert  fu - kuo albert wang  assistant professor  jones graduate school of management - - ms 531  rice university  6100 main street  houston , tx 77005  phone : 713 - 348 - 5404  fax : 713 - 348 - 5251  email : wangfa @ rice . eduhttp : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ wangfa /",0,luigi zingales seminar april rice enron finance seminar participants luigi zingales present paper co authored raghuram g rajan entitled great reversals politics financial development th century full text paper available pdf form seminar website http www ruf rice edu jgsfss baton organizing seminar series passed barbara ostdiek questions regarding series please contact wangfa rice edu done past post abstract downloadable version paper available website week two seminar website also provide link speaker homepage access biographical information paper available website send hardcopy interested jones school faculty felecia jones economics sorin sorescu university houston vince kaminski enron e mail announcement seminar reminding seminar date time location distribution list include everyone receives e mail please let know would like deleted mailing list know someone added albert fu kuo albert wang assistant professor jones graduate school management ms rice university main street houston tx phone fax email wangfa rice eduhttp www ruf rice edu wangfa
"Subject: new jcc stuff  vince , i ' m gone through wednesday of next week . i plan to work more on this  over the holiday . contact information is in the . doc  in other news , i didn ' t get the total return swaps finished . i have been  unable to nail down certain details . concepts are quite clear .  - kevin k .",0,new jcc stuff vince gone wednesday next week plan work holiday contact information doc news get total return swaps finished unable nail certain details concepts quite clear kevin k
"Subject: do vidzenija !  vince ,  today is the last day of my internship here this summer . i have had a  terrific summer . thank you so much for all of your support ! i have talked  with my supervisor from this group and i am pleased that he feels strongly  and positively about my performance . of course , my job decision is a very  important one for me and as i consider job offers in the upcoming months , a  variety of factors will be influencing my choice . certainly one of them will  be the positive experiece i have had with enron . but regardless of my  decision in future , i am so glad that i have had the opportunity to glimpse  into enron ' s business and culture . i have met some amazing people here , and  my experience with enron is something i will always take with me whereever i  go .  i hope to hear from you again . please feel free to contact me at any time .  my email remains : vngo @ rice . edu and i will leave shirley my phone number as  soon as i know it !  deepest regards ,  van",0,vidzenija vince today last day internship summer terrific summer thank much support talked supervisor group pleased feels strongly positively performance course job decision important one consider job offers upcoming months variety factors influencing choice certainly one positive experiece enron regardless decision future glad opportunity glimpse enron business culture met amazing people experience enron something always take whereever go hope hear please feel free contact time email remains vngo rice edu leave shirley phone number soon know deepest regards van
"Subject: re : eprm conferences  hi paul ,  ?  thanks for the e - mail . sorry i missed your calls this morning but i was at  the dentist , where its difficult to speak at the best of times !  ?  i ' m sorry but it doesn ' t look like we will be able to commit to ? the eprm var  conference . we are still a small company and the trip would tie us up for  over a week . i ' m sure you ' ll understand that internally we just can ' t  justify ? the two senior members of the company ? to be away on eprm business  and to have to pay money from our own pocket ? to run this course for you . it  was a difficult decision originally to ? offer our services at expenses only  with no fee , but we did so for the potential opportunity to work some more  with vince .  ?  good luck in your search for alternative course leaders .  ?  best regards .  ?  chris .  ?  ?  dr chris strickland  ?  director , lacima group ltd  www . lacimagroup . com  ?  school of finance and economics , university of technology , sydney  financial options research centre , university of warwick , uk  ?  ?  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : paul bristow  to : chris @ lacimagroup . com  sent : thursday , february 22 , 2001 8 : 13 am  subject : fw : eprm conferences  hi chris ,  ?  just an extra note regarding the course . if the reimbursements are suitable  i would like to finalise the line - up asap ( vince and a european enron  representative ) . if you were unable to participate i would need to offer  alternative invitations by the end of this week .  ?  all the best ,  ?  paul ? ?  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : paul bristow [ mailto : pbristow @ riskwaters . com ]  sent : wednesday , february 21 , 2001 9 : 13 am  to : ' chris strickland '  subject : re : eprm conferences  hi chris ,  ?  i ' ve been looking at the forward plan and the total budget for speaker  expenses is 5500 pounds ( us keyboard , no pound sign ) . at current exchange  rates this comes to a little over 15 , 000 australian dollars . i would be  happy to cover your expenses up to this figure .  ?  the course is scheduled to run in amsterdam ( not london as originally  planned ) and houston . the dates are slightly flexible ? to ? work with your  travel schedules . for instance , would you prefer to travel to  sydney - houston - amsterdam - sydney , or in the opposite direction ?  ?  if you could contact me to ? let me know if this would ? enable you to commit  to the course , i would be delighted to forward the notes from the research .  i would plan to then work on the outline until march lst . i look forward to  speaking with you soon .  ?  best wishes ,  ?  paul bristow ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : chris strickland [ mailto : chris @ lacimagroup . com ]  sent : tuesday , february 06 , 2001 5 : 18 pm  to : pbristow @ riskwaters . com  subject : re : eprm conferences  hi paul ,  ?  bit of a busy morning here - i ' ll be out for about 1 . 5 hrs ( 9 . 15 sydney  time ) . if we don ' t catch up today , i ' ll call tomorrow .  ?  chris .  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : paul bristow  to : ' chris strickland '  sent : tuesday , february 06 , 2001 1 : 33 am  subject : re : eprm conferences  hi chris ,  ?  i would like to confirm the dates of some of the forthcoming eprm events :  ?  effective var and stress testing techniques for the us energy industry . this  event will run on the 21 & 22 may in london and the 28 & 29 may in houston .  michele du berry ( director of conferences ) and i are looking at how we have  structured the training courses and are keen to present a different outline  than on previous courses . i would like to run this event with 2 - 3 trainers  per venue , rather than with 7 - 8 as we have done in the past . if you and les  clewlow would be interested in leading this course ( possible with vince  kaminski ) i would be delighted to discuss the event in greater detail .  ?  energy & power risk management , europe . our largest annual european event is  scheduled to between september 19 - 21 . victoria kerridge will be producing  this event from the london office and will be starting research in two  weeks . i am going to be providing her with a brief and will ensure that she  has your contact details .  ?  i have also been finalizing the details for the annual energy & power risk  management event in houston . this will take place on may 14 th & 15 th and is  close to completion . i would be happy to provide you with more details ,  without potentially running the risk of overloading your schedule with a  number of events in a short space of time ( var and eprm , houston ) . my  priority is to secure trainers for our var course .  ?  if you would be interested in any of the events listed , i would be happy to  talk with you this week . my direct line is 212 925 6990 , extension 225 .  ?  best wishes ,  ?  paul bristow  ?  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : chris strickland [ mailto : chris @ lacimagroup . com ]  sent : sunday , january 28 , 2001 8 : 02 pm  to : pbristow @ riskwaters . com  subject : eprm conferences  hi paul ,  ?  just a note so that you have my address . do you have dates for the us and  european conferences yet ? i ' m sure that we can arrange other work at the  same time to offset the expenses of speaking at these events if you want us  to participate .  ?  you also mentioned a training course on var and the energy area . we had an  eprm article last year with vince on a comparison of the different  techniques on a trial portfolio that might form the basis of something  useful . anyway , let me know .  ?  best regards .  ?  chris .  ?  ?  ?  ?",0,eprm conferences hi paul thanks e mail sorry missed calls morning dentist difficult speak best times sorry look like able commit eprm var conference still small company trip would tie us week sure understand internally justify two senior members company away eprm business pay money pocket run course difficult decision originally offer services expenses fee potential opportunity work vince good luck search alternative course leaders best regards chris dr chris strickland director lacima group ltd www lacimagroup com school finance economics university technology sydney financial options research centre university warwick uk original message paul bristow chris lacimagroup com sent thursday february subject fw eprm conferences hi chris extra note regarding course reimbursements suitable would like finalise line asap vince european enron representative unable participate would need offer alternative invitations end week best paul original message paul bristow mailto pbristow riskwaters com sent wednesday february chris strickland subject eprm conferences hi chris looking forward plan total budget speaker expenses pounds us keyboard pound sign current exchange rates comes little australian dollars would happy cover expenses figure course scheduled run amsterdam london originally planned houston dates slightly flexible work travel schedules instance would prefer travel sydney houston amsterdam sydney opposite direction could contact let know would enable commit course would delighted forward notes research would plan work outline march lst look forward speaking soon best wishes paul bristow original message chris strickland mailto chris lacimagroup com sent tuesday february pm pbristow riskwaters com subject eprm conferences hi paul bit busy morning hrs sydney time catch today call tomorrow chris original message paul bristow chris strickland sent tuesday february subject eprm conferences hi chris would like confirm dates forthcoming eprm events effective var stress testing techniques us energy industry event run may london may houston michele du berry director conferences looking structured training courses keen present different outline previous courses would like run event trainers per venue rather done past les clewlow would interested leading course possible vince kaminski would delighted discuss event greater detail energy power risk management europe largest annual european event scheduled september victoria kerridge producing event london office starting research two weeks going providing brief ensure contact details also finalizing details annual energy power risk management event houston take place may th th close completion would happy provide details without potentially running risk overloading schedule number events short space time var eprm houston priority secure trainers var course would interested events listed would happy talk week direct line extension best wishes paul bristow original message chris strickland mailto chris lacimagroup com sent sunday january pm pbristow riskwaters com subject eprm conferences hi paul note address dates us european conferences yet sure arrange work time offset expenses speaking events want us participate also mentioned training course var energy area eprm article last year vince comparison different techniques trial portfolio might form basis something useful anyway let know best regards chris
"Subject: d - g energy systems  vince & stinson ,  just wanted to keep you informed of the status . helyette has said that she  will send a proposal by saturday .  karla  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karla feldman / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2000 01 : 22  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  geman on 03 / 08 / 2000 12 : 27 : 06 pm  to : "" karla feldman ""  cc :  subject : re : enron - contract  dear ms feldman ,  thank you for your email . vince kaminski had  mentioned your name to me and i am pleased to  get in contact with you .  i am making slight adjustments in the license to  make it as admissible to you as possible ( it has been  sold so far to major utilities in europe ) . my husband  and second passport are us and i am using the help  of a lawyer in my family .  i will email you a license proposal by saturday .  sincerely  at 15 : 57 06 / 03 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  >  > dear ms . geman ,  >  > hello . my name is karla feldman . i work at enron corp . as a contract  > administrator . vince kaminski and stinson gibner have asked me to contact  you  > to obtain additional information pertaining to the purchase of the d - g energy  > systems application . they are interested in purchasing one ( 1 ) license .  >  > could you please send me , or have your attorney here in the states send me  the  > pricing and your software license agreement for our review ?  >  > my address is :  >  > karla feldman  > enron corp .  > 1400 smith street , room 2262  > houston , texas 77002  >  > my phone number is ( 713 ) 853 - 6754  > my fax number is ( 713 ) 646 - 8545  > my e - mail address is : karla . feldman @ enron . com  >  > thank you very much . i look forward to hearing from you or your attorney .  >  > karla feldman  > enron corp .  > contract administration  >  h , lyette geman  professor of finance  university paris ix dauphine and essec",0,g energy systems vince stinson wanted keep informed status helyette said send proposal saturday karla forwarded karla feldman hou ect pm geman pm karla feldman cc subject enron contract dear ms feldman thank email vince kaminski mentioned name pleased get contact making slight adjustments license make admissible possible sold far major utilities europe husband second passport us using help lawyer family email license proposal saturday sincerely wrote dear ms geman hello name karla feldman work enron corp contract administrator vince kaminski stinson gibner asked contact obtain additional information pertaining purchase g energy systems application interested purchasing one license could please send attorney states send pricing software license agreement review address karla feldman enron corp smith street room houston texas phone number fax number e mail address karla feldman enron com thank much look forward hearing attorney karla feldman enron corp contract administration h lyette geman professor finance university paris ix dauphine essec
"Subject: re : 2001 fma european conference  that ' s fine . i didn ' t want to change anything until i heard from you guys .  see ya !  john  at 11 : 06 am 11 / 28 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > thanks . stinson will be able to join us for dinner . he is opting out of  > the paper due to his big workload but we can get his perspective on  > the last 8 years he spent at enron .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 44 : 17 am  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : 2001 fma european conference  >  >  > here ' s the info on the european conference . just for your files .  >  > john  >  > > date : tue , 28 nov 2000 08 : 40 : 39 - 0500  > > from : karen wright  > > subject : 2001 fma european conference  > > to : kwright @ fma . org  > > x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 5 [ en ] ( win 98 ; i )  > > x - accept - language : en , pdf  > >  > > 2001 fma european conference  > >  > > the fifth annual european meeting of the financial management  > > association international ( fma ) will be held may 31 and june 1 , 2001 at  > > the hotel sofitel ( rive gauche ) in paris , france . fma ' s european  > > meeting brings together academicians and practitioners with interests in  > > financial decision - making . the meeting provides a forum for presenting  > > new research and discussing current issues in financial management ,  > > investments , financial markets and institutions , and related topics .  > > keynote addresses and other special presentations will be held in  > > addition to research paper presentations .  > >  > > paper submissions  > > research papers . the program includes traditional research paper  > > presentations . criteria used to determine the suitability of these  > > papers for the program include the nature of the research problem ,  > > implications of the proposed research , the quality of the research  > > design , and the expected contribution of the research to the  > > literature . please note that the purpose of these sessions is to  > > present new and unpublished research .  > >  > > submission fee . there is no submission fee for the fma european  > > conference .  > >  > > submissions . please follow these steps :  > > complete the presentation form that can be downloaded at  > > www . fma . org / paris . htm . carefully select the subject code on the  > > presentation form that most closely describes your research . the code  > > number you select will be used to select reviewers for your proposal .  > >  > > send six ( 6 ) copies of your completed paper , along with the completed  > > presentation form , to the fma office ( financial management association ,  > > university of south florida , college of business administration , tampa  > > fl 33620 - 5500 , usa ) .  > > please note that only completed papers will be accepted for the fma  > > european conference review process .  > >  > > the paper submission deadline is friday , december 1 , 2000 .  > >  > > you will receive an electronic confirmation of your submission within  > > six weeks of its receipt by the fma office , and you will be notified of  > > the results of the reviewing process by the middle of february , 2001 .  > >  > > competitive paper awards  > > the financial management association international is pleased to  > > announce that four ( 4 ) $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented in conjunction  > > with the 2001 fma european conference . the "" young scholars "" award will  > > be presented to the best paper authored by a ph . d . student ( or  > > equivalent ) or recent ph . d . ( or equivalent ) graduate . three additional  > > $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented to the papers deemed "" best of the best ""  > > by the members of the 2001 fma european conference competitive paper  > > awards committee . please note that these awards will be made only if , in  > > the opinion of the fma awards committee , a paper warrants such a  > > decision . the decisions of the fma awards committee are final .  > >  > > accepted papers . if your proposal is accepted , the version of the paper  > > you submit will be sent to its discussant as soon as he / she is  > > identified . you are obligated to send the final version of your paper to  > > the discussant and session chair by april 27 , 2001 . you also are  > > obligated to present your paper in a professional manner at the assigned  > > fma program session .  > >  > > the collegiality of the meeting provides a very special opportunity for  > > participants to share their work and to hear about the work others are  > > doing . thus , individuals whose papers are accepted for presentation at  > > the 2001 fma european conference will be expected to either chair a  > > session or discuss a paper .  > >  > > program co - chairs  > >  > > francois degeorge  > > hec paris  > > 1 rue de la lib , ration  > > 78351 jouy en josas cedex  > > france  > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 72 - 34 ( ph )  > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 94 - 34 ( fax )  > > degeorge @ hec . fr  > >  > > kent womack  > > dartmouth college  > > amos tuck school  > > hanover , nh 03755  > > 1 603 646 2806 ( ph )  > > 1 603 646 1308 ( fax )  > > kent . womack @ dartmouth . edu  > >  > > additional opportunities for participation  > >  > > session chairperson or discussant . if you wish to serve as the  > > chairperson of a session or paper discussant , but are not submitting a  > > paper , please complete the participation form which can be downloaded  > > from www . fma . org / paris . htm . submit the completed form to the fma office  > > by december 1 , 2000 . session organization will take place in march ,  > > 2001 .  > >  > > deadline summary  > >  > > completed papers : december 1 , 2000  > > chairperson / discussant requests : december 1 , 2000  > >  > >  > >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,fma european conference fine want change anything heard guys see ya john wrote john thanks stinson able join us dinner opting paper due big workload get perspective last years spent enron vince john martin vkamins enron com cc subject fma european conference info european conference files john date tue nov karen wright subject fma european conference kwright fma org x mailer mozilla en win x accept language en pdf fma european conference fifth annual european meeting financial management association international fma held may june hotel sofitel rive gauche paris france fma european meeting brings together academicians practitioners interests financial decision making meeting provides forum presenting new research discussing current issues financial management investments financial markets institutions related topics keynote addresses special presentations held addition research paper presentations paper submissions research papers program includes traditional research paper presentations criteria used determine suitability papers program include nature research problem implications proposed research quality research design expected contribution research literature please note purpose sessions present new unpublished research submission fee submission fee fma european conference submissions please follow steps complete presentation form downloaded www fma org paris htm carefully select subject code presentation form closely describes research code number select used select reviewers proposal send six copies completed paper along completed presentation form fma office financial management association university south florida college business administration tampa fl usa please note completed papers accepted fma european conference review process paper submission deadline friday december receive electronic confirmation submission within six weeks receipt fma office notified results reviewing process middle february competitive paper awards financial management association international pleased announce four awards presented conjunction fma european conference young scholars award presented best paper authored ph student equivalent recent ph equivalent graduate three additional awards presented papers deemed best best members fma european conference competitive paper awards committee please note awards made opinion fma awards committee paper warrants decision decisions fma awards committee final accepted papers proposal accepted version paper submit sent discussant soon identified obligated send final version paper discussant session chair april also obligated present paper professional manner assigned fma program session collegiality meeting provides special opportunity participants share work hear work others thus individuals whose papers accepted presentation fma european conference expected either chair session discuss paper program co chairs francois degeorge hec paris rue de la lib ration jouy en josas cedex france ph fax degeorge hec fr kent womack dartmouth college amos tuck school hanover nh ph fax kent womack dartmouth edu additional opportunities participation session chairperson discussant wish serve chairperson session paper discussant submitting paper please complete participation form downloaded www fma org paris htm submit completed form fma office december session organization take place march deadline summary completed papers december chairperson discussant requests december john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq tools  will bring a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out amonq the competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front end logo visuai identity logodentity offers creative custom design loqos stationery web sites careful hand powerfui marketinq tools bring breath fresh air business make stand amonq competitors ciick away future success click see sampies artwork check prices hot offers
"Subject: capital book  to further the process of reaching the stated objectives of increasing enron america ' s velocity of capital and associated return on invested capital , we have decided to create a capital book . the capital book will have no profit target associated with it and will be managed by joe deffner . the purpose of creating this book is to ensure that all transactions within enron americas , with any form of capital requirement , are structured correctly and are allocated the appropriate cost of capital charge .  the previous numbers used in the business plans at the beginning of this year will remain for all transactions in place and where we hold assets . therefore , on any assets currently held within each business area , the capital charge will remain at 15 % . internal ownership of these assets will be maintained by the originating business unit subject to the internal ownership policy outlined below .  the cost of capital associated with all transactions in enron americas will be set by joe . this process is separate and apart from the current rac process for transactions which will continue unchanged .  capital investments on balance sheet will continue to accrue a capital charge at the previously established rate of 15 % . transactions which are structured off credit will receive a pure market pass through of the actually incurred cost of capital as opposed to the previous 15 % across the board charge . transactions which are structured off balance sheet , but on credit will be priced based upon the financial impact on enron america ' s overall credit capacity .  on transactions that deploy capital through the trading books , the capital book will take a finance reserve on each transaction , similar to the way the credit group takes a credit reserve . this finance reserve will be used specifically to fund the capital required for the transaction . as noted above , the capital book will have no budget and will essentially charge out to the origination and trading groups at actual cost .  by sending market - based capital pricing signals internally , enron america ' s sources of capital and liquidity should be better optimized across the organization .  questions regarding the capital book can be addressed to :  joe deffner 853 - 7117  alan quaintance 345 - 7731",0,capital book process reaching stated objectives increasing enron america velocity capital associated return invested capital decided create capital book capital book profit target associated managed joe deffner purpose creating book ensure transactions within enron americas form capital requirement structured correctly allocated appropriate cost capital charge previous numbers used business plans beginning year remain transactions place hold assets therefore assets currently held within business area capital charge remain internal ownership assets maintained originating business unit subject internal ownership policy outlined cost capital associated transactions enron americas set joe process separate apart current rac process transactions continue unchanged capital investments balance sheet continue accrue capital charge previously established rate transactions structured credit receive pure market pass actually incurred cost capital opposed previous across board charge transactions structured balance sheet credit priced based upon financial impact enron america overall credit capacity transactions deploy capital trading books capital book take finance reserve transaction similar way credit group takes credit reserve finance reserve used specifically fund capital required transaction noted capital book budget essentially charge origination trading groups actual cost sending market based capital pricing signals internally enron america sources capital liquidity better optimized across organization questions regarding capital book addressed joe deffner alan quaintance
"Subject: prime lenders application status  we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate .  i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved .  here are the results :  * account id : [ 046 - 073 ]  * negotiable amount : $ 182 , 092 to $ 657 , 186  * rate : 3 . 30 % - 5 . 52 %  please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible .  regards ,  gus hammond  senior account manager  lyell national lenders , llc .  database deletion :  www . lend - bloxz . com / r . php ",1,prime lenders application status tried contact last week refinancing home lower rate would like inform know pre approved results account id negotiable amount rate please fill quick form broker contact soon possible regards gus hammond senior account manager lyell national lenders llc database deletion www lend bloxz com r php
Subject: best prescription generic meds 4 less .  now your woman will be really happy with your intimate life !  our critics are our friends ; they show us our faults .  my fellow astronauts . . .  once they were men . now they are land crabs .  beauty fades ; dumb is forever .,1,best prescription generic meds less woman really happy intimate life critics friends show us faults fellow astronauts men land crabs beauty fades dumb forever
"Subject: your confirmation is needed  please reply to this email message to confirm your subscription to  enl - dailyupdate - txt .  your email address has been entered for a subscription to the  enl - dailyupdate - txt mailing list . however , your new subscription requires  a confirmation that you received this email message and want  to join this mailing list .  if you do not want to join , do nothing . you will be automatically  removed .  to confirm that you do want to join , simply reply to this message .  make sure that your message is addressed to  to unsubscribe immediately , you send an email message to ",0,confirmation needed please reply email message confirm subscription enl dailyupdate txt email address entered subscription enl dailyupdate txt mailing list however new subscription requires confirmation received email message want join mailing list want join nothing automatically removed confirm want join simply reply message make sure message addressed unsubscribe immediately send email message
"Subject: re : check  julie ,  yes , this is how we split this expense internally .  please , send it to me .  vince  "" julie "" on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 57 : 55 am  to :  cc :  subject : re : check  vince ,  ?  oh . ? i sent an invoice to habiba for aus 5 k a while back , and she informed  me that she passed it along to the people who are handling the agreement now  ( i take that as fiona grant in london ? ) . ? i will then send out another  invoice of aus 5 k in the next week or so for the remaining balance . ? should  i have sent the invoice to you ?  ?  thanks ,  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 9 : 12 pm  subject : re : check  julie ,  a clarification . we had an agreement with chris and les to contribute ? aus  10 , 000  as a part of the cost .  vince  "" julie "" on 10 / 30 / 2000 12 : 32 : 14 pm  to : ? ?  cc :  subject : ? re : check  vince ,  thank you for your email .  we will send you a copy of the book as soon as it is available , which we  are now estimating to be around 21 november ( no need to send us a cheque ;  you deserve it ) .  just let us know if we should use a different address than your office ? in  houston .  thanks again for all of your help .  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 2 : 16 ? pm  subject : check  julie ,  this message was returned to me a few times when ? i sent it from my home  address .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ? forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  08 : 00 am ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 28 / 2000 12 : 12 : 57 ? pm  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com , vkamins @ enron . com  subject : ? check  julie ,  as the book is about to be released to the ? market , i would like to start  the  process to issue the check to lacima . ? who will be the payee ( lacima ) and  what  is the ? address ?  vince",0,check julie yes split expense internally please send vince julie cc subject check vince oh sent invoice habiba aus k back informed passed along people handling agreement take fiona grant london send another invoice aus k next week remaining balance sent invoice thanks julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent monday october pm subject check julie clarification agreement chris les contribute aus part cost vince julie pm cc subject check vince thank email send copy book soon available estimating around november need send us cheque deserve let us know use different address office houston thanks help julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent monday october pm subject check julie message returned times sent home address vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vkaminski aol com pm julie lacima co uk cc vkaminski aol com vkamins enron com subject check julie book released market would like start process issue check lacima payee lacima address vince
"Subject: wanna be more man ? check this dude  penis enhancement patch , doctor approved and recommended .  http : / / www . siratu . com / ss /  come not within the measure of my wrath .  the enthusiasm of a woman ' s love is even beyond the biographer ' s .  silence is the most perfect expression of scorn .  distrust and caution are the parents of security .  it ' s only after we ' ve lost everything that we ' re free to do anything .",1,wan na man check dude penis enhancement patch doctor approved recommended http www siratu com ss come within measure wrath enthusiasm woman love even beyond biographer silence perfect expression scorn distrust caution parents security lost everything free anything
Subject: research family outing and volleyball game  hello everyone :  start practicing ! we are going to have an outing and volleyball game for  the research employees and their families ! .  details are as follows :,0,research family outing volleyball game hello everyone start practicing going outing volleyball game research employees families details follows
"Subject: old and new extensions  hello ,  may i please have several lines disconnected from my phone  and several new lines added .  you can delete 36336 and 33135 .  you can delete 33376 and 39719  also 34768 .  will you please add 36615 and 34305  will you add please jose marquez extension ,  a new hire . ( a new number )  also add 39737 and 36286 .  r . c . 100038  co . # 0011  thanks  kevin moore  any questions please feel free to call . x 34710",0,old new extensions hello may please several lines disconnected phone several new lines added delete delete also please add add please jose marquez extension new hire new number also add r c co thanks kevin moore questions please feel free call x
"Subject: re : mid year prc  soma ,  yes , no problem .  vince  soma ghosh  05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 43 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : mid year prc  vince ,  may i put you down as one of my reviewers for my final prc within rac ?  soma",0,mid year prc soma yes problem vince soma ghosh vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject mid year prc vince may put one reviewers final prc within rac soma
"Subject: re : visual numerics cnl licensing issues  rakesh ,  to confirm our conversation :  please , go ahead and buy a copy .  vince  rakesh bharati @ enron  03 / 29 / 2001 02 : 06 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : visual numerics cnl licensing issues  vince ,  tanya and i feel that there is a need for a constrained optimization routine  for our var related research . numerical recipes does not contain  subroutines where equality and inequality contraints can be easily  incorporated . also , the number of arguments that can be handled is also  limited .  imsl provides a comprehensive library of more than 300 c / c + + statistical and  mathematical analysis functions . we think that it would be of great value to  our efforts and to the efforts of our research group . presently the cost is  aproximately around $ 1500 and mike bothwell ( visual numerics rep ) assures us  as the version is not license protected , we all can use it as long as  simultaneous usage is within the license .  please let me know if you should need further information .  thanks ,  rakesh  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rakesh bharati / na / enron on 03 / 29 / 2001  01 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mike bothwell on 03 / 29 / 2001 12 : 56 : 03 pm  to : "" ' rakesh . bharati @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : visual numerics cnl licensing issues  rakesh , i ' m just following up to see how things looked on this . any change  in status ? let me know i can furhter help you .  best regards ,  mike bothwell  account manager  visual numerics inc .  phone : 713 - 954 - 6423  fax : 713 - 781 - 9260  cell : 713 - 417 - 9069  mbothwell @ houston . vni . com  visual numerics celebrates 30 years  as an independent software vendor  rakesh ,  as we discussed , the cnl 4 . 0 pc libraries are not license managed . version  5 will be . the pc version 4 . 0 can be installed on a network drive and  called from networked pcs . as expected , we would ask that enron honor the  license agreement by allowing only the number of simultaneous uses permitted  by the license . version 5 . 0 will be license managed and can be licensed as  node locked or floating .  with regard to unix licensing , the current version of cnl for unix is  license managed . it can be licensed as node locked or floating . if you  install the libraries on a unix server as node locked , the number of  simultaneous sessions on that server is not limited except by the  capabilities of the machine . a floating unix license would be checked out  by the individual user to be executed on a local machine .  also as mentioned , your investment is protected by allowing you to upgrade  in the future by paying only the price difference between your current and  desired platforms . this upgrade option only applies to licenses covered  under support .  if you have any additional questions , please let me know . i look forward to  providing you the best math and statistical libraries available today to  help you solve your problems and understand your data .  best regards ,  mike bothwell  account manager  visual numerics inc .  phone : 713 - 954 - 6423  fax : 713 - 781 - 9260  cell : 713 - 417 - 9069  mbothwell @ houston . vni . com  visual numerics celebrates 30 years  as an independent software vendor",0,visual numerics cnl licensing issues rakesh confirm conversation please go ahead buy copy vince rakesh bharati enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect subject visual numerics cnl licensing issues vince tanya feel need constrained optimization routine var related research numerical recipes contain subroutines equality inequality contraints easily incorporated also number arguments handled also limited imsl provides comprehensive library c c statistical mathematical analysis functions think would great value efforts efforts research group presently cost aproximately around mike bothwell visual numerics rep assures us version license protected use long simultaneous usage within license please let know need information thanks rakesh forwarded rakesh bharati na enron pm mike bothwell pm rakesh bharati enron com cc subject visual numerics cnl licensing issues rakesh following see things looked change status let know furhter help best regards mike bothwell account manager visual numerics inc phone fax cell mbothwell houston vni com visual numerics celebrates years independent software vendor rakesh discussed cnl pc libraries license managed version pc version installed network drive called networked pcs expected would ask enron honor license agreement allowing number simultaneous uses permitted license version license managed licensed node locked floating regard unix licensing current version cnl unix license managed licensed node locked floating install libraries unix server node locked number simultaneous sessions server limited except capabilities machine floating unix license would checked individual user executed local machine also mentioned investment protected allowing upgrade future paying price difference current desired platforms upgrade option applies licenses covered support additional questions please let know look forward providing best math statistical libraries available today help solve problems understand data best regards mike bothwell account manager visual numerics inc phone fax cell mbothwell houston vni com visual numerics celebrates years independent software vendor
"Subject: re : vol model  from : pavel zadorozhny on 08 / 31 / 2000 06 : 45 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , naveen  andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : vol model  it ' s been a while since i put this together . some assumptions , such as those  about the current var methodology may not be correct . but my ideas and the  math involved are hopefully reasonable . let me know if you have any questions .  pavel , x 34778",0,vol model pavel zadorozhny pm grant masson hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect naveen andrews corp enron enron cc subject vol model since put together assumptions current var methodology may correct ideas math involved hopefully reasonable let know questions pavel x
Subject: storage book . . .  ravi :  samer and i met this morning with sara ledbetter . she is starting the  groundwork for setting up a storage book and a streaming book for tracking  the e - powered products positions . they are having a meeting on next  tuesday to discuss this . samer will attend . this is a good opportunity to  start compiling the data that we will need for some of john grieblings  questions .  - - stinson  p . s . sara also asked if we knew anyone who would be interested in managing  the storage book . any suggestions ?,0,storage book ravi samer met morning sara ledbetter starting groundwork setting storage book streaming book tracking e powered products positions meeting next tuesday discuss samer attend good opportunity start compiling data need john grieblings questions stinson p sara also asked knew anyone would interested managing storage book suggestions
"Subject: jones graduate school course descriptions list for 2000 - 2001  spring 2001 faculty and students ,  jones graduate school course descriptions list for 2000 - 2001 has been  posted to embanet . to access the course descriptions please open the jgsm  area icon on the embanet desktop . next please open the announcement jgsm  icon . you will find the course descriptions located under the subject  column . please open the document . if you do not have access to embanet  you will need to speak with david kilgore at kilgore @ rice . edu or by calling  david at 713 - 348 - 5378 .  thanks ,  kathy  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0,jones graduate school course descriptions list spring faculty students jones graduate school course descriptions list posted embanet access course descriptions please open jgsm area icon embanet desktop next please open announcement jgsm icon find course descriptions located subject column please open document access embanet need speak david kilgore kilgore rice edu calling david thanks kathy kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs
"Subject: management announcement  we are pleased to announce that cliff baxter has been named vice chairman of  enron corp .  cliff joined enron in 1991 and has served in a variety of leadership  positions in enron corp . as well as enron  , s wholesale business , including sr .  vice president of corporate development for enron corp . , chairman and ceo of  enron north america , and chief strategy officer for enron corp .  in his new role , cliff will focus on the strategic repositioning of the  company as we continue to increase our return on invested capital .  initially , much of that activity will center on the disposition of certain  assets . cliff  , s leadership and experience at both the corporate and  operating company levels will enable him to lead the effort on this  company - wide priority .  please join us in congratulating and supporting cliff in his new role .",0,management announcement pleased announce cliff baxter named vice chairman enron corp cliff joined enron served variety leadership positions enron corp well enron wholesale business including sr vice president corporate development enron corp chairman ceo enron north america chief strategy officer enron corp new role cliff focus strategic repositioning company continue increase return invested capital initially much activity center disposition certain assets cliff leadership experience corporate operating company levels enable lead effort company wide priority please join us congratulating supporting cliff new role
"Subject: letter for lloyd  shirley ,  please , add the date at the right place .  vince",0,letter lloyd shirley please add date right place vince
"Subject: re : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  we can invite you for an interview to houston .  what would be a the time for you ?  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 11 : 32 : 04 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  thank you for your prompt response . i am interested in any contacts you  may have in your rolodex .  also , i would be opened to talk to enron as well . please let me know  more  details .  kind regards ,  iris  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 25 / 05 / 2000 16 : 19 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski , stinson . gibner , grant . masson , pinnamaneni . krishnarao ,  vasant . shanbhogue  bcc :  subject : re : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  i shall go through my rolodex and try to find some good leads for you . i left  investment banking 8 years ago and this field changes very fast .  alternatively , would you be interested in a company like enron  or another energy company in houston ?  please , let me know .  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 09 : 20 : 01 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  how are you ? thank you kindly for your email . sorry i have not  responded  sooner .  currently i am working in derivatives structured products and risk  management at bnp paribas in london . although i currently enjoy living and  working in london , i may need to return to the states - because of my mother ' s  failing health .  do you know of any good contacts at investment banks that i may forward  my  details to ?  for your information , i have attached my cv . ( please see attached file :  iris marie mack . doc ) .  thank you in advance for your time and consideration .  kind regards ,  iris mack  44 ( 0 ) 20 7595 8665 ( work )  44 ( 0 ) 20 7229 9986 ( home )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 04 / 04 / 2000 15 : 03 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski  bcc :  subject : re : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes .  i shall be glad to chat with you .  vince  iris . mack @ paribas . com on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 24 : 27 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : denis . autier @ paribas . com  subject : greetings from london ( to enron )  dear dr . kaminski ,  how are you ? it was nice to meet you at the real options conference  in  nyc .  i was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk . in  particular , by your use of real options to hedge financial options . this  is  something i am interested in as well .  when you have some time , could we chat about this topic in a bit more  detail ?  thanks for your time and consideration . hope to hear from you soon .  regards ,  iris mack  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a  commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided  for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * .  any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either  whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended  recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately .  * bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa  ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en  aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas *  sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le  groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion ,  meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes  pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement  l ' expediteur .  * le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas  sa  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  - iris marie mack . doc",0,greetings london enron iris invite interview houston would time vince iris mack bnpparibas com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject greetings london enron hi thank prompt response interested contacts may rolodex also would opened talk enron well please let know details kind regards iris internet vince j kaminski enron com gmt iris mack cc vince j kaminski stinson gibner grant masson pinnamaneni krishnarao vasant shanbhogue bcc subject greetings london enron iris shall go rolodex try find good leads left investment banking years ago field changes fast alternatively would interested company like enron another energy company houston please let know vince iris mack bnpparibas com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject greetings london enron hi thank kindly email sorry responded sooner currently working derivatives structured products risk management bnp paribas london although currently enjoy living working london may need return states mother failing health know good contacts investment banks may forward details information attached cv please see attached file iris marie mack doc thank advance time consideration kind regards iris mack work home see attached file iris marie mack doc internet vince j kaminski enron com gmt iris mack cc vince j kaminski bcc subject greetings london enron iris please feel free give call minutes shall glad chat vince iris mack paribas com vkamins enron com cc denis autier paribas com subject greetings london enron dear dr kaminski nice meet real options conference nyc intrigued comments conference talk particular use real options hedge financial options something interested well time could chat topic bit detail thanks time consideration hope hear soon regards iris mack message confidential contents constitute commitment bnp paribas group except provided written agreement bnp paribas group unauthorised disclosure use dissemination either whole partial prohibited intended recipient message please notify sender immediately bnp paribas group trading name bnp sa paribas sa ce message est confidentiel son contenu ne represente en aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le groupe bnp paribas toute publication utilisation ou diffusion meme partielle doit etre autorisee prealablement si vous n etes pas destinataire de ce message merci en avertir immediatement l expediteur le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas sa see attached file iris marie mack doc iris marie mack doc
"Subject: come on ! it ' s fun and easy ! !  * * * please read this email to the end * * *  try it . just for fun . it will cost you 25 $ to earn at least thousands of dollars ! ! ! this thing  is legal because you are buying and selling something of value : marketing reports .  there is my true story .  i received by email the instructions include in this letter . it interests me because the  system was quite simple . in the list of people selling the reports ( as you will see above ) ,  there was a guy living not so far . i searched for his phone number and i called him . i just  wanted to know if this system was really working . he told me his business was going  very well and he was receiving from 50 $ to 150 $ in cash everyday ! that ' s why i went  into this thing !  thank ' s to the computer age and the internet !  be an internet millionaire like others within a year ! ! !  before you say ' ' bull ' ' , please read the following . this is the letter you have been hearing  about on the news lately . due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a national  weekly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of this program  described below , to see if it really can make people money . the show also investigated  whether or not the program was legal .  their findings proved once and for all that there are ' ' absolutely no laws prohibiting the  participation in the program and if people can "" follow the simple instruction "" they are  bound to make some mega bucks with only $ 25 out of pocket cost ' ' .  = = print this now for your future reference = =  if you would like to make at least $ 500 , 000 every 4 to 5 months easily and comfortably ,  please read the following . . . then read it again and again ! ! !  follow the simple instruction below and  your financial dreams will come true , guaranteed !  instructions :  = = = = = order all 5 reports shown on the list below = = = = =  for each report , send $ 5 cash , the name & number of the report you are  ordering and your e - mail address to the person whose name appears on  that list next to the report . make sure your return address is on your  envelope top left corner in case of any mail problems .  = = = when you place your order , make sure = = =  = = = you order each of the 5 reports ! = = =  you will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your computer and resell them .  your total cost $ 5 x 5 = $ 25 . 00 .  within a few days you will receive , via e - mail , each of the 5 reports from these 5 different  individuals . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the  1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you . also make a floppy of these reports and  keep it on your desk in case something happens to your computer .  important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed next to each report ,  or their sequence on the list , in any way other than what is instructed below in step ' ' 1  through 6 ' ' or you will loose out on the majority of your profits . once you understand the  way this works , you will also see how it does not work if you change it .  remember , this method has been tested , and if you alter it , it will not work ! ! ! people  have tried to put their friends / relatives names on all five thinking they could get all the  money . but it does not work this way . believe us , some have tried to be greedy and then  nothing happened . so do not try to change anything other than what is instructed .  because if you do , it will not work for you . remember , honesty reaps the reward ! ! !  this is a legitimate business . you are offering a product for sale and getting paid for it .  treat it as such and you will be very profitable in a short period of time .  1 . . after you have ordered all 5 reports , take this advertisement and remove the name  & address of the person in report # 5 . this person has made it through the cycle and  is no doubt counting their fortune .  2 . . move the name & address in report # 4 down to report # 5 .  3 . . move the name & address in report # 3 down to report # 4 .  4 . . move the name & address in report # 2 down to report # 3 .  5 . . move the name & address in report # 1 down to report # 2  6 . . . . insert your name & address in the report # 1 position .  please make sure you copy every name & address accurately ! this is critical  to your success .  take this entire letter , with the modified list of names , and save it on your computer . do  not make any other changes .  save this on a disk as well just in case if you loose any data . to assist you with  marketing your business on the internet , the 5 reports you purchase will provide you with  invaluable marketing information which includes how to send bulk e - mails legally , where  to find thousands of free classified ads and much more . there are 2 primary methods to  get this venture going :  method # 1 : by sending bulk e - mail legally  let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we will assume you  and those involved send out only 5 , 000 e - mails each . let ' s also assume that the mailing  receive only a 0 . 2 % ( 2 / 10 of 1 % ) response ( the response could be much better but lets  just say it is only 0 . 2 % ) . also many peoplewill send out hundreds of thousands e - mails  instead of only 5 , 000 each ) .  continuing with this example , you send out only 5 , 000 e - mails . with a 0 . 2 % response ,  that is only 10 orders for report # 1 . those 10 people responded by sending out 5 , 000 e -  mail each for a total of 50 , 000 . out of those 50 , 000 e - mails only 0 . 2 % responded with  orders . that ' s = 100 people responded and ordered report # 2 .  those 100 people mail out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 500 , 000 e - mails . the 0 . 2 %  response to that is 1000 orders for report # 3 .  those 1000 people send 5 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 5 million e - mail sent out . the  0 . 2 % response is 10 , 000 orders for report # 4 .  those 10 , 000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 50 , 000 , 000 ( 50 million ) e -  mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 100 , 000 orders for report # 5 .  that ' s 100 , 000 orders times $ 5 each = $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( half a million dollars ) .  your total income in this example is : 1 . . . . . $ 50 + 2 . . . . . $ 500 + 3 . . . . . $ 5 , 000 + 4 . . . . .  $ 50 , 000 + 5 . . . . $ 500 , 000 . . . .  grand total = $ 555 , 550 . 00  numbers do not lie . get a pencil & paper and figure out the worst  possible responses and no matter how you calculate it , you will  still make a lot of money !  remember friend , this is assuming only 10 people ordering out of  5 , 000 you mailed to . dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone or  half or even one 4 th of those people mailed 100 , 000 e - mails each or more ?  there are over 150 million people on the internet worldwide and counting , with thousands  more coming on line every day . believe me , many people will do just that , and more !  method # 2 : by placing free ads on the internet  advertising on the net is very , very inexpensive and there are hundreds of free places  to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response . we  strongly suggest you start with method # 1 and add method # 2 as you go along . for  every $ 5 you receive , all you must do is e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it .  always provide same day service on all orders .  this will guarantee that the e - mail they send out , with your name and address on it , will  be prompt because they can not advertise until they receive the report .  = = = = = = = = = = = available reports = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  the reason for the "" cash "" is not because this is illegal or somehow "" wrong "" . it is simply  about time . time for checks or credit cards to be cleared or approved , etc . concealing it  is simply so no one can see there is money in the envelope and steal it before it gets to  you .  order each report by its number & name only . notes : always send $ 5  cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not accepted . make sure the cash is  concealed by wrapping it in at least 2 sheets of paper . on one of those sheets of paper ,  write the number & the name of the report you are ordering , your e - mail  address and your name and postal address .  place your order for these reports now :  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = report # 1 : ' the insider ' s  guide to advertising for free on the net  order report # 1 from :  y . l . wong  p . o . box no . 71819  kowloon central post office  hong kong  report # 2 : the insider ' s guide to sending bulk email on the net  order report # 2 from :  martin veronneau  c . p . 70058  laval , quebec  h 7 r 5 z 2  canada  report # 3 : secret to multilevel marketing on the net  order report # 3 from :  francis kidd  p . o . box 209  homestead , pa 15120  usa  report # 4 : how to become a millionaire using mlm & the net  order report # 4 from :  m . l . frayser  p . o . box 61432  fort myers , fl 33906  usa  report # 5 : how to send out one million emails for free  order report # 5 from :  stone evans  600 n . pearl , suite gl 03  dallas , tx 75201  usa  $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ your success guidelines $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $  follow these guidelines to guarantee your success :  = = = if you do not receive at least 10 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks , continue  sending e - mails until you do .  = = = after you have received 10 orders , 2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 100  orders or more for report # 2 . if you did not , continue advertising or sending e - mails  until you do .  * * once you have received 100 or more orders for report # 2 , you can relax , because  the system is already working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in ! this is  important to remember : every time your name is moved down on the list , you are  placed in front of a different report .  you can keep track of your progress by watching which report people are  ordering from you . if you want to generate more income send another  batch of e - mails and start the whole process again . there is no limit  to the income you can generate from this business ! ! !  following is a note from the originator of this program :  you have just received information that can give you financial freedom for the rest of your  life , with no risk and just a little bit of effort . you can make more money in  the next few weeks and months than you have ever imagined . follow the program  exactly as instructed . do not change it in any way . it works exceedingly well as  it is now .  remember to e - mail a copy of this exciting report after you have put your name and  address in report # 1 and moved others to # 2 . . . . . # 5 as instructed above . one of the  people you send this to may send out 100 , 000 or more e - mails and your name will be on  every one of them .  remember though , the more you send out the more potential customers you will reach .  so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials and opportunity to  become financially independent .  it is up to you now !  = = = = = = = = = = = = = testimonials = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  ' ' my name is mitchell . my wife , jody and i live in chicago . i am an accountant with a  major u . s . corporation and i make pretty good money . when i received this program i  grumbled to jody about receiving ' junk mail ' . i made fun of the whole thing , spouting my  knowledge of the population and percentages involved . i ' ' knew ' ' it wouldn ' t work . jody  totally ignored my supposed intelligence and few days later she jumped in with both feet .  i made merciless fun of her , and was ready to lay the old ' ' i told you so ' ' on her when the  thing didn ' t work .  well , the laugh was on me ! within 3 weeks she had received 50 responses . within the  next 45 days she had received total $ 147 , 200 . 00 . . . . . . . . . all cash ! i was shocked . i have  joined jodyin her ' ' hobby ' ' .  mitchell wolf m . d . , chicago , illinois  ' ' not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up my mind to  participate in this plan . but conservative as i am , i decided that the initial investment was  so little that there was just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my  money back . i was surprised when i found my medium size post office box crammed  with orders . i made $ 319 , 210 . 00 in the first 12 weeks .  the nice thing about this deal is that it does not matter where people live . there simply  isn ' t a better investment with a faster return and so big ' ' .  dan sondstrom , alberta , canada  ' ' i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i wondered if i should have given  it a try . of course , i had no idea who to contact to get another copy , so i had to wait until  i was e - mailed again by someone else . . . . . . . . . 11 months passed then it luckily came  again . . . . . . i did not delete this one ! i made more than $ 490 , 000 on my first try and all the  money came within 22 weeks ' ' .  susan de suza , new york , n . y .  ' ' it really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy money with little cost to you . i  followed the simple instructions carefully and within 10 days the money started to come  in . my first month i made $ 20 , in the 2 nd month i made $ 560 . 00 and by the end of third  month my total cash count was $ 362 , 840 . 00 . life is beautiful , thanx to internet ' ' .  fred dellaca , westport , new zealand  order your reports today and get started on your road to  financial freedom !  if you have any questions of the legality of this program , contact the office of associate  director for marketing practices , federal trade commission , bureau of consumer  protection , washington , d . c .  this message is sent in compliance of the proposed bill section 301 , paragraph  ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 .  * this message is not intended for residents in the state of washington , virginia or  california , screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability .  * this is a one - time mailing and this list will never be used again .  * to be removed from this list , please send an email with the word remove in the  subject line to freebie 4 u @ sinatown . com  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,come fun easy please read email end try fun cost earn least thousands dollars thing legal buying selling something value marketing reports true story received email instructions include letter interests system quite simple list people selling reports see guy living far searched phone number called wanted know system really working told business going well receiving cash everyday went thing thank computer age internet internet millionaire like others within year say bull please read following letter hearing news lately due popularity letter internet national weekly news program recently devoted entire show investigation program described see really make people money show also investigated whether program legal findings proved absolutely laws prohibiting participation program people follow simple instruction bound make mega bucks pocket cost print future reference would like make least every months easily comfortably please read following read follow simple instruction financial dreams come true guaranteed instructions order reports shown list report send cash name number report ordering e mail address person whose name appears list next report make sure return address envelope top left corner case mail problems place order make sure order reports need reports save computer resell total cost x within days receive via e mail reports different individuals save computer accessible send people order also make floppy reports keep desk case something happens computer important alter names people listed next report sequence list way instructed step loose majority profits understand way works also see work change remember method tested alter work people tried put friends relatives names five thinking could get money work way believe us tried greedy nothing happened try change anything instructed work remember honesty reaps reward legitimate business offering product sale getting paid treat profitable short period time ordered reports take advertisement remove name address person report person made cycle doubt counting fortune move name address report report move name address report report move name address report report move name address report report insert name address report position please make sure copy every name address accurately critical success take entire letter modified list names save computer make changes save disk well case loose data assist marketing business internet reports purchase provide invaluable marketing information includes send bulk e mails legally find thousands free classified ads much primary methods get venture going method sending bulk e mail legally let say decide start small see goes assume involved send e mails let also assume mailing receive response response could much better lets say also many peoplewill send hundreds thousands e mails instead continuing example send e mails response orders report people responded sending e mail total e mails responded orders people responded ordered report people mail e mails total e mails response orders report people send e mail total million e mail sent response orders report people send e mails total million e mails response orders report orders times half million dollars total income example grand total numbers lie get pencil paper figure worst possible responses matter calculate still make lot money remember friend assuming people ordering mailed dare think moment would happen everyone half even one th people mailed e mails million people internet worldwide counting thousands coming line every day believe many people method placing free ads internet advertising net inexpensive hundreds free places advertise placing lot free ads internet easily get larger response strongly suggest start method add method go along every receive must e mail report ordered always provide day service orders guarantee e mail send name address prompt advertise receive report available reports reason cash illegal somehow wrong simply time time checks credit cards cleared approved etc concealing simply one see money envelope steal gets order report number name notes always send cash u currency report checks accepted make sure cash concealed wrapping least sheets paper one sheets paper write number name report ordering e mail address name postal address place order reports report insider guide advertising free net order report l wong p box kowloon central post office hong kong report insider guide sending bulk email net order report martin veronneau c p laval quebec h r z canada report secret multilevel marketing net order report francis kidd p box homestead pa usa report become millionaire using mlm net order report l frayser p box fort myers fl usa report send one million emails free order report stone evans n pearl suite gl dallas tx usa success guidelines follow guidelines guarantee success receive least orders report within weeks continue sending e mails received orders weeks receive orders report continue advertising sending e mails received orders report relax system already working cash continue roll important remember every time name moved list placed front different report keep track progress watching report people ordering want generate income send another batch e mails start whole process limit income generate business following note originator program received information give financial freedom rest life risk little bit effort make money next weeks months ever imagined follow program exactly instructed change way works exceedingly well remember e mail copy exciting report put name address report moved others instructed one people send may send e mails name every one remember though send potential customers reach friend given ideas information materials opportunity become financially independent testimonials name mitchell wife jody live chicago accountant major u corporation make pretty good money received program grumbled jody receiving junk mail made fun whole thing spouting knowledge population percentages involved knew work jody totally ignored supposed intelligence days later jumped feet made merciless fun ready lay old told thing work well laugh within weeks received responses within next days received total cash shocked joined jodyin hobby mitchell wolf chicago illinois gambling type took several weeks make mind participate plan conservative decided initial investment little way get enough orders least get money back surprised found medium size post office box crammed orders made first weeks nice thing deal matter people live simply better investment faster return big dan sondstrom alberta canada received program deleted later wondered given try course idea contact get another copy wait e mailed someone else months passed luckily came delete one made first try money came within weeks susan de suza new york n really great opportunity make relatively easy money little cost followed simple instructions carefully within days money started come first month made nd month made end third month total cash count life beautiful thanx internet fred dellaca westport new zealand order reports today get started road financial freedom questions legality program contact office associate director marketing practices federal trade commission bureau consumer protection washington c message sent compliance proposed bill section paragraph c message intended residents state washington virginia california screening addresses done best technical ability one time mailing list never used removed list please send email word remove subject line freebie u sinatown com sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: re : article  hello , vince !  i just got this from steve bigalow . is it okay to use for monday ' s  newsletter ?  thanks for the help ,  sam  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by william smith / corp / enron on 03 / 09 / 2001  12 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  steve bigalow  03 / 09 / 2001 11 : 39 am  to : william smith / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : article",0,article hello vince got steve bigalow okay use monday newsletter thanks help sam forwarded william smith corp enron pm steve bigalow william smith corp enron enron cc subject article
"Subject: energy extravaganza - 2 weeks away !  energy extravaganza is just two weeks away - saturday , may 6 , 2000 ! if you  haven ' t bought your ticket or asked your company to sponsor a table , do so  and  let us know . there are still spots available for both , and you won ' t want to  miss this exciting evening ! there will be magic , dinner , dancing and some  wonderful silent auction items for the taking ! bid on condos in maui , lake  tahoe and a log home in angelfire ! there will be golf and hunting packages ,  sports memorabilia , and pamper packages for your significant other !  there are still a limited number of raffle tickets left for a chance at that  new  2000 harley davidson 1200 custom sportster , so call the hea office if you  would  like to buy one or to purchase your gala tickets . don ' t delay - we want to  see  you there !  this message was sent by :  teresa knight , executive director  houston energy association ( hea )  phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551  fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424  tknight @ houstonenergy . org  if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list ,  please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a  mini - form to remove your name automatically .  http : / / www . houstonenergy . org /",0,energy extravaganza weeks away energy extravaganza two weeks away saturday may bought ticket asked company sponsor table let us know still spots available want miss exciting evening magic dinner dancing wonderful silent auction items taking bid condos maui lake tahoe log home angelfire golf hunting packages sports memorabilia pamper packages significant still limited number raffle tickets left chance new harley davidson custom sportster call hea office would like buy one purchase gala tickets delay want see message sent teresa knight executive director houston energy association hea phone fax tknight houstonenergy org would like email address removed mailing list please click link hea home page find mini form remove name automatically http www houstonenergy org
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at mail . globalhosting . com .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  sorry , no mailbox here by that name . vpopmail ( # 5 . 1 . 1 )  - - - enclosed are the original headers of the message .  content - type : message / rfc 822  return - path :  received : ( qmail 93914 invoked by uid 399 ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 18 : 55 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo ml . dnsix . com ) ( 63 . 251 . 171 . 164 )  by mail . globalhosting . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 18 : 55 - 0000  received : from [ 61 . 106 . 118 . 27 ] ( helo = mailwisconsin . com )  by ml . dnsix . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 44 )  id ldupnn - 0002 ud - uo  for distltmich @ compusep . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 58 : 20 - 0700  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38191009 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : distltmich @ compusep . com  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  ( body supressed ) ",1,failure notice hi qmail send program mail globalhosting com afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work sorry mailbox name vpopmail enclosed original headers message content type message rfc return path received qmail invoked uid jul received unknown helo ml dnsix com mail globalhosting com smtp jul received helo mailwisconsin com ml dnsix com smtp exim id ldupnn ud uo distltmich compusep com tue jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo distltmich compusep com user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal body supressed
"Subject: research intelligence  stinson ,  please , take a look at this memo and forward with changes , if any , to ross  prevat .  enron corp . research group publishes weekly newsletter , "" research  intelligence , "" available to the internal users on the intranet , at the  following location : xxx . xxx . xxx . this site contains not only the new issues  of the newsletter as they become available , but also the archived copies of  the previous editions .  each issue of "" research intelligence "" contains a regular feature called  technical corner which is devoted to discussion of various quantitative  techniques that can be applied across different business units of enron .  i am sending you a binder with the archive copies of the technical corner  articles . please , review these articles and let us know whether some of the  techniques discussed in them could find application in your area . we shall be  glad to use our technical expertise to support your business .  binders would go to skilling , sutton , hannon , baxter , delainey , bowen , w .  curry , buy , bowen , overdyke , whalley , shankman , pai , etc . this is a partial  list . i think we should ask the head of each unit to make recommendations .  thanks .  vince",0,research intelligence stinson please take look memo forward changes ross prevat enron corp research group publishes weekly newsletter research intelligence available internal users intranet following location xxx xxx xxx site contains new issues newsletter become available also archived copies previous editions issue research intelligence contains regular feature called technical corner devoted discussion various quantitative techniques applied across different business units enron sending binder archive copies technical corner articles please review articles let us know whether techniques discussed could find application area shall glad use technical expertise support business binders would go skilling sutton hannon baxter delainey bowen w curry buy bowen overdyke whalley shankman pai etc partial list think ask head unit make recommendations thanks vince
"Subject: enron / globe  dear drs . roberts and benjamin ,  vince kaminski and i enjoyed and appreciated the opportunity to speak with  you this morning . enron is very happy to agree to participate in stanford ' s  globe project ( being conducted in partnership with mckinsey & company ) .  attached please find my business card with all of my contact information .  i look forward to hearing from dr . benjamin in the near future to begin  enron ' s involvement .  thank you !  - - christie .",0,enron globe dear drs roberts benjamin vince kaminski enjoyed appreciated opportunity speak morning enron happy agree participate stanford globe project conducted partnership mckinsey company attached please find business card contact information look forward hearing dr benjamin near future begin enron involvement thank christie
"Subject: re : dale nesbitt meeting tues  margaret ,  i shall invite hunter shiveley . i think it will cover ena .  vince  margaret carson @ enron  11 / 02 / 2000 09 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : james d steffes / na / enron @ enron  subject : dale nesbitt meeting tues  vince do you plan on inviting anyone from the power issues side  - - perhaps ben jacoby , julie gomez , jean mrha , scott neal to this meeting ?  thanks margaret  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret carson / corp / enron on 11 / 02 / 2000  09 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : john goodpasture 11 / 01 / 2000 05 : 53 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron , mike  mcgowan / et & s / enron @ enron , dave neubauer / et & s / enron @ enron , robert  hill / npng / enron @ enron , shelley corman / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : danny mccarty / lon / ect @ ect , bill cordes / et & s / enron @ enron , michael  moran / et & s / enron @ enron , rod hayslett / fgt / enron @ enron  subject : dale nesbitt meeting  margaret carson is going to join us in the meeting next week with nesbitt .  vince will check with ena to see if they also want to attend . i would also  like to determine if ets and / or nbp would want to send a representative ( s ) ,  although margaret said she would take copious notes for distribution to other  key players as necessary . we should ask nesbitt how he would structure a  deal for multiple clients ( eg . ets , nbp , ena , and maybe el paso ) .  [ we need to remain aware of any "" affiliate "" issues that may result , and make  certain that we are in complete compliance with the regs . ]  i will wait until after our meeting with nesbitt before deciding if / how to  approach el paso . presumably , if asked to particpate , they would share the  cost and have independent access to any working model that is developed .  jng  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john goodpasture / ots / enron on 11 / 01 / 2000  04 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 30 / 2000 04 : 42 pm  to : john goodpasture / ots / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : dale nesbitt  john ,  i talked to dale nesbitt . he suggested that the best way to evaluate his  model is to  go through a one week intensive project with assistance of somebody from his  company .  our cost is a flat fee of $ 12 , 500 that would be deducted from the purchase  price of $ 55 , 000 ,  in case we buy the software package .  the price of 55 k is indicative and will be adjusted based on the required  level of support .  dale will be in houston next week . i have tentatively invited him to visit  with us on tuesday ,  november 7 , at 3 : 00 p . m . he will adjust if you are busy at this time .  please , let me know what you think .  vince",0,dale nesbitt meeting tues margaret shall invite hunter shiveley think cover ena vince margaret carson enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc james steffes na enron enron subject dale nesbitt meeting tues vince plan inviting anyone power issues side perhaps ben jacoby julie gomez jean mrha scott neal meeting thanks margaret forwarded margaret carson corp enron john goodpasture pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect margaret carson corp enron enron mike mcgowan et enron enron dave neubauer et enron enron robert hill npng enron enron shelley corman et enron enron cc danny mccarty lon ect ect bill cordes et enron enron michael moran et enron enron rod hayslett fgt enron enron subject dale nesbitt meeting margaret carson going join us meeting next week nesbitt vince check ena see also want attend would also like determine ets nbp would want send representative although margaret said would take copious notes distribution key players necessary ask nesbitt would structure deal multiple clients eg ets nbp ena maybe el paso need remain aware affiliate issues may result make certain complete compliance regs wait meeting nesbitt deciding approach el paso presumably asked particpate would share cost independent access working model developed jng forwarded john goodpasture ots enron pm vince j kaminski ect pm john goodpasture ots enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject dale nesbitt john talked dale nesbitt suggested best way evaluate model go one week intensive project assistance somebody company cost flat fee would deducted purchase price case buy software package price k indicative adjusted based required level support dale houston next week tentatively invited visit us tuesday november p adjust busy time please let know think vince
"Subject: memo  information on grains and sugars from last week in memo form .  nelson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by nelson neale / na / enron on 03 / 05 / 2001 10 : 55  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : maria arefieva 03 / 05 / 2001 11 : 01 am  to : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : memo  attached please find a summary of sessions on grains and sugar . a memo on ag  policy and outlook for the livestock sector will follow .  thanks ,  masha",0,memo information grains sugars last week memo form nelson forwarded nelson neale na enron maria arefieva nelson neale na enron enron cc subject memo attached please find summary sessions grains sugar memo ag policy outlook livestock sector follow thanks masha
"Subject: what is emc stock to cash ?  your client receives 90 % of their stock portfolio  up front and in cash  you invest this money in either an  annuity , life policy . . . or both  if the portfolio decreases in value ,  your clients ' investment remains intact  if the portfolio increases in value ,  your clients receive the upside appreciation  reduces capital gains and estate taxes  s 2 c  allows you to wrap your favorite fixed annuities around your clients '  existing stock portfolios , combining the safety features of tax - deferred  annuities with the high growth potential of the nation ' s leading  stock indices . annuities can also be used to fund fixed life insurance  policies .  call tim armstrong or e - mail us today !  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  we  don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to  receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance  professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply  to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,emc stock cash client receives stock portfolio front cash invest money either annuity life policy portfolio decreases value clients investment remains intact portfolio increases value clients receive upside appreciation reduces capital gains estate taxes c allows wrap favorite fixed annuities around clients existing stock portfolios combining safety features tax deferred annuities high growth potential nation leading stock indices annuities also used fund fixed life insurance policies call tim armstrong e mail us today please fill form information name e mail phone city state want anybody receive mailing wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: all your life # 4 c 55  this is a mime message  content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary = "" - - - - = _ nextpart _ 001 _ 0080 _ 01 bdf 6 c 7 . fabaclbo ""  content - type : text / plain ; charset = "" iso - 8859 - 1 ""  content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable  * * * * * this is an html message ! * * * * *  content - type : text / html ; charset = "" iso - 8859 - 1 ""  content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable  dear candidate , = ao  you have been selected as a potential candidate for a free listing in = ao  the 2001 edition of the international executive guild registry = 2 e = ao =  please accept our congratulations for this coveted honor = 2 e = ao  as this edition is so important in view of the new millennium , the = ao =  international executive guild registry will be published in two different =  = ao  formats ; the searchable cd - rom and the online registry = 2 e = ao  since inclusion can be considered recognition of your career position = ao  and professionalism , each candidate is evaluated in keeping with high = ao  standards of individual achievement = 2 e in light of this , the internationa =  l executive  guild thinks that you may make an interesting biographical subject = 2 e = ao  we look forward to your inclusion and appearance in the international = ao  executive guild ' s registry = 2 e best wishes for your continued success = 2 e = ao =  international executive guild = ao  listing dept = 2 e = ao  if you  wish to be removed from our list , please submit  your request  at the  bottom of this email = 2 e  international executive guild  registration form  ( us and canada  only )  please  fill out this form if you would like to be  included on the international  executive guild , for accuracy and  publication purposes , please  complete and send this form at the earliest  opportunity = 2 e there is no  charge or obligation to be listed  on the international executive guild = 2 e  your  name  your  company  title  address  city  state  or province  country  usacanada  zip / postal  code  day  time telephone  home  phone  ( not  to be published )  email  to  help us in considering your application , please  tell us a little about  yourself = 2 e = 2 e = 2 e  your  business  ( financial  svcs , banking , computer hardware , software , professional svcs ,  chemicals ,  apparel , aerospace , food , government , utility ,  etc = 2 e )  type  of organization  ( m =  fg ,  dist / wholesaler , retailer , law firm ,  investment  bank , commercial bank , university ,  financial  consultants , ad agency , contractor , broker ,  etc = 2 e )  your  business expertise  ( corp = 2 emgmt ,  marketing , civil engineering ,  tax  law , nuclear physics , database development , operations , pathologist ,  mortgage  banking , etc = 2 e )  major  product line  ( integrated  circuits , commercial aircraft , adhesives , cosmetics , plastic components ,  snack foods , etc = 2 e )  note : submitting this form =  will  be made by email , not by use of www = 2 e confirmation of its de =  livery  is made by browsing your outgoing mail = 2 e  thank  you for filling in this form , we will contact you with more  information = 2 e  list  removal  click  here ",1,life c mime message content type multipart alternative boundary nextpart bdf c fabaclbo content type text plain charset iso content transfer encoding quoted printable html message content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding quoted printable dear candidate ao selected potential candidate free listing ao edition international executive guild registry e ao please accept congratulations coveted honor e ao edition important view new millennium ao international executive guild registry published two different ao formats searchable cd rom online registry e ao since inclusion considered recognition career position ao professionalism candidate evaluated keeping high ao standards individual achievement e light internationa l executive guild thinks may make interesting biographical subject e ao look forward inclusion appearance international ao executive guild registry e best wishes continued success e ao international executive guild ao listing dept e ao wish removed list please submit request bottom email e international executive guild registration form us canada please fill form would like included international executive guild accuracy publication purposes please complete send form earliest opportunity e charge obligation listed international executive guild e name company title address city state province country usacanada zip postal code day time telephone home phone published email help us considering application please tell us little e e e business financial svcs banking computer hardware software professional svcs chemicals apparel aerospace food government utility etc e type organization fg dist wholesaler retailer law firm investment bank commercial bank university financial consultants ad agency contractor broker etc e business expertise corp emgmt marketing civil engineering tax law nuclear physics database development operations pathologist mortgage banking etc e major product line integrated circuits commercial aircraft adhesives cosmetics plastic components snack foods etc e note submitting form made email use www e confirmation de livery made browsing outgoing mail e thank filling form contact information e list removal click
"Subject: thanks  maureen - thanks for your outstanding presentation on friday . sorry again for  the difficulties in scheduling .  i can see some excellent collection opportunities for our group as a result  of your presentation and look forward to discussing them with you on my  return . we think we can get excellent info on production & exports in  russia , as well as good insight into anti - dumping out of dc and the wto .  labor unrest , environmental problems , civil unrest are other possibilities .  fyi , the speeches from today ' s lme seminar will be posted on the lme website  tomorrow . you may be particularly interested in the outlooks for aluminum ,  nickel , and copper .  rj",0,thanks maureen thanks outstanding presentation friday sorry difficulties scheduling see excellent collection opportunities group result presentation look forward discussing return think get excellent info production exports russia well good insight anti dumping dc wto labor unrest environmental problems civil unrest possibilities fyi speeches today lme seminar posted lme website tomorrow may particularly interested outlooks aluminum nickel copper rj
"Subject: re : status  steve ,  welcome back . let ' s have coffee asap and review all the projects under way .  vince  from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 40 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : status  hi vince ,  winston is telling me that he has started a serious of presentations to  certain members of your group to help everyone better understand the various  components that have been documented .  how is that going from your perspective ? . . . . . . are your people getting  anything out of it ?  also , the var documentation was completed last week , and i ' ve just asked for  a full printed copy of it to be created mand given to your department .  i ' ve just engaged a small team to document the credit reserve model as a  final piece and then we are done with the core documentation .  regards  steve",0,status steve welcome back let coffee asap review projects way vince stephen stock enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject status hi vince winston telling started serious presentations certain members group help everyone better understand various components documented going perspective people getting anything also var documentation completed last week asked full printed copy created mand given department engaged small team document credit reserve model final piece done core documentation regards steve
"Subject: contract summaries  attached are the contract summaries for elba island term sheet , the heogh  galleon and exmar charter parties and the option contract on the 3 rd and 4 th  vessel .  i hope to finish summaries on eco - electrica and jose soon .",0,contract summaries attached contract summaries elba island term sheet heogh galleon exmar charter parties option contract rd th vessel hope finish summaries eco electrica jose soon
Subject: cheap oem soft shipping worldwide  don ' t be a fuddy - duddy . . . use the software everyone ' s using . . .  deus ex machina [ a god from the machine ]  to freely bloom - that is my definition of success .,1,cheap oem soft shipping worldwide fuddy duddy use software everyone using deus ex machina god machine freely bloom definition success
"Subject: re : request for suggestions : vince ' s visit to sydney in july  dear vince ,  after getting our heads together here ,  we would much apprecaite if you could share the research group ' s latest on  - - -  - var ie "" . . . repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk . . . ""  as well as cover additional topics viz .  - discuss , with application , enrons internal v @ r model , and how this is used  internally .  - discuss volatility modelling , and whether it is possible to maintain and  trade a term structure of volatility in electricity  - modelling forward curves with reference to associated markets ( eg oil ) .  can we gain some insights through spreads to related market curves ( spark ) .  i assume your hotel is booked already . catching the taxi is the best way to  get to your hotel .  since you are arriving on the weekend , if you need to contact me - my mobile  is 0417 - 692295 , home tel / fax  is 9232 - 8892  rgds raymond  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by raymond yeow / enron _ development on  07 / 07 / 2000 04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 20 am  to : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : raymond yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : your visit to sydney in july  paul , raymond ,  thanks for your message .  sorry i did not get in touch with you earlier . the last few weeks were very  hectic . i am starting  right now my preparations for the presentation i am going to give at the  conference .  here are the details of my itinerary ( i shall send you a copy tomorrow ) . i  arrive sunday morning  and leave saturday morning . the conference takes place on monday and tuesday .  on wednesday , i am making a presentation at the workshop on value - at - risk . i  would  like to stay at the conference for the duration : it ' s a great learning  opportunity for me .  on thursday and friday , as well as in the evenings ( except for the evening  of july 18 ) , i am at you disposal .  i would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as i can  about the australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda .  i shall be glad to make several presentation .  i can repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk as well as cover  additional  topics .  vince  paul quilkey @ enron _ development  07 / 04 / 2000 05 : 23 am  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : your visit to sydney in july  vince  i support raymond ' s email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give  a presentation ( formal or informal ) to the trading group on latest research  initiatives in houston . please let us know your schedule so that we do not  overly burden you during your visit . look forward to seeing you and catching  up over a beer .  thnx  paul  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paul quilkey / enron _ development on  07 / 05 / 2000 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  raymond yeow  07 / 04 / 2000 08 : 21 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development , kirsty hogarth / enron _ development , elliott  katz / enron _ development , david gray / enron _ development  subject : your visit to sydney in july  dear vince ,  hi ! , it ' s only two weeks until the aust energy risk ( 17 - 19 july ) seminar in  sydney .  is risk organising your hotel ?  otherwise , kirsty can organise for you ,  eg harbour view at the regent or convenience to the seminar location at the  sheraton ?  we would like to make sure that you have all the necessary "" comforts "" of home  when you are with us ,  elliott & david can set up a desk for you in the office / trading room with  phone etc  so you can use one of our pc to access email or plug in your laptop .  please let elliott or david kmow your requirements .  how long will you be with us ?  is this your first trip to sydney ?  there are several of us in the office who would like to take you for a  meal ( s ) / show you the sights etc and  discuss the latest research findings with you whilst you are in sydney eg var .  hear from you soon .  raymond  725 pm 4 july",0,request suggestions vince visit sydney july dear vince getting heads together would much apprecaite could share research group latest var ie repeat workshop presentation value risk well cover additional topics viz discuss application enrons internal v r model used internally discuss volatility modelling whether possible maintain trade term structure volatility electricity modelling forward curves reference associated markets eg oil gain insights spreads related market curves spark assume hotel booked already catching taxi best way get hotel since arriving weekend need contact mobile home tel fax rgds raymond forwarded raymond yeow enron development pm vince j kaminski ect paul quilkey enron development enron development cc raymond yeow enron development enron development vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject visit sydney july paul raymond thanks message sorry get touch earlier last weeks hectic starting right preparations presentation going give conference details itinerary shall send copy tomorrow arrive sunday morning leave saturday morning conference takes place monday tuesday wednesday making presentation workshop value risk would like stay conference duration great learning opportunity thursday friday well evenings except evening july disposal would like take advantage trip learn much australian markets discuss research agenda shall glad make several presentation repeat workshop presentation value risk well cover additional topics vince paul quilkey enron development vince j kaminski ect cc subject visit sydney july vince support raymond email would welcome opportunity give presentation formal informal trading group latest research initiatives houston please let us know schedule overly burden visit look forward seeing catching beer thnx paul forwarded paul quilkey enron development raymond yeow pm vince j kaminski ect cc paul quilkey enron development kirsty hogarth enron development elliott katz enron development david gray enron development subject visit sydney july dear vince hi two weeks aust energy risk july seminar sydney risk organising hotel otherwise kirsty organise eg harbour view regent convenience seminar location sheraton would like make sure necessary comforts home us elliott david set desk office trading room phone etc use one pc access email plug laptop please let elliott david kmow requirements long us first trip sydney several us office would like take meal show sights etc discuss latest research findings whilst sydney eg var hear soon raymond pm july
"Subject: re : storage model : simple issues  brad ,  here are my thoughts on your concerns .  * you needs curve inputs . this is an it job . i can help you for the curves  before the system is properly set up .  * intrinsic value vs time value :  the intrinsic value depends on how you allocate the volumes . if you have a  rough idea about the allocation as  you did in the spreadsheet , we can calucate the intrinsic value within the  model . the difference between the  total and the intrinsic will be the ( option ) time value . however , by  pre - allocating volumes , you killed some options .  in the storage model , volumes are allocated dynamically , therefore it is  hard to distinguish the intrinsic vs . time value .  * factor of loading : factor of loadings are used to give historical  correlation matrix . the three factors correspond to  paralle shift , slopping and curveture . the covariance matrix in the model  is expressed in the form  covar = row ( vol _ { i } ) * ( correl ( i , j ) ) * colum ( vol _ { j } ) where vols are  the implied volatilities from the vol curve .  ( correl ( i , j ) ) = l * l ' + residue ( small )  where l is the factor of loading matrix . so in a simple words , the factor of  loadings ( say , 60 x 3 ) are a simplier way for us to  remember the historical correlation matrix ( say , 60 x 60 ) .  let me know if i can offer further help .  zimin  brad horn 02 / 15 / 2000 07 : 15 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : sandra henderson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : storage model : simple issues  zimin :  thanks for your time with the revised storage valuation . your right to  point out the similarity to market bids . here are some basic questions tied  to implementation and calibration :  model infrastructure / it support : i obviously need to re - build my link to the  forward curves as the model is not working in my new location . short - term  ( aprox 1 month ) , i ' d like to establish a link to the ena database egsprod 32  in order to fetch the long - dated price and volatility curves . my link to ena  forward curves would then be quickly severed in favor of the curves generated  by the new bridgeline entity ( database name and data structure yet to be  defined ) . however , its not clear to me what is required in this two stage  process to support your model . any definition of model input or minimum  support requirements you provide is appreciated . i ' ll then work with sandra  henderson , an enron employee providing our it support , to ensure the model  continues to work regardless any downstream system changes that may take  place as we build and establish our separate trading systems or databases .  meanwhile , is there anything you think you can do to ensure im up and running  quickly ?  sandra : linking excel spreadsheets to bridgeline forward curves will be key  to all our pricing projects , not just the storage model supplied by research .  intrinsic vs extrinsic value : it would be helpful to decompose the model ' s  calculated storage price and to distinguish intrinsic vs extrinsic ( time or  option ) value . i could easily link a new spreadsheet tab to your model  inputs and to calculate the intrinsic value , and then through a simple  difference i could determine the extrinsic value . ive included a simple  spreadsheet calculation for the intrinsic value for review . i wanted to  share this with you to ask the following :  does the nature of the model define intrinsic and extrinsic value differently  than the simple difference proposed ?  do you think it would make sense to do the simple value decomposition in the  backcode c - code via . dll in order to ensure run - time is faster ?  my goal here is straightforward : a ) to better understand the model and its  sensitivities . ; and b ) to determine if and when the option approach is  associating significant value above and beyond the simple present value of  the time spreads .  factor loadings : what are some of the thoughts or insights you can offer with  regards to factor loadings and how i should interpret the graph of the 3  factors calculated ? factor loadings have always been a mystery to me . for  example , what problems should i be looking for as a warning against  mispricing ? what , if anything , is implied about 1 day price change or  expected curve re - shapings ( after all , curve - reshapings are key to storage  valuation ! ! ! ) ?  calibration : we are preparing a simple summary of descriptive statistics  which should allow me to refine some of the model inputs . i ' ll share the  data when we are and model results once im up and running .",0,storage model simple issues brad thoughts concerns needs curve inputs job help curves system properly set intrinsic value vs time value intrinsic value depends allocate volumes rough idea allocation spreadsheet calucate intrinsic value within model difference total intrinsic option time value however pre allocating volumes killed options storage model volumes allocated dynamically therefore hard distinguish intrinsic vs time value factor loading factor loadings used give historical correlation matrix three factors correspond paralle shift slopping curveture covariance matrix model expressed form covar row vol correl j colum vol j vols implied volatilities vol curve correl j l l residue small l factor loading matrix simple words factor loadings say x simplier way us remember historical correlation matrix say x let know offer help zimin brad horn zimin lu hou ect ect cc sandra henderson hou ect ect subject storage model simple issues zimin thanks time revised storage valuation right point similarity market bids basic questions tied implementation calibration model infrastructure support obviously need build link forward curves model working new location short term aprox month like establish link ena database egsprod order fetch long dated price volatility curves link ena forward curves would quickly severed favor curves generated new bridgeline entity database name data structure yet defined however clear required two stage process support model definition model input minimum support requirements provide appreciated work sandra henderson enron employee providing support ensure model continues work regardless downstream system changes may take place build establish separate trading systems databases meanwhile anything think ensure im running quickly sandra linking excel spreadsheets bridgeline forward curves key pricing projects storage model supplied research intrinsic vs extrinsic value would helpful decompose model calculated storage price distinguish intrinsic vs extrinsic time option value could easily link new spreadsheet tab model inputs calculate intrinsic value simple difference could determine extrinsic value ive included simple spreadsheet calculation intrinsic value review wanted share ask following nature model define intrinsic extrinsic value differently simple difference proposed think would make sense simple value decomposition backcode c code via dll order ensure run time faster goal straightforward better understand model sensitivities b determine option approach associating significant value beyond simple present value time spreads factor loadings thoughts insights offer regards factor loadings interpret graph factors calculated factor loadings always mystery example problems looking warning mispricing anything implied day price change expected curve shapings curve reshapings key storage valuation calibration preparing simple summary descriptive statistics allow refine model inputs share data model results im running
"Subject: virus update : please read  there are many different variations of the "" iloveyou "" computer virus still  being reported . the it infrastructure team is continually updating our virus  software as new versions become available , but it is extremely important that  you do not open any attachments that you do not regularly receive from  business associates . even business associates you are very familiar with  could be sending you the virus without knowing it , so unless you are  expecting an email from them with an specified attachment please do not open  it . if you are unsure whether to open an attachment please do not open it .  call your helpdesk to ask any questions and to get verification if required .  we may need you to log out and log back in during the day as new anti virus  updates become available . we appreciate your cooperation while we all work  to keep enron ' s computing environment secure .  please note the following enron policies regarding viruses :  email  malicious code ( virus ) screening  in addition to the enron requirement for email attachments ( received and  sent ) to be screened for malicious code ( viruses , trojan horses , etc . ) , users  of enron information resources are required to detach email attachments that  are received on to their hard drive for local virus screening purposes .  all executables ( * . bat , * exe , * . com , * . vbs ) files should never be launched  from email without first consulting with it .  virus alerts  the internet is constantly being flooded with information about computer  viruses and trojan horses . however , within among real virus notices are  computer virus hoaxes . while these hoaxes do not infect systems , they are  still time consuming and costly to handle . it only wastes bandwidth and  unnecessarily alarms other computer users .  please , do not perpetuate unconfirmed warnings about viruses and trojan  horses . if you receive an invalidated warning , don ' t pass it to all your  friends , pass it to your it computer security manager to validate first .  enron  information risk management  713 - 853 - 5536",0,virus update please read many different variations iloveyou computer virus still reported infrastructure team continually updating virus software new versions become available extremely important open attachments regularly receive business associates even business associates familiar could sending virus without knowing unless expecting email specified attachment please open unsure whether open attachment please open call helpdesk ask questions get verification required may need log log back day new anti virus updates become available appreciate cooperation work keep enron computing environment secure please note following enron policies regarding viruses email malicious code virus screening addition enron requirement email attachments received sent screened malicious code viruses trojan horses etc users enron information resources required detach email attachments received hard drive local virus screening purposes executables bat exe com vbs files never launched email without first consulting virus alerts internet constantly flooded information computer viruses trojan horses however within among real virus notices computer virus hoaxes hoaxes infect systems still time consuming costly handle wastes bandwidth unnecessarily alarms computer users please perpetuate unconfirmed warnings viruses trojan horses receive invalidated warning pass friends pass computer security manager validate first enron information risk management
"Subject: headcount verification - deadline noon wednesday , oct 25 , 2000  becky :  attached is the october "" revised "" research group headcount :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000  01 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  becky pham  10 / 24 / 2000 11 : 57 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : headcount verification - deadline noon wednesday , oct 25 , 2000  please verify the attached file for accuracy , complete the blank columns and  add any new employees . if you have any questions , call me . thanx .",0,headcount verification deadline noon wednesday oct becky attached october revised research group headcount forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm becky pham shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject headcount verification deadline noon wednesday oct please verify attached file accuracy complete blank columns add new employees questions call thanx
"Subject: work from home . free info  we need help . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , and we have  grown 1000 % ! we cannot keep up . we are looking for individuals who  want to work at home , and make a good living .  so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has  vast opportunities , then go :  http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity  and fill out our info form . no experience required , we will train you .  no committment is required by filling out the form , it is for info  only .  http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity  you want to be independent ? then make it happen !  happen !  simply click on the link below for free , no obligated information !  guaranteed !  http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity  to be removed from our link simple go to : ",1,work home free info need help year old fortune company grown keep looking individuals want work home make good living looking employed home career vast opportunities go http www lotsonet com opportunity fill info form experience required train committment required filling form info http www lotsonet com opportunity want independent make happen happen simply click link free obligated information guaranteed http www lotsonet com opportunity removed link simple go
"Subject: anthony dayao happy hour  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anthony dayao / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 00  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  cherylene r westbrook  07 / 06 / 2000 04 : 47 pm  to : cindy cicchetti / hou / ect @ ect , giselle james / corp / enron @ enron , terry  furches / corp / enron @ enron , xochil moreno / hou / ect @ ect , linda shoup / hou / ect @ ect ,  kim ladish / corp / enron @ enron , cheryl oliver / corp / enron @ enron , angelina v  lorio / hou / ect @ ect , diana ovalle / corp / enron @ enron , peggy mccurley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : anthony dayao / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect  subject : anthony dayao happy hour  assistants :  please forward to your groups asap .  thanks ,  cheri x 3 - 6477",0,anthony dayao happy hour forwarded anthony dayao hou ect cherylene r westbrook pm cindy cicchetti hou ect ect giselle james corp enron enron terry furches corp enron enron xochil moreno hou ect ect linda shoup hou ect ect kim ladish corp enron enron cheryl oliver corp enron enron angelina v lorio hou ect ect diana ovalle corp enron enron peggy mccurley hou ect ect cc anthony dayao hou ect ect beth perlman hou ect ect subject anthony dayao happy hour assistants please forward groups asap thanks cheri x
"Subject: re : lst chapter of training book  george ,  we shall be able to accommodate one or two extra people  in the first round .  we shall be glad to repeat the seminars starting soon for a  bigger group . we would like to learn form experience how to run  it .  by the way , we had an option training for ees ( roughly 150 people ,  over a few weeks ) . i can give you the materials and  we can repeat it if you think it ' s useful .  vince  george hopley  01 / 05 / 2001 09 : 01 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : lst chapter of training book  vince - i had heard about this derivatives class from clayton  and i am inquiring about the possibility of someone outside  of the research group being able to attend . if so , i would  like the opportunity . let me know if it is possible .  thanks ,  george  shirley crenshaw @ ect  01 / 05 / 2001 07 : 58 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect ,  maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , paulo  issler / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g  moore / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , william  smith / corp / enron @ enron , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , chonawee  supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect , tom  halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , sevil  yaman / corp / enron @ enron , sofya tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , bob  lee / na / enron @ enron , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron , hector campos / hou / ect @ ect ,  anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , v charles  weldon / hou / ect @ ect , praveen mellacheruvu / hou / ees @ ees , li sun / na / enron @ enron ,  stephen bennett / na / enron @ enron , roman zadorozhny / hou / ees @ ees , lance  cunningham / na / enron @ enron , leann walton / na / enron @ enron , shane  green / hou / ees @ ees , seksan kiatsupaibul / hou / ees @ ees , kate lucas / hou / ect @ ect ,  nelson neale / na / enron @ enron , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , kenneth  parkhill / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , jason  sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , steve bigalow / na / enron @ enron , tom  barkley / na / enron @ enron , rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : lst chapter of training book  good morning everyone :  here is the much anticipated copy of the lst chapter of the training book  "" energy derivatives "" .  as previously stated the training will begin on friday , january 19 th from  11 : 30 - 1 : 00 in 30 cland every first and third friday thereafter in 49 cl .  if you have any questions , please let me know .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley",0,lst chapter training book george shall able accommodate one two extra people first round shall glad repeat seminars starting soon bigger group would like learn form experience run way option training ees roughly people weeks give materials repeat think useful vince george hopley vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject lst chapter training book vince heard derivatives class clayton inquiring possibility someone outside research group able attend would like opportunity let know possible thanks george shirley crenshaw ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect martin lin hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect osman sezgen hou ees ees paulo issler hou ect ect amitava dhar corp enron enron alex huang corp enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron kevin g moore hou ect ect clayton vernon corp enron enron william smith corp enron enron jose marquez corp enron enron chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron shalesh ganjoo hou ect ect tom halliburton corp enron enron elena chilkina corp enron enron sevil yaman corp enron enron sofya tamarchenko na enron enron bob lee na enron enron gwyn koepke na enron enron hector campos hou ect ect anita dupont na enron enron youyi feng na enron enron v charles weldon hou ect ect praveen mellacheruvu hou ees ees li sun na enron enron stephen bennett na enron enron roman zadorozhny hou ees ees lance cunningham na enron enron leann walton na enron enron shane green hou ees ees seksan kiatsupaibul hou ees ees kate lucas hou ect ect nelson neale na enron enron rabi de na enron enron kenneth parkhill na enron enron jaesoo lew na enron enron jason sokolov hou ect ect steve bigalow na enron enron tom barkley na enron enron rakesh bharati na enron enron cc subject lst chapter training book good morning everyone much anticipated copy lst chapter training book energy derivatives previously stated training begin friday january th cland every first third friday thereafter cl questions please let know thanks great day shirley
"Subject: password for pjm 101 : the basics  dear pjm attendees :  for pjm 101 : the basics - febuary 27 , 2001 @ 9 : 00 am et  your username and password will both be pjm + the first 3 letters of your  last name . for instance my username and password would be pjmcur .  feel free to go to our web site and change this at any time .  http : / / www . virtual - workshops . com  if you have any questions regarding this , give me a call .",0,password pjm basics dear pjm attendees pjm basics febuary et username password pjm first letters last name instance username password would pjmcur feel free go web site change time http www virtual workshops com questions regarding give call
Subject: do not settle for less than a rolex .  italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping  http : / / revamp . fcke . com / repli / dir /  it is easy to be brave from a safe distance .  the multitude of books is making us ignorant .  it is better to be envied than pitied .  no bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings .,1,settle less rolex italian crafted rolex free shipping http revamp fcke com repli dir easy brave safe distance multitude books making us ignorant better envied pitied bird soars high soars wings
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ail iisted software is availabie for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery !  just few exampies :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquaqe !  best regards ,  rupert ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions german french spanish uk many others ail iisted software availabie immediate download need wait week cd deiivery exampies norton lnternet security pro windows xp professionai sp fuil version corel draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciuding macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianquaqe best regards rupert
"Subject: draft from the editor with questions . i ' ll call  mark ,  this is the latest draft ( fri afternoon ) , of the paper by john martin  from baylor . please , review the draft from the point of view of our pr  policy . i shall read it as well .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001  02 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" john d . martin "" on 02 / 02 / 2001 10 : 59 : 11 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : draft from the editor with questions . i ' ll call  vince ,  attached is the editor ' s latest edits on my draft . there are a couple of  things i ' d like to discuss with you and will call right after lunch .  john  - 134 martin 2 . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,draft editor questions call mark latest draft fri afternoon paper john martin baylor please review draft point view pr policy shall read well vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm john martin vkamins enron com cc subject draft editor questions call vince attached editor latest edits draft couple things like discuss call right lunch john martin doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : follow - up meeting on wharton  christie ,  this is regarding the risk management project .  i shall set up a separate meeting with jeff regarding wharton tiger team .  i would appreciate if you could call in as well .  vince  christie patrick  12 / 12 / 2000 10 : 14 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : james l bouillion / hou / ect @ ect , george carrick / hou / ect @ ect , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : follow - up meeting on wharton  hi shirley !  i ' ll be on vacation , but will be happy to call in at that time , or any other  time that is convenient for vince . should we also include jeff shankman ?  please let me know the time and telephone number to call , and i ' ll be there !  thanks !  - - christie .",0,follow meeting wharton christie regarding risk management project shall set separate meeting jeff regarding wharton tiger team would appreciate could call well vince christie patrick shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc james l bouillion hou ect ect george carrick hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject follow meeting wharton hi shirley vacation happy call time time convenient vince also include jeff shankman please let know time telephone number call thanks christie
"Subject: cheap oem soft shipping worldwide  why pay big bucks ? create your own website now !  you raise your voice when you should reinforce your argument .  what ' s up , doc ?",1,cheap oem soft shipping worldwide pay big bucks create website raise voice reinforce argument doc
"Subject: re : joint probabilities  bob -  i ' ve edited our numbers a bit on the azurix analysis and would like you to  re - run the joint probabilities tables .  please note that i ' ve got 2 cases in the model now - an optimistic case and a  pessimistic case . i hope you can run both cases . ( you will need to toggle  for case 1 or 2 - real complicated stuff ! ! )  please keep everything else the same ( ie , the currency probabilities , rab  probabilities , etc . )  thanks for your help .  michael anderson  646 - 9666",0,joint probabilities bob edited numbers bit azurix analysis would like run joint probabilities tables please note got cases model optimistic case pessimistic case hope run cases need toggle case real complicated stuff please keep everything else ie currency probabilities rab probabilities etc thanks help michael anderson
Subject: churn list  here is the requested churn list .  any questions please call kevin moore @ 34710  thanks  kevin moore,0,churn list requested churn list questions please call kevin moore thanks kevin moore
"Subject: aga forecast for 7 / 21 is 42  vince & stinson ,  the number comes out from the time series model is 42 , compared with mike ' s  61 .  last year ' s number ( true ) was 41 ( 7 / 23 / 99 ) , and 26 ( 7 / 30 / 99 ) . therefore the  curve is down - sloping dramatically .  let us see what happen tomorrow .  zimin",0,aga forecast vince stinson number comes time series model compared mike last year number true therefore curve sloping dramatically let us see happen tomorrow zimin
"Subject: inquery re : aluminium companies  vince ,  margaret mentioned to me that you might be able to help me with the  followings :  we ( central european origination , london office ) might start talking to two  aluminium companies in central europe . before we were to meet them , it would  be rather useful ( i suppose ) to find out what aluminium deals ( if any ) you  closed in the states . the most important issue would be whether you managed  to index the price of power to the price of aluminium ; if yes , how .  your help would be much appreacited .  many thanks ,  jozsef",0,inquery aluminium companies vince margaret mentioned might able help followings central european origination london office might start talking two aluminium companies central europe meet would rather useful suppose find aluminium deals closed states important issue would whether managed index price power price aluminium yes help would much appreacited many thanks jozsef
"Subject: re : book cover  habiba ,  thanks for this , but i haven ' t heard a peep out of them yet , and i ' m  concerned since the book and cover are going to print in about a week . ? is  it possible for me to contact them ?  ?  thanks ,  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : habiba . bayi @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  sent : wednesday , september 27 , 2000 2 : 46 pm  subject : re : book cover  julie ,  i have forwarded your e : mails and information to london . ? they now have  responsibility for this project and they would be making the necessary  decisions . ? i have given them your contact information so that they can  coordinate efforts with you .  thank you .  habiba  "" julie "" on 09 / 27 / 2000 08 : 21 : 54 am  to : ? ?  cc :  subject : ? book cover  habiba ,  could you please let us know if we can use the book cover on our web ? page ?  we would like to put this on our web site next week .  please let us know .  thanks ,  julie",0,book cover habiba thanks heard peep yet concerned since book cover going print week possible contact thanks julie original message habiba bayi enron com julie lacima co uk sent wednesday september pm subject book cover julie forwarded e mails information london responsibility project would making necessary decisions given contact information coordinate efforts thank habiba julie cc subject book cover habiba could please let us know use book cover web page would like put web site next week please let us know thanks julie
"Subject: new love tabs shop .  visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other iove enhancers all in one !  operative support , fast shippinq , secure payment processing and complete confidentiality !  ciick here to find your verified by bbb and approved by vlsa love pil 1 ! ",1,new love tabs shop visit llcensed online dragstore best inexpensive love drags viagra ciaiis softtabs many iove enhancers one operative support fast shippinq secure payment processing complete confidentiality ciick find verified bbb approved vlsa love pil
"Subject: revised aga forecast for 6 / 23 is 65  mike ,  i refit the molecular model incorporated last week ' s data , the revised number  for this week is 65 ,  ( dropped 3 bcf compared to last fit ) , see graph .  let us see what is the real number today .  zimin",0,revised aga forecast mike refit molecular model incorporated last week data revised number week dropped bcf compared last fit see graph let us see real number today zimin
"Subject: analyst candidate mitra mujica  if mitra mujica accepts the offer from the aa program , i would like you to  interview her at your earliest convience .  thanks for your help .  regards ,  maureen  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by maureen raymond / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001  05 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : andrea richards @ enron 02 / 16 / 2001 04 : 42 pm  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron  cc : jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect , shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect , althea  gordon / na / enron @ enron , teresa bosien / hr / corp / enron @ enron  subject : analyst candidate mitra mujica  maureen ,  mitra mujica , an analyst candidate from super thursday 2 / 15 , has been  reserved for your group . please note that this placement is contingent upon  the candidate accepting the analyst program ' s offer . mitra will have two  weeks to respond and we will contact you once her response is received .  please contact me if you have any questions .  thank you ,  andrea richards  career development  associate & analyst program  x 3 - 6499",0,analyst candidate mitra mujica mitra mujica accepts offer aa program would like interview earliest convience thanks help regards maureen forwarded maureen raymond hou ect pm enron north america corp andrea richards enron pm maureen raymond hou ect ect gwyn koepke na enron enron cc jana giovannini hou ect ect shelly butler hou ect ect althea gordon na enron enron teresa bosien hr corp enron enron subject analyst candidate mitra mujica maureen mitra mujica analyst candidate super thursday reserved group please note placement contingent upon candidate accepting analyst program offer mitra two weeks respond contact response received please contact questions thank andrea richards career development associate analyst program x
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing toois  wiii brinq a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out amonq the competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front end logo visuai identity logodentity offers creative custom desiqn loqos stationery web sites careful hand powerful marketing toois wiii brinq breath fresh air business make stand amonq competitors ciick away future success click see samples artwork check prices hot offers
"Subject: move on may 30 th  please note : the weather team will move on may 30 th .  we will return to our location near the kitchen eb 3240 however ,  each person in the group will have a desk in the area .  we will know longer be in separate locations .  mike roberts eb 3240 a  jose marquez eb 3240 b  kevin moore eb 3240 c  vince kaminski eb 3240 d  patricia tlapek eb 3240 e  sam smith eb 3240 f  elena chilkina eb 3240 g  please pack your desk on tuesday for the churn tuesday night .  if you did not sit in this area listed above before , space is limited .  please label all boxes , telephones , computers , etc .  thanks  kevin moore  any questions please call kevin moore x 34710",0,move may th please note weather team move may th return location near kitchen eb however person group desk area know longer separate locations mike roberts eb jose marquez eb b kevin moore eb c vince kaminski eb patricia tlapek eb e sam smith eb f elena chilkina eb g please pack desk tuesday churn tuesday night sit area listed space limited please label boxes telephones computers etc thanks kevin moore questions please call kevin moore x
Subject: delivery status notification ( failure )  this is an automatically generated delivery status notification .  delivery to the following recipients failed .  info @ ereksononline . com,1,delivery status notification failure automatically generated delivery status notification delivery following recipients failed info ereksononline com
"Subject: re :  frank ,  yes .  vince  from : frank hayden / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 07 : 51 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  vince ,  are you going to be able to make the power var meeting on thursday ?  frank",0,frank yes vince frank hayden enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject vince going able make power var meeting thursday frank
"Subject: re : lawyer  i will sign an agreement not to use the materials  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 11 : 13 am  to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : lawyer  ian ,  sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  i have one challenge i did not anticipate  when i talked to you the first time about our real options  internal seminar .  the materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor  from another school , and there is some sensitivity regarding  the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the  materials  outside enron .  please , give me some time to find out if i can work  around this issue .  vince  "" macmillan , ian "" on 03 / 07 / 2001 06 : 46 : 28 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : lawyer  i still have not heard from your lawyer . i would like to see whar  materials you are using and assess how we could work on the topic of real  options with enron",0,lawyer sign agreement use materials original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent thursday march macmilli wharton upenn edu cc vince j kaminski enron com subject lawyer ian sorry delay getting back one challenge anticipate talked first time real options internal seminar materials prepared collaboration professor another school sensitivity regarding intellectual property rights ability distribute materials outside enron please give time find work around issue vince macmillan ian vince j kaminski enron com cc subject lawyer still heard lawyer would like see whar materials using assess could work topic real options enron
"Subject: financial maths course , part 2  vince ,  just in case , here is a draft copy of the event for you to refer to .  paul  - finmathmail . doc",0,financial maths course part vince case draft copy event refer paul finmathmail doc
"Subject: demand price elasticities  here are excerpts from some work i recently did for epri . perhaps you will  find it of some interest .  i don ' t have the right to send you the whole article but i was allowed to  send you some excerpts .  naturally , this is intended for you alone .  best regards ,  jhherbert  - t 64 - 67 nletter 1 - 01 rev . doc",0,demand price elasticities excerpts work recently epri perhaps find interest right send whole article allowed send excerpts naturally intended alone best regards jhherbert nletter rev doc
"Subject: 2 - survey / information email 5 - 7 - 01  current notes user :  to ensure that you experience a successful migration from notes to outlook , it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration . please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey . when you finish , simply click on the ' reply ' button then hit ' send ' your survey will automatically be sent to the outlook 2000 migration mailbox .  thank you .  outlook 2000 migration team  full name :  login id :  extension :  office location :  what type of computer do you have ? ( desktop , laptop , both )  do you have a pda ? if yes , what type do you have : ( none , ipaq , palm pilot , jornada )  do you have permission to access anyone ' s email / calendar ?  if yes , who ?  does anyone have permission to access your email / calendar ?  if yes , who ?  are you responsible for updating anyone else ' s address book ?  if yes , who ?  is anyone else responsible for updating your address book ?  if yes , who ?  do you have access to a shared calendar ?  if yes , which shared calendar ?  do you have any distribution groups that messaging maintains for you ( for mass mailings ) ?  if yes , please list here :  please list all notes databases applications that you currently use :  in our efforts to plan the exact date / time of your migration , we also will need to know :  what are your normal work hours ? from : to :  will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation , leave , etc ?  if so , when ? from ( mm / dd / yy ) : to ( mm / dd / yy ) :",0,survey information email current notes user ensure experience successful migration notes outlook necessary gather individual user information prior date migration please take minutes completely fill following survey finish simply click reply button hit send survey automatically sent outlook migration mailbox thank outlook migration team full name login id extension office location type computer desktop laptop pda yes type none ipaq palm pilot jornada permission access anyone email calendar yes anyone permission access email calendar yes responsible updating anyone else address book yes anyone else responsible updating address book yes access shared calendar yes shared calendar distribution groups messaging maintains mass mailings yes please list please list notes databases applications currently use efforts plan exact date time migration also need know normal work hours office near future vacation leave etc mm dd yy mm dd yy
"Subject: tired of your high mortgage rate - refinance today . . . .  dear homeowner ,  interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the  best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds of  lenders !  home improvement , refinance , second mortgage ,  home equity loans , and much , much more !  you ' re eligible even with less than perfect credit !  this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers  without any obligation .  where others say no , we say yes ! ! !  http : / / www . page 4 life . org / users / loans 4 u /  take just 2 minutes to complete the following form .  there is no obligation , all information is kept strictly  confidential , and you must be at least 18 years of age .  service is available within the united states only .  this service is fast and free .  http : / / www . page 4 life . org / users / loans 4 u /  to opt out : ",1,tired high mortgage rate refinance today dear homeowner interest rates lowest point years help find best rate situation matching needs hundreds lenders home improvement refinance second mortgage home equity loans much much eligible even less perfect credit service free home owners new home buyers without obligation others say say yes http www page life org users loans u take minutes complete following form obligation information kept strictly confidential must least years age service available within united states service fast free http www page life org users loans u opt
"Subject: re : book order  thanks vince !  ?  will champagne do ? ? if not , name your price .  ?  do you have an email address for steve leppard ? ? i tried :  steve . leppard @ enron . com ? which bounced back .  ?  thanks ,  julie  ?  ps - guess i ' ll finally meet you at the end of the month ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : wednesday , january 31 , 2001 1 : 36 pm  subject : re : book order  julie ,  there are many employees in london ? who would be interested .  you can send ? an inquiry to steve leppard .  i had a presentation last night  to garp in houston and did a commercial for the book .  you should put me on commission .  vince  "" julie "" on 01 / 31 / 2001 06 : 31 : 39 am  please respond to "" julie ""  to : ? ?  cc :  subject : ? re : book order  vince ,  i wasn ' t sure if i responded to your email , so apologise either for my  delayed response or repeating myself .  thanks for the 2 nd order ! i believe they have already been ? dispatched .  yes , i believe we received payment ; thank you very much for ? following up  with paul . glad the book was a hit !  on another subject , are there any enron employees in europe who may be  interested in attending either the energy or the weather course ? or , are  the quants and risk management mostly handled out of houston ?  thanks again , and i ' ll forward an invoice on to shirley .  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : friday , january 26 , 2001 11 : 29 ? pm  subject : book order  julie ,  we received the shipment of 50 books . ? thanks .  the book was an instant hit . we need 50 more ? books .  vince  p . s . i understand paul sent you the check for the ? remaining 50 %",0,book order thanks vince champagne name price email address steve leppard tried steve leppard enron com bounced back thanks julie ps guess finally meet end month original message vince j kaminski enron com julie cc vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday january pm subject book order julie many employees london would interested send inquiry steve leppard presentation last night garp houston commercial book put commission vince julie please respond julie cc subject book order vince sure responded email apologise either delayed response repeating thanks nd order believe already dispatched yes believe received payment thank much following paul glad book hit another subject enron employees europe may interested attending either energy weather course quants risk management mostly handled houston thanks forward invoice shirley julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent friday january pm subject book order julie received shipment books thanks book instant hit need books vince p understand paul sent check remaining
"Subject: fw : stanford or - summer intern  stinson ,  should we get him as well ?  it seems he has the right skills .  we might have maxed out on the  number of summer interns through  the a / a program . we would have to  hire him directly .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 29 / 2000  08 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" shikhar ranjan "" on 02 / 28 / 2000 02 : 31 : 39 pm  to : ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fw : stanford or - summer intern  hi ravi :  i had sent an email about a week back with my resume for the summer  internship . i think the address i sent it to was not correct , so i am  resending it . i will also tell the others in the group to send there resumes  to you . thanks .  regards ,  shikhar  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shikhar ranjan  phd student  management science & engineering  stanford university ca  ( 650 ) 497 5762  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shikhar ranjan  to :  cc :  sent : sunday , february 20 , 2000 5 : 24 pm  subject : stanford or - summer interns  > hi ravi :  >  > please find attached my resume for the summer internship program . i  > apologize for the delay . we actually lost your contact info . please let me  > know if you will need any additional information and / or a cover letter  > besides the resume and i can send it right away .  >  > thanks  >  > regards ,  > shikhar  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > shikhar ranjan  > phd student  > management science & engineering  > stanford university ca  > ( 650 ) 497 5762  >  - resumeo 0 - ene . doc",0,fw stanford summer intern stinson get well seems right skills might maxed number summer interns program would hire directly vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect shikhar ranjan pm ravi thuraisingham enron net cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fw stanford summer intern hi ravi sent email week back resume summer internship think address sent correct resending also tell others group send resumes thanks regards shikhar shikhar ranjan phd student management science engineering stanford university ca original message shikhar ranjan cc sent sunday february pm subject stanford summer interns hi ravi please find attached resume summer internship program apologize delay actually lost contact info please let know need additional information cover letter besides resume send right away thanks regards shikhar shikhar ranjan phd student management science engineering stanford university ca resumeo ene doc
"Subject: re : eol competitors  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by li sun / na / enron on 01 / 29 / 2001 11 : 18 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : drew ries / enron @ enronxgate on 01 / 29 / 2001 11 : 15 am  to : li sun / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : eol competitors  li ,  globally there are probably over 80 "" competitors "" to eol . none of these  competitors have a meaningful market share . some of the names that jump to  mind are the following , but it should be easy to find others by surfing the  web . good luck .  drew  dynergy direct  houston street  altra  true quote  intercontinental exchange  enymex  coral connect  koch energy  epetroleum . com  red meteor  trade spark  american petroleum exchange  fuel spot",0,eol competitors forwarded li sun na enron drew ries enron enronxgate li sun na enron enron cc subject eol competitors li globally probably competitors eol none competitors meaningful market share names jump mind following easy find others surfing web good luck drew dynergy direct houston street altra true quote intercontinental exchange enymex coral connect koch energy epetroleum com red meteor trade spark american petroleum exchange fuel spot
"Subject: - - > direct marketing will increase sales 23875  there is no stumbling on to it !  the greatest way of marketing this century  is undoubtedly direct e - mail .  it ' s similar to the postman delivering a  letter to your mailbox .  the ability to promote your product ,  service , website , or mlm / network marketing  opportunity to millions instantly is what  advertisers have been dreaming of for over 100 years .  we e - mail your promotion to a list of our  general / business addresses .  the greatest part is , it ' s completely affordable .  e - mail marketing is the answer !  how do we know ?  we know because that ' s exactly what we do .  it ' s a proven fact that you can attract  new business through our direct e - mail marketing .  the profits that e - mail advertising generate are amazing !  we are living proof .  we are a direct e - mail internet advertising company and  our clients pay us thousands of dollars a week to e - mail  their products and services .  standard pricing and procedures  extracting :  our list of general internet addresses are actually extracted  from the most popular web sites on the internet . the addresses  are verified and run through our purification process .  the process includes addresses run against our custom remove  filter of 2 , 492 keywords , as well as through our 192 mb remove /  flamer list . the edu , org , gov , mil , and us domains are removed ,  as well as other domains that asked not to receive e - mail .  evaluation : $ 350 . 00 ( optional )  one of our marketing specialists will evaluate your sales  letter , and offer his / her expertise on how to make it the  most successful .  standard pricing : ( emails delivered )  1 million - $ 700 . 00 per  2 - 3 million - $ 600 . 00 per  4 million - $ 500 . 00 per  5 million & up - $ 400 . 00 per  special limited time offer !  this introductory offer of $ 300 . 00 includes :  1 . set - up fee  2 . evaluation of sales letter  3 . 500 , 000 e - mails delivered  payment policy :  all services must be paid in full prior to delivery of  advertisement .  notice :  absolutely no threatening or questionable materials .  if you are serious about direct > > email > > marketing > > - - send  the following to { fax } 1 ( 602 ) 392 - 8288  please fill this form out completely !  contact name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  business name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  # years in business : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  business type : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state : _ _ _ _ _ _  zip : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  email address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  phone : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ fax : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  > > > > > - >  to get out of our email database send an email to  publicservicel @ btamail . net . cn",1,direct marketing increase sales stumbling greatest way marketing century undoubtedly direct e mail similar postman delivering letter mailbox ability promote product service website mlm network marketing opportunity millions instantly advertisers dreaming years e mail promotion list general business addresses greatest part completely affordable e mail marketing answer know know exactly proven fact attract new business direct e mail marketing profits e mail advertising generate amazing living proof direct e mail internet advertising company clients pay us thousands dollars week e mail products services standard pricing procedures extracting list general internet addresses actually extracted popular web sites internet addresses verified run purification process process includes addresses run custom remove filter keywords well mb remove flamer list edu org gov mil us domains removed well domains asked receive e mail evaluation optional one marketing specialists evaluate sales letter offer expertise make successful standard pricing emails delivered million per million per million per million per special limited time offer introductory offer includes set fee evaluation sales letter e mails delivered payment policy services must paid full prior delivery advertisement notice absolutely threatening questionable materials serious direct email marketing send following fax please fill form completely contact name business name years business business type address city state zip country email address phone fax get email database send email publicservicel btamail net cn
"Subject: confirmation of your online order  wincenty j kaminski ( vkamins @ enron . com )  this email is to confirm your online order which was received on 24 - aug - 2000 .  please note that this does not constitute a receipt .  if you have any queries or problems please e - mail  directcustserve @ cup . cam . ac . uk ( customer services ) quoting order reference  number web 5908 / ds 51002180 .  totals : 1 lines , 1 items , weight 0 . 630 kg , value gbp 30 . 00  delivery charge , air : gbp 5 . 00  total cost : gbp 35 . 00  shopping basket  theory of financial risks , from statistical physics to risk management ,  jean - philippe bouchaud ( hardback ) , isbn 0521782325  quantity : 1 reference : kaminski cost : gbp 30 . 00 in stock",0,confirmation online order wincenty j kaminski vkamins enron com email confirm online order received aug please note constitute receipt queries problems please e mail directcustserve cup cam ac uk customer services quoting order reference number web ds totals lines items weight kg value gbp delivery charge air gbp total cost gbp shopping basket theory financial risks statistical physics risk management jean philippe bouchaud hardback isbn quantity reference kaminski cost gbp stock
"Subject: 2001 research allocation to ebs  vince , i hope you are well .  a question if i may .  i noticed that ebs ' s allocation for 2001 from the corporate research group ' s  budget was $ 1 . 44 m . could you please give me an ' heads - up ' on what i can  expect for the dollars - in terms of people , on - going projects , anticipated  work - program . i ' m aware that stinson in our point person , but i ' ve seen him  for a long while . a breakdown / schedule would be great .  i appreciate your help .  thanks .  barry .",0,research allocation ebs vince hope well question may noticed ebs allocation corporate research group budget could please give heads expect dollars terms people going projects anticipated work program aware stinson point person seen long breakdown schedule would great appreciate help thanks barry
"Subject: summer at enron  hi vince : if you or your human resources department tries to reach me ,  please call me at new home phone ( 713 ) 647 - 7161 , or email me at  ekao @ uh . edu , or eckao @ aol . com  monday , 5 / 15 will be my moving day . otherwise i can be reached at my home  phone . regards , ed",0,summer enron hi vince human resources department tries reach please call new home phone email ekao uh edu eckao aol com monday moving day otherwise reached home phone regards ed
"Subject: lance cunningham  vince :  i have left a message with teresa and have sent the following terse note to  lance to let him know that we are moving .  as we discussed , i asked teresa to offer 90 k + 10 k signing bonus .  regards ,  grant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 06 / 30 / 2000 11 : 21  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : grant masson 06 / 30 / 2000 11 : 21 am  to : lbcunningham @ mail . utexas . edu  cc :  subject : enron  lance :  i am going on vacation tomorrow , but i wanted to get in touch with you before  i left .  i have asked hr to extend an offer to you . teresa bien should be sending you  an offer letter via fedex . of course , with the july 4 th weekend , i ' m not sure  when you will get it .  if you have questions , i suggest that you call vince kaminski at 713 853  3848 .  regards ,  grant masson .",0,lance cunningham vince left message teresa sent following terse note lance let know moving discussed asked teresa offer k k signing bonus regards grant forwarded grant masson hou ect enron north america corp grant masson lbcunningham mail utexas edu cc subject enron lance going vacation tomorrow wanted get touch left asked hr extend offer teresa bien sending offer letter via fedex course july th weekend sure get questions suggest call vince kaminski regards grant masson
"Subject: re : credit . com cv ' s  shirley ,  how are we doing on bringibg these people to houston for an interview ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 11 / 2000  08 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bryan seyfried  05 / 10 / 2000 04 : 51 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : credit . com cv ' s  vince thanks for helping out . . . . . we really need more dedicated assistance .  zak is probably more pure research and his son phil would possibly be on the  desk . . . . . let ' s discuss after you have met them . .  vince j kaminski  05 / 08 / 2000 10 : 46 pm  to : rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , bryan  seyfried / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : credit . com cv ' s  rosie ,  we are making arrangements to bring them to houston for an  interview .  vince  rosalinda resendez  05 / 08 / 2000 11 : 10 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : credit . com cv ' s  vince ,  i ' ve been asked to forward these resumes to you .  rosie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rosalinda resendez / hou / ect on 05 / 08 / 2000  11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  louise  bratby  05 / 08 / 2000 10 : 11 am  to : rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : credit . com cv ' s  rosalinda  i work with melanie doyle in london hr . i have two candidates who i ' m trying  to arrange ( for bryan seyfried ) to come in and see vince kaminski however i ' m  finding it difficult to co - ordinate from this end . would it be possible for  you to forward these cv ' s on to vince ' s assistant as i ' m not sure who the  correct person is .  thanks for your help and if you need more details my number is 44 20 7783  6945 .  regards  louise",0,credit com cv shirley bringibg people houston interview vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect bryan seyfried pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject credit com cv vince thanks helping really need dedicated assistance zak probably pure research son phil would possibly desk let discuss met vince j kaminski pm rosalinda resendez hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect bryan seyfried lon ect ect subject credit com cv rosie making arrangements bring houston interview vince rosalinda resendez vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject credit com cv vince asked forward resumes rosie forwarded rosalinda resendez hou ect louise bratby rosalinda resendez hou ect ect cc subject credit com cv rosalinda work melanie doyle london hr two candidates trying arrange bryan seyfried come see vince kaminski however finding difficult co ordinate end would possible forward cv vince assistant sure correct person thanks help need details number regards louise
"Subject: expand your penis 20 % larger in weeks  add 3 + inches today - don ' t get left behind  http : / / www . xunepa . com / ss /  traditionally , most of australia ' s imports come from overseas .  we should live our lives as though christ were coming this afternoon .  nihilism is best done by professionals .  giving is a necessity sometimes . . . more urgent , indeed , than having .  no one in the world needs a mink coat but a mink .",1,expand penis larger weeks add inches today get left behind http www xunepa com ss traditionally australia imports come overseas live lives though christ coming afternoon nihilism best done professionals giving necessity sometimes urgent indeed one world needs mink coat mink
"Subject: fwd : fw : will you be the difference ?  fyi  jana  return - path :  received : from rly - yhol . mx . aol . com ( rly - yhol . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 147 . 33 ] )  by air - yhol . mail . aol . com ( v 76 _ rl . 8 ) with esmtp ; wed , 18 oct 2000 18 : 57 : 48  - 0400  received : from texasmonthly . emmis . com ( texasmonthly . emmis . com  [ 208 . 139 . 95 . 3 ] ) by rly - yhol . mx . aol . com ( v 76 _ rl . 19 ) with esmtp ; wed , 18 oct  2000 18 : 56 : 49 - 0400  subject : fw : will you be the difference ?  to : alexana @ wellsfargo . com , jlpnymex @ aol . com , kingair 500 @ aol . com ,  mdesanto @ minddata . com , kwgre @ aol . com , pmarb @ yahoo . com  x - mailer : lotus notes release 5 . 0 . 3 march 21 , 2000  message - id :  from : nalexander @ texasmonthly . emmis . com  date : wed , 18 oct 2000 18 : 15 : 34 - 0500  x - mimetrack : serialize by router on tmnto 2 / aus / txmo ( release 5 . 0 . 4 a | july 24 ,  2000 ) at 10 / 18 / 2000 05 : 54 : 02 pm  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / plain ; charset = us - ascii  texas monthly : if you want to be big in texas .  nancy alexander  account executive  214 . 871 . 7704  - - - - - forwarded by nancy alexander / aus / txmo on 10 / 18 / 00 06 : 14 pm - - - - -  karen burke  to : sloansimmo @ yahoo . com ,  ccgarcia @ prodigy . net , cbsbcol @ aol . com ,  10 / 18 / 00 sschrump @ ziplink . net , "" hosty , maria ""  ,  02 : 10 pm yvonne anguiano  ,  tanya . davis @ us . pwcglobal . com ,  2 onza @ pdq . net , "" lisa elledge ""  ,  proyecto 4 @ yahoo . com , "" hughes , jennifer ""  , anita  zmolek / aus / txmo @ txmo , nancy  alexander / aus / txmo @ txmo  cc :  subject : fw : will you be the  difference ?  texas monthly : if you want to be big in texas .  karen burke  713 . 871 . 1643 phone  713 . 871 . 0335 fax  - - - - - forwarded by karen burke / aus / txmo on 10 / 18 / 2000 02 : 08 pm - - - - -  jacquelyne  o ' keefe to : bassw @ swbell . net , karen  burke / aus / txmo @ txmo , elizabeth  wallace fulghum / aus / txmo @ txmo , lanette  varnadoe / aus / txmo @ txmo ,  simmonds @ pdq . net  10 / 18 / 2000 cc :  11 : 15 am subject : fw : will you be the  difference ?  texas monthly : if you want to be big in texas .  jackie o ' keefe wallace  retail advertising director  phone 713 . 871 . 1762  fax 713 . 871 . 0335  - - - - - forwarded by jacquelyne o ' keefe wallace / aus / txmo on 10 / 18 / 00 11 : 14 am  - - - - -  "" karen  thompson "" to : "" tim marron ""  , "" suzanne waller ""  , "" shelley smelley  marron "" ,  . net > "" pammy poindexter ""  , "" molly vaughan ""  , "" melissa  garlington ""  10 / 17 / 00  , "" mary marron ""  09 : 07 pm ,  "" margie \ "" aunt boggie \ "" marron ""  , "" liz rotan ""  , "" julia ""  , "" joanie seay ""  , "" jenny clark  brown "" ,  "" jackie wallace ""  ,  "" gmommy clark ""  , "" george kkempl 65 @ aol . com  ; jflesher @ kprc . com ;  akdwyer @ yahoo . com  ; cara _ clement @ yahoo . com ;  merrie @ mail . evl . net ; krichardson @ texasnf . org  ; kprice @ texasnf . org ;  ddeleon @ texasnf . org ; rfreeman @ texasnf . org  ; dbadura @ texasnf . org ; karen  thompson ; cmlucas @ swbell . net ;  annie 319 @ aol . com ; bmratch @ yahoo . com ;  sarah @ thedykes . com ; laura @ thebairds . com  ; mtucker @ datamate . com ;  colecaroline @ hotmail . com ;  mark . m . meador @ us . arthurandersen . com ;  robert muse ; dmoriniere @ swbank . tx . com  ; joanna latham ; merritt  pappas ; chip rives ; reagan rives  ; angela hilary and corey pond  ;  jeffrey smith ; kent winfield  date : tuesday , october 17 , 2000 3 : 37 pm  subject : fw : will you be the difference ?  >  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : jennifer . p . toomey @ us . arthurandersen . com  > sent : tuesday , october 17 , 2000 3 : 53 pm  > to : aford @ bpl . com ; birdsbecca @ aol . com ; bwilliamsl 236 @ austin . rr . com ;  > ckmattingly @ hotmail . com ; cshirley @ ccj - law . com ; cwilliams @ texasnf . org ;  > ewells @ nrsc . org ; jill . goldstein @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu ; halejulie @ yahoo . com ;  > hollyk 8 @ aol . com ; lsm 34 @ columbia . edu ; mtucker @ dpj . com ; sew 7 @ flash . net ;  > elizabeth . reid @ turner . com ; rskappraiser @ email . msn . com ; tehunt @ aol . com ;  > wdtiidd @ aol . com  > subject : fw : will you be the difference ?  >  >  >  >  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jennifer p . toomey on 10 / 17 / 2000 03 : 55  > pm  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  >  >  > to : brian _ seiler @ aimfunds . com , fritz _ weiss @ aimfunds . com ,  > jean _ miller @ aimfunds . com , charles _ hebert @ aimfunds . com ,  > sue _ hendrickson @ aimfunds . com , ralph _ terry @ aimfunds . com ,  > gormanab @ mindspring . com , alysonfisher @ yahoo . com , amandam @ microsoft . com ,  > adjohnso @ students . uiuc . edu , knocks @ ecsis . net , cbidding @ post . cis . smu . edu ,  > mpblalock @ aol . com , gmbl @ compassbnk . com , bcahal @ acxiom . com , carle @ wt . net ,  > cmiller @ rice . edu , connelly . mcgreevy @ gs . com , gnconnelly @ aol . com ,  > dawn . beach @ bowne . com , aimeedodson @ aol . com , ddominic @ temmc . com ,  > heather . k . doyle @ ac . com , aeasterby @ lrmm . com , ferikson @ mdanderson . org ,  > rtfass @ fcflaw . com , fguinn @ flash . net , tina . hoffman @ petrocosm . com ,  > rhurt @ lctn . com , wingram @ ddsep . com , jrcoastal @ aol . com , jennyv @ dpwpr . com ,  > jbandctaylor @ mindspring . com , keasterby @ aglife . com , jkiani @ coair . com ,  > kianim @ epenergy . com , kristen . kors @ weil . com , brittonk @ perryhomes . net ,  > katek @ . com , clipscomb @ kma . com ,  > kaymassmanlobb @ yahoo . com , mm 52 @ lucent . com , cjmandola @ aol . com ,  > mikebid @ earthlink . net , nataliebiddinger @ yahoo . com , steven . w . murray @ ac . com ,  > jpecher @ ect . enron . com , receskim @ perryhomes . net , jennifer p . toomey ,  > cvanos @ texas . net , jennyv @ dpwpr . com , kwehner @ brobeck . com ,  > elizabeth @ keen . com , david . d . wolf @ chase . com  > cc :  > date : 10 / 16 / 2000 09 : 00 am  > from : jackie _ mcgreevy @ aimfunds . com  > subject : fw : will you be the difference ?  >  >  >  >  >  > > the year is 1960 .  > >  > > jfk wins the election because he receives  > >  > > 1 more vote per precinct in illinois ( 8 , 858 votes )  > > 3 more votes per precinct in missouri ( 9 , 880 votes )  > > 3 more votes per precinct in new jersey ( 22 , 091 votes )  > >  > > without those 40 , 829 votes , the election goes to nixon .  > >  > > your vote does matter .  > >  > > experts say this will be the closest election since 1960 .  > > we agree .  > >  > > what can you do about it ? join the bush e - train !  > > ( 1 ) forward this e - mail to your friends and colleagues  > > ( 2 ) then click on the link below and enter your e - mail :  > > http : / / www . georgewbush . com / bn . asp ? pagemode = frontpagesignup  > >  > > our goal :  > > 2 , 000 , 000 e - mail addresses to spread the word  > > and get out the vote .  > >  > > be a part of history , get on the bush e - train and join  > > what will become one of the largest grassroots  > > movements ever .  > >  > > make the difference ! and receive the e - mail on  > > nov . 8 that says , "" president - elect george w . bush  > > thanks you . ""  > >  > >  > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  > >  > > paid for by bush - cheney 2000 , inc .  > > http : / / www . georgewbush . com  > >  > >  >  =  > = =  > >  > > to unsubscribe , please go here :  > > http : / / www . georgewbush . com / unsubscribe . asp ? email = yolaa @ earthlink . net  > >  > > to change your e - mail address or any other subscription information ,  > please go here :  > > http : / / www . georgewbush . com / mygeorgew . asp  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality  footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if  > you  > are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for  delivery  > of  > the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  > anyone .  > in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender  > by  > reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not  > consent to  > internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  > information in this message that do not relate to the official business of  > my  > firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .  >  >  >",0,fwd fw difference fyi jana return path received rly yhol mx aol com rly yhol mail aol com air yhol mail aol com v rl esmtp wed oct received texasmonthly emmis com texasmonthly emmis com rly yhol mx aol com v rl esmtp wed oct subject fw difference alexana wellsfargo com jlpnymex aol com kingair aol com mdesanto minddata com kwgre aol com pmarb yahoo com x mailer lotus notes release march message id nalexander texasmonthly emmis com date wed oct x mimetrack serialize router tmnto aus txmo release july pm mime version content type text plain charset us ascii texas monthly want big texas nancy alexander account executive forwarded nancy alexander aus txmo pm karen burke sloansimmo yahoo com ccgarcia prodigy net cbsbcol aol com sschrump ziplink net hosty maria pm yvonne anguiano tanya davis us pwcglobal com onza pdq net lisa elledge proyecto yahoo com hughes jennifer anita zmolek aus txmo txmo nancy alexander aus txmo txmo cc subject fw difference texas monthly want big texas karen burke phone fax forwarded karen burke aus txmo pm jacquelyne keefe bassw swbell net karen burke aus txmo txmo elizabeth wallace fulghum aus txmo txmo lanette varnadoe aus txmo txmo simmonds pdq net cc subject fw difference texas monthly want big texas jackie keefe wallace retail advertising director phone fax forwarded jacquelyne keefe wallace aus txmo karen thompson tim marron suzanne waller shelley smelley marron net pammy poindexter molly vaughan melissa garlington mary marron pm margie aunt boggie marron liz rotan julia joanie seay jenny clark brown jackie wallace gmommy clark george kkempl aol com jflesher kprc com akdwyer yahoo com cara clement yahoo com merrie mail evl net krichardson texasnf org kprice texasnf org ddeleon texasnf org rfreeman texasnf org dbadura texasnf org karen thompson cmlucas swbell net annie aol com bmratch yahoo com sarah thedykes com laura thebairds com mtucker datamate com colecaroline hotmail com mark meador us arthurandersen com robert muse dmoriniere swbank tx com joanna latham merritt pappas chip rives reagan rives angela hilary corey pond jeffrey smith kent winfield date tuesday october pm subject fw difference original message jennifer p toomey us arthurandersen com sent tuesday october pm aford bpl com birdsbecca aol com bwilliamsl austin rr com ckmattingly hotmail com cshirley ccj law com cwilliams texasnf org ewells nrsc org jill goldstein mbao bus utexas edu halejulie yahoo com hollyk aol com lsm columbia edu mtucker dpj com sew flash net elizabeth reid turner com rskappraiser email msn com tehunt aol com wdtiidd aol com subject fw difference forwarded jennifer p toomey pm brian seiler aimfunds com fritz weiss aimfunds com jean miller aimfunds com charles hebert aimfunds com sue hendrickson aimfunds com ralph terry aimfunds com gormanab mindspring com alysonfisher yahoo com amandam microsoft com adjohnso students uiuc edu knocks ecsis net cbidding post cis smu edu mpblalock aol com gmbl compassbnk com bcahal acxiom com carle wt net cmiller rice edu connelly mcgreevy gs com gnconnelly aol com dawn beach bowne com aimeedodson aol com ddominic temmc com heather k doyle ac com aeasterby lrmm com ferikson mdanderson org rtfass fcflaw com fguinn flash net tina hoffman petrocosm com rhurt lctn com wingram ddsep com jrcoastal aol com jennyv dpwpr com jbandctaylor mindspring com keasterby aglife com jkiani coair com kianim epenergy com kristen kors weil com brittonk perryhomes net katek com clipscomb kma com kaymassmanlobb yahoo com mm lucent com cjmandola aol com mikebid earthlink net nataliebiddinger yahoo com steven w murray ac com jpecher ect enron com receskim perryhomes net jennifer p toomey cvanos texas net jennyv dpwpr com kwehner brobeck com elizabeth keen com david wolf chase com cc date jackie mcgreevy aimfunds com subject fw difference year jfk wins election receives vote per precinct illinois votes votes per precinct missouri votes votes per precinct new jersey votes without votes election goes nixon vote matter experts say closest election since agree join bush e train forward e mail friends colleagues click link enter e mail http www georgewbush com bn asp pagemode frontpagesignup goal e mail addresses spread word get vote part history get bush e train join become one largest grassroots movements ever make difference receive e mail nov says president elect george w bush thanks paid bush cheney inc http www georgewbush com unsubscribe please go http www georgewbush com unsubscribe asp email yolaa earthlink net change e mail address subscription information please go http www georgewbush com mygeorgew asp internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed
"Subject: tage resume submittal  i have no need at this time for external people . thanks for thinking of  berney and me .  regards ,  ed  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ed mcmichael / hou / ect on 11 / 25 / 2000 08 : 47  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : berney c aucoin 11 / 21 / 2000 01 : 15 pm  to : ed mcmichael / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : tage resume submittal  let vince know if you ' re interested in this person .  bern  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by berney c aucoin / hou / ect on 11 / 21 / 2000  01 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  11 / 21 / 2000 11 : 43 am  to : berney c aucoin / hou / ect @ ect , wanda curry / hou / ees @ ees  cc :  subject : tage resume submittal  please , take a look at the lst resume and let me know  what you think ( shelly wood ) .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 21 / 2000  11 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" pj "" on 11 / 15 / 2000 01 : 58 : 46 pm  to : "" vince j kaminski ""  cc :  subject : tage resume submittal  vince ,  two candidates for your review . please call me .  ?  paul johnson , cpc  president  ( 281 ) 497 - 8595  ?  please visit our website  ? www . austingrp . com  - wood , shelly . doc  - jpbresume 2 . doc",0,tage resume submittal need time external people thanks thinking berney regards ed forwarded ed mcmichael hou ect pm berney c aucoin pm ed mcmichael hou ect ect cc subject tage resume submittal let vince know interested person bern forwarded berney c aucoin hou ect pm vince j kaminski berney c aucoin hou ect ect wanda curry hou ees ees cc subject tage resume submittal please take look lst resume let know think shelly wood vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pj pm vince j kaminski cc subject tage resume submittal vince two candidates review please call paul johnson cpc president please visit website www austingrp com wood shelly doc jpbresume doc
"Subject: re : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001  vince :  are you just speaking at the one in houston ?  vince j kaminski  05 / 01 / 2001 04 : 45 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001  04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" joanna vidal "" on 05 / 01 / 2001 03 : 43 : 11 pm  to : , "" geman helyette "" ,  , , ,  , ,  cc :  subject : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001  hello speakers !  ?  my name is joanna vidal and i am the coordinator for the financial  mathematics training course being in held on the following dates :  ?  london on june 28 & 29  new york on july 9 & 10  houston on july 16 & 17 ?  ?  i am in the process of preparing the speaker packs which will include an  updated contact information sheet with ? all your details . ? you will receive  this pack shortly after you confirm your addresses . ? i will list them below  and i ask that you please look it over and make any necessary corrections . ?  ?  ? my contact details , for your information are :  ?  joanna vidal  events coordinator  risk waters group  t : ( 212 ) 925 1864 ext . 197  f : ( 212 ) 925 7585  jvidal @ riskwaters . com  www . riskwaters . com  ?  thank you and i look forward to working with you .  ?  duane seppi  carnegie mellon university  graduate school of industrial administrations  pittsburgh , pa 15213 - 3890  t : 001 412 - 268 - 2298  f : 001 412 - 269 - 8896  ?  helyette geman  universite de paris dauphine  finance department au de ka grand ecole  corgy pontois , paris  france 95021  t : 00 33 60 - 807 - 4200  ?  vincent kaminski  enron credit  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  t : 001 713 - 853 - 3848  f : 001 713 - 646 - 2503  ?  peter nance  teknecon , inc .  1515 s . capital of texas highway  suite 101  austin , tx 78746  t : 001 512 - 732 - 7084  f : 001 512 - 732 - 7099  ?  chris harris  innogy holdings place  windmill hill business park  whitehill way  swindon , wiltshire  uk , 5 n 5 6 pb  t : 44 793 387 - 7777  f : 44 793 389 - 7811  ?  spyros maragos  dynergy , inc .  1000 louisiana street  suite 5800  houston , tx 77002  t : 011 713 - 507 - 6589  f : 001 713 - 767 - 5958  ?  ehud ronn  university of texas at austin  department of finance  mccombs school of business  austin , tx 78712 - 1179  t : 001 512 - 471 - 5853  f : 001 512 - 471 - 5073  ?  ?  ?",0,london new york houston financial mathematics june july vince speaking one houston vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject london new york houston financial mathematics june july fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm joanna vidal pm geman helyette cc subject london new york houston financial mathematics june july hello speakers name joanna vidal coordinator financial mathematics training course held following dates london june new york july houston july process preparing speaker packs include updated contact information sheet details receive pack shortly confirm addresses list ask please look make necessary corrections contact details information joanna vidal events coordinator risk waters group ext f jvidal riskwaters com www riskwaters com thank look forward working duane seppi carnegie mellon university graduate school industrial administrations pittsburgh pa f helyette geman universite de paris dauphine finance department au de ka grand ecole corgy pontois paris france vincent kaminski enron credit smith street room ebl houston tx f peter nance teknecon inc capital texas highway suite austin tx f chris harris innogy holdings place windmill hill business park whitehill way swindon wiltshire uk n pb f spyros maragos dynergy inc louisiana street suite houston tx f ehud ronn university texas austin department finance mccombs school business austin tx f
"Subject: here is the money we owe you  dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . mortgage - newx . net / index 2 . php ? refid = malwe look foward to hearing from you . thank you , heather grant , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > http : / / www . mortgage - newx . net / r . php",1,money owe dear applicant review upon receiving application current mortgage qualifies rate new monthly payment low month loan please confirm information order us finalize loan may also apply new one complete final steps visiting http www mortgage newx net index php refid malwe look foward hearing thank heather grant account managerlpc associates llc interested http www mortgage newx net r php
"Subject: re : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi iris  we started off with about 105 companies , which were enron europe ' s uk power  and gas desk counterparties . i ' m not sure where you got the figure of 500  from - maybe this is the entire enron europe counterparty list , which  constitutes the next major effort for end - july .  from this list of 104 , only the 72 in the spreadsheet had information in  amadeus . the other firms had no information available , most likely because  they were too new .  ben  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 17 / 04 / 2001 19 : 37 cdt  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , mike  mumford / lon / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi again ,  thanks for the financial data on enron ' s european counterparties .  it is my understanding that you started out with a list of 500 such  counterparties . however , your spreadsheet only contains information for 72  of these european counterparties .  will you please tell me the logic behind the elimination of the 400 + other  counterparties ?  thanks so much ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : parsons , ben  sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 2 : 56 am  to : mack , iris  cc : valnek , tomas ; dhar , amitava ; mumford , mike  subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi iris  the inputs and outputs generated by riskcalc can be seen in the attached file :  >  we only looked at the 5 - yr pd .  inputs are in columns a - u . these are the inputs generated by amadeus . you can  run these inputs through the riskcalc model over the web  ( http : / / www . moodysqra . com / privfirm ) using the login : dupred , password :  detective . this is our trial licence which lasts for about 2 more weeks ( mike  mumford will have more details about the current licence )  tomas valnek was getting the data from the amadeus database , so i ' ll leave it  to him to determine if houston access is possible . in the meantime you can  use the dataset attached for testing purposes .  ben  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 12 / 04 / 2001 17 : 58 cdt  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron  subject : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi ben ,  how are you ? today we had a meeting with craig chaney and jeff kinneman to  discuss the private firm model .  they requested that i spend some time carefully analyzing the moody ' s  riskcalc model . i noticed that you also have been looking at riskcalc - as  indicated in your paper entitled "" pricing parent companies and their  subsidiaries : model description and data requirements ""  other than the example discussed in your paper , did generate any other test  statistics , scores , etc .  also , you stated that you used amadeus database . we are in the process of  trying to obtain data from various data vendors - but that may take a while .  in the mean time , may we have access to the amadeus database or some sample  dataset ?  thanks so much ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : valnek , tomas  sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 9 : 10 am  to : fiala , markus ; seyfried , bryan ; salmon , scott ; kirkpatrick , eric ;  mumford , mike ; fontaine , jean - sebastien ; brooks , simon ; price , nigel ;  diprose , robert ; rezaeian , reza ; gordon , mike ; lee , derek ; hershkovitz , ilan ;  golden , sally ; stephan , nicholas ; albanis , george ; shanbhogue , vasant ; mack ,  iris  cc : parsons , ben  subject : parent - subsidary model  attached is a description of the parent - subsidiary model that ben and i have  been working on over the last few weeks .  comments welcome !  tv  >",0,fw parent subsidary model hi iris started companies enron europe uk power gas desk counterparties sure got figure maybe entire enron europe counterparty list constitutes next major effort end july list spreadsheet information amadeus firms information available likely new ben iris mack enron enronxgate cdt ben parsons lon ect ect cc tomas valnek lon ect ect amitava dhar corp enron enron mike mumford lon ect ect vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fw parent subsidary model hi thanks financial data enron european counterparties understanding started list counterparties however spreadsheet contains information european counterparties please tell logic behind elimination counterparties thanks much iris original message parsons ben sent tuesday april mack iris cc valnek tomas dhar amitava mumford mike subject fw parent subsidary model hi iris inputs outputs generated riskcalc seen attached file looked yr pd inputs columns u inputs generated amadeus run inputs riskcalc model web http www moodysqra com privfirm using login dupred password detective trial licence lasts weeks mike mumford details current licence tomas valnek getting data amadeus database leave determine houston access possible meantime use dataset attached testing purposes ben iris mack enron enronxgate cdt ben parsons lon ect ect cc amitava dhar corp enron enron subject fw parent subsidary model hi ben today meeting craig chaney jeff kinneman discuss private firm model requested spend time carefully analyzing moody riskcalc model noticed also looking riskcalc indicated paper entitled pricing parent companies subsidiaries model description data requirements example discussed paper generate test statistics scores etc also stated used amadeus database process trying obtain data various data vendors may take mean time may access amadeus database sample dataset thanks much iris original message valnek tomas sent tuesday april fiala markus seyfried bryan salmon scott kirkpatrick eric mumford mike fontaine jean sebastien brooks simon price nigel diprose robert rezaeian reza gordon mike lee derek hershkovitz ilan golden sally stephan nicholas albanis george shanbhogue vasant mack iris cc parsons ben subject parent subsidary model attached description parent subsidiary model ben working last weeks comments welcome tv
"Subject: sevil yaman  hi norma ,  sevil ' s primary project has been the generation bidding analysis for the  east power desk . she worked closely with the power fundamentals group and  the it group in collecting and organizing the data , and then developing the  analysis . sha has focused on the pjm area and plans to expand the analysis  to other regions in the east .  sevil has also investigated the issue of risk premia in power prices  compared to marginal cost .  vasant",0,sevil yaman hi norma sevil primary project generation bidding analysis east power desk worked closely power fundamentals group group collecting organizing data developing analysis sha focused pjm area plans expand analysis regions east sevil also investigated issue risk premia power prices compared marginal cost vasant
"Subject: addition to enron - summer internships  vince :  please include ram vittal to the summer internship list , if you have not  already done so .  according to my count , that make a total of 8 students from the enron tiger  team who have a desire to work with enron .  thanks ,  donna  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vittal , maheshram [ mailto : mvittal @ wharton . upenn . edu ]  sent : friday , february 02 , 2001 10 : 17 pm  to : ' fap '  subject : re : call from enron  donna :  i had submitted my resume directly to their recruiting office and haven ' t  heard from them . i would be very willing to reforward my resume , if  required .  thanks ,  ram",0,addition enron summer internships vince please include ram vittal summer internship list already done according count make total students enron tiger team desire work enron thanks donna original message vittal maheshram mailto mvittal wharton upenn edu sent friday february pm fap subject call enron donna submitted resume directly recruiting office heard would willing reforward resume required thanks ram
"Subject: hiring aram at a vp level  rick ,  i want to bring aram sogomonian back to enron at s vp level .  according to new human resources procedures this decision requires  a support of three senior executives .  i want to ask you to express your opinion on aram ( based on a phone interview  or just on your past interactions with him ) . you can send a reply to norma  villarreal at h / r .  thanks .  vince",0,hiring aram vp level rick want bring aram sogomonian back enron vp level according new human resources procedures decision requires support three senior executives want ask express opinion aram based phone interview past interactions send reply norma villarreal h r thanks vince
"Subject: industry forum # 136  the industry forum  minute man ii  160 lbs . light - requires no electricity - under $ 6000 complete ! now everybody can be a foamer !  small , one time project ? froth - pak is the answer ! smallest self - contained out - of - box foam application for repairs and small jobs ! also available : insta - stick , tilebond , roofpak and more !  get your copy of the industry catalog ! most complete reference for our industry !  click on the picture above to learn more about the equipment !  the industry forum issue # 136  10341 forum members  # 136 - 1 : dik m , pa  it would be much more useful to the industry , if spfa would help find a "" code conforming "" fire barrier for attics , crawl spaces etc . , than lecture on fast and loose applications of code . something about 30 cents ( a bd . ft . ) installed , meeting all codes and spray applied . many companies we talk to have a product that appears to be perfect but they haven ' t spent the money to test over foam . maybe a small committee could do a evaluation of various products , report results to spfa , who in turn will "" acquire funding "" from us .  # 136 - 2 william b , australia  we are in australia but we are finding it hard to locate polyurea sprayers here so that we can start a chapter of the pda do u have any list of australian contractors / suppliers ? ? ? ? or maybe they can put their hand up and lets us know at enviroline @ powerup . com . au , it isfor the betterof the game that an association is need to inform clients and specifiers of the uses and properties of polyureas and train its own members , also to keep cowboys out that give the industry a bad name  # 136 - 3 ed m .  i am a writer for aviation magazines and one that i write for is a test international , a new publication that just launched this month . i need any new processes you might have that would be used on aircraft , particularly commercial aviation .  # 136 - 4 john c , louisiana  i have a foam cat 2000 graco machine and a probler gun with a 01 tip . i use this setup to spray truck bed liners . my question is can i and how do i spray foam insulation using my equipment ? and what are the different types of insulation ?  # 136 - 5 murph mahaffey , glas - craft  i like the new look of the industry forum !  # 136 - 6 mark w , south carolina  i ' m sick of all this garbage about covering foam with a "" thermal barrier "" . what the hell do you think foam is ? if you are saying that anything that can be forced to burn should be covered with a fireproof barrier , then you ' d better get busy covering all those trusses and joists and plywood up there that are definitely not carrying a class one fire rating . this double standard for foam is coming directly from those who stand to lose business from it . icynene is different . it doesn ' t burn alone . it doesn ' t melt . it doesn ' t emit phosgene . does it smoke in a fire situation ? sure , so what ?  blaming foam in the attic for a house fire because it forces the foam to eventually burn is about as stupid as blaming foam seat cushions for burning when a gas tank ruptures and burns up a car . get real , inspectors . you want us to cover up the only thing in the attic assembly that doesn ' t burn !  as for the vaunted r rating system , it is totally bogus . the test is designed to make porous insulations appear to perform better than they actually do . measuring only conduction and ignoring convection and radiant to convective transfer , the test should have been thrown out for the industry lackey it is 20 years ago , along with that obsolete fiberglassgarbage they ' re still selling everybody . there ' s a reason they don ' t make refrigerators , freezers coolers coffee cups out of fiberglass or cellulose . think about it .  # 136 - 7 dirk benthien , forum moderator  thank you , mark and dik , for your statements above . i also feel that far too often individuals and companies are too complacent and quietly live with rules and regulations without trying to change them - even if everybody knows they do not make sense . we are all experts and representatives of this industry and should speak up and promote change !  # 136 - 8 martin s , canada  does anyone make a dispensing machine for crumb rubber / urethane blends ?  # 136 - 9 carole l , california re # 135 - 8 otto v , germany  what are the answers ? ( phase - out of 141 b )  # 136 - 10 brian d , canada  there has been a lot of talk about ceramic coatings . we are a distributor of such a coating . we have never professed an r - 20 . reason = is there isn ' t an astm test available to measure coatings for r - value . we compare standardized insulation to ceramic coatings via btu loss calculations . depending on the criteria we can equal 2 to 3 inches of standard insulation with an aluminum jacket . we have the data and the projects to prove it .  # 136 - 11 cpi  we have inquiries from a number of people for used equipment - especially gusmer h 20 / 35 , h 2000 , h 2 , gx - 7 and glas - craft probler . please contact 805 - 552 - 9128 . + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +  end of messages .  this forum welcomes anyone interested in the processing of single - or plural - component materials such as polyurethane , polyurea , coatings , epoxies , and other spray - applied materials .  the industry forum . a free eservice from  to ask or answer a question , or to contribute anything , simply send an e - mail to forum @ cpillc . com  used gusmer h 20 / 35 and probler gun for sale ! 805 - 552 - 9128  your privacy is protected ! please read the policies and rules at cpillc . com .  show your name here ! become a sponsor ! call 805 - 552 - 9128 or send an email to cpi .  read this and previous forum issues all on one page . it will only work if you are connected to the internet ! click here to go to cpillc . com / forumdiscussion . htm .  visit cpi , llc on the web . click http : / / www . cpillc . com /  cpi is authorized distributor for all leading manufacturers in this industry including gusmer , glas - craft , graco , resin technology , dynasolve .  cpi ' s customers enjoy impartial advice , full service , life - long free phone support , training and set - up with all new system at a very fair price !  shop our online warehouse 24 / 7 most efficient procurement anywhere ! www . cpillc . com / warehouse . htm  job marketspray jobs  did we miss someone ? feel free to submit any number of e - mail addresses of coworkers and friends to be included here . again , this service is free for all ! help grow our forum !  we ' re cpi . we make it work !  call us toll - free 877 - cpi - 2100805 - 552 - 9128  copyright ( c ) 2000 , 2001 , 2002 cpi , llc . all rights reserved . disclaimers and limitations of liabilities posted at cpillc . comthis free eservice is made possible by cpi . please visit their web site at www . cpillc . com or call toll - free 877 - 274 - 2600 or 805 - 552 - 9128 . if you wish to unsubscribe , please hit the reply button - subject = remove . please allow 3 days to take effect . ",1,industry forum industry forum minute man ii lbs light requires electricity complete everybody foamer small one time project froth pak answer smallest self contained box foam application repairs small jobs also available insta stick tilebond roofpak get copy industry catalog complete reference industry click picture learn equipment industry forum issue forum members dik pa would much useful industry spfa would help find code conforming fire barrier attics crawl spaces etc lecture fast loose applications code something cents bd ft installed meeting codes spray applied many companies talk product appears perfect spent money test foam maybe small committee could evaluation various products report results spfa turn acquire funding us william b australia australia finding hard locate polyurea sprayers start chapter pda u list australian contractors suppliers maybe put hand lets us know enviroline powerup com au isfor betterof game association need inform clients specifiers uses properties polyureas train members also keep cowboys give industry bad name ed writer aviation magazines one write test international new publication launched month need new processes might would used aircraft particularly commercial aviation john c louisiana foam cat graco machine probler gun tip use setup spray truck bed liners question spray foam insulation using equipment different types insulation murph mahaffey glas craft like new look industry forum mark w south carolina sick garbage covering foam thermal barrier hell think foam saying anything forced burn covered fireproof barrier better get busy covering trusses joists plywood definitely carrying class one fire rating double standard foam coming directly stand lose business icynene different burn alone melt emit phosgene smoke fire situation sure blaming foam attic house fire forces foam eventually burn stupid blaming foam seat cushions burning gas tank ruptures burns car get real inspectors want us cover thing attic assembly burn vaunted r rating system totally bogus test designed make porous insulations appear perform better actually measuring conduction ignoring convection radiant convective transfer test thrown industry lackey years ago along obsolete fiberglassgarbage still selling everybody reason make refrigerators freezers coolers coffee cups fiberglass cellulose think dirk benthien forum moderator thank mark dik statements also feel far often individuals companies complacent quietly live rules regulations without trying change even everybody knows make sense experts representatives industry speak promote change martin canada anyone make dispensing machine crumb rubber urethane blends carole l california otto v germany answers phase b brian canada lot talk ceramic coatings distributor coating never professed r reason astm test available measure coatings r value compare standardized insulation ceramic coatings via btu loss calculations depending criteria equal inches standard insulation aluminum jacket data projects prove cpi inquiries number people used equipment especially gusmer h h h gx glas craft probler please contact end messages forum welcomes anyone interested processing single plural component materials polyurethane polyurea coatings epoxies spray applied materials industry forum free eservice ask answer question contribute anything simply send e mail forum cpillc com used gusmer h probler gun sale privacy protected please read policies rules cpillc com show name become sponsor call send email cpi read previous forum issues one page work connected internet click go cpillc com forumdiscussion htm visit cpi llc web click http www cpillc com cpi authorized distributor leading manufacturers industry including gusmer glas craft graco resin technology dynasolve cpi customers enjoy impartial advice full service life long free phone support training set new system fair price shop online warehouse efficient procurement anywhere www cpillc com warehouse htm job marketspray jobs miss someone feel free submit number e mail addresses coworkers friends included service free help grow forum cpi make work call us toll free cpi copyright c cpi llc rights reserved disclaimers limitations liabilities posted cpillc comthis free eservice made possible cpi please visit web site www cpillc com call toll free wish unsubscribe please hit reply button subject remove please allow days take effect
"Subject: re : london contact number  hi anita ,  how are you ? i arrived yesterday late morning from the london gatwick airport . due to rush hour traffic , etc . it took a while to get into the city to the hotel .  also , due to may day ( may lst ) protests / riots , etc . , the hotel management strongly recommended that we remain in the hotel .  however , i am in the office today . i can be reached via email or via telephone at 44 ( 0 ) 207 783 5647 .  take care ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : dupont , anita  sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 5 : 23 pm  to : mmumford @ enron . com  cc : mack , iris ; crenshaw , shirley  subject : i . m . mack 30 apr - 15 may * * plse review for accuracy * * agent ce / ce booking ref x 7 w 882 mack / iris eb 1972 enron corp  importance : high  see iris ' s itinerary below . i thought her initial plan was to land this morning and come in to enron house in early afternoon . see itinerary for phone number of hotel . let me know if i can help in any  other way . thanks . anita  service date from to depart arrive  continental airlines 30 apr houston tx london gatwick 350 p 655 a  co 34 j mon g . bush iah gatwick 01 may  terminal dom terminal s  dinner / snack non stop  reservation confirmed 9 : 05 duration  vegetarian meal , non - dairy confirmed  aircraft : boeing 777 - 200 / 300  hotel 30 apr athenaeum hotel and apartments  11 may 116 piccadilly  london england , wlv obj  united kingdom  telephone : 44 - ( 0 ) - 207 - 499 - 3464  fax : 44 - ( 0 ) - 207 - 493 - 1860  confirmation : claire 25 apr  rate : rac gbp 270 . 00 per night  guarantee given  prereg actual arr lmay 655 am apartment  to avoid billing cancel by 6 pm 24 hrs prior  continental airlines 11 may london gatwick houston tx 1200 n 415 p  co 5 j fri gatwick g . bush iah  terminal s terminal dom  lunch / snack non stop  reservation confirmed 10 : 15 duration  vegetarian meal , non - dairy confirmed  aircraft : boeing 777 - 200 / 300",0,london contact number hi anita arrived yesterday late morning london gatwick airport due rush hour traffic etc took get city hotel also due may day may lst protests riots etc hotel management strongly recommended remain hotel however office today reached via email via telephone take care iris original message dupont anita sent tuesday may pm mmumford enron com cc mack iris crenshaw shirley subject mack apr may plse review accuracy agent ce ce booking ref x w mack iris eb enron corp importance high see iris itinerary thought initial plan land morning come enron house early afternoon see itinerary phone number hotel let know help way thanks anita service date depart arrive continental airlines apr houston tx london gatwick p co j mon g bush iah gatwick may terminal dom terminal dinner snack non stop reservation confirmed duration vegetarian meal non dairy confirmed aircraft boeing hotel apr athenaeum hotel apartments may piccadilly london england wlv obj united kingdom telephone fax confirmation claire apr rate rac gbp per night guarantee given prereg actual arr lmay apartment avoid billing cancel pm hrs prior continental airlines may london gatwick houston tx n p co j fri gatwick g bush iah terminal terminal dom lunch snack non stop reservation confirmed duration vegetarian meal non dairy confirmed aircraft boeing
"Subject: issue 4  - http : / / www . financewise . com / risk  riskbrief issue 4  from financewise : the only dedicated financial search engine  22 march 2000  dear riskbrief subscribers  the fourth edition is here , and this month ' s theme is weather .  weather derivatives is increasingly a hot topic on the web at the  moment . four sites have been launched in the last three months ,  including tradeweather . com , weather - risk . com and . com .  along with the weather trading site from liffe ( i - wex . com ) ,  launched in january , and the introduction last september of  weather futures on the chicago mercantile exchange ( cme ) , there is  something of a rush on .  to provide you with an online resource to weather risk , we have  an introductory guide , two site reviews , 22 articles and an  exclusive book offer .  http : / / www . tradeweather . com ( see site reviews )  http : / / www . weather - risk . com ( see site reviews )  http : / / www . . com  http : / / www . i - wex . com  http : / / www . cme . com / news / weather 921 . html  how fast will the weather derivatives market grow ? will there be  enough liquidity ? let us know what you think .  in the meantime , please enjoy the rest of this month ' s issue ,  with 14 articles on currency trading , e - trading , and news of conferences ,  jobs and more .  regards  rob minto  producer , financewise  rminto @ risk . co . uk  before you forget , why not forward this e - mail to a  colleague / friend now , who might find our coverage of  risk management on the web a useful resource ?  contents :  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  > > weather risk guide  > > site reviews  > > articles and features : weather risk , e - trading , currency trading  > > new # 1 site  > > book special offer : insurance and weather risk  > > conferences & training  > > new jobs  please view the newsletter online and get the full story :  this month ' s sponsor :  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  credit :  the new forum for international credit markets .  with its mix of news , features , data and technical articles ,  credit magazine is a vital source of information for all investors ,  issuers and market professionals operating in the global  credit markets .  subscribe before april to claim a 40 % discount  http : / / www . creditmag . com  weather risk guides :  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  introduction to weather derivatives from the cme . a market history ,  plus a discussion of pricing and analyzing weather contracts .  an overview article from james roemer of the weatherrisk institute .  bob dischel ' s site on weather derivatives , with articles , links and  seminar details .  http : / / www . wxpx . com  for further links to weather derivatives online see the html version :  site reviews :  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  who is doing what on the web ? a double helping of site reviews this month :  - new bond trading site from jp morgan bear stearns , chase  manhattan and moneyline  - weather derivatives trading & info : enron ' s weather - risk . com  & tradeweather . com  - foreign - exchange trading from financial market solutions  - the french tr , sor site covering sovereign bond issues  - algorithmic ' s risk management methodology - ' mark - to - future '  - rent applications and analytical tools from cygnifi , a new web  offering from jp morgan , bridge & sybase  - revamped inventure . com site - provider of data & analytics  - keep up to date on new - issue markets with s & p ' s new site  articles & features :  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  14 new articles and features have been added to the financewise  risk management special report . the new supplements are :  - electronic trading  - currency risk  continuing our theme of weather , we also have two editions of  weather risk . these 22 articles include glossaries and technical  articles on data and forecasting , options pricing , emissions  trading and weather - linked bonds .  # 1 site  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  the new # 1 site on financewise is the picture of risk site  from risk metrics , displacing finmath . com ( triple # 1 award winner )  as the most visited site in february . click below to view the  latest rankings  http : / / www . financewise . com / rankings  book special offer : exclusive  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  and completing our weather coverage for this month , there is a  10 % discount available exclusive to riskbrief subscribers on :  "" insurance and weather derivatives  from exotic options to exotic underlyings ""  for further details and information see :  there are other special offers available on the risk books site :  http : / / www . riskbooks . com  conferences & training  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  full details are now online for risk 2000 . risk ' s 6 th annual us  derivatives and risk management congress will be held in boston  on june 13 & 14 . keynote speakers : myron scholes and jeffrey skilling .  jobs  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  this month , the search term "" jobs "" has moved up to 5 th position in the  financewise rankings .  http : / / www . financewise . com / rankings  if you were one of those searching for "" jobs "" , don ' t forget our own  job search section . it currently holds 46 treasury and risk management , a  record 29 additions since the last brief .  visit the job search and select the job category  "" finance : treasury and risk mgmt "" .  http : / / www . financewise . com / jobs  * * *  also :  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  please e - mail us if there is anything you would like to see  in this newsletter , or any questions that you would like  addressed . riskbrief now reaches over 1200 subscribers  worldwide . so if you have something interesting to say , or  an opinion to share with all your fellow subscribers send  your comments to :  rminto @ risk . co . uk  p . s . also suggest sites for us to review / index  if this has been forwarded to you , please subscribe to  receive your own copy at :  are you registered with financewise ? if not , please click :  http : / / www . financewise . com  you will then have the full functionality of the site .  if you have any problems with this newsletter , please  contact me :  rminto @ risk . co . uk  to unsubscribe , write to financewise - unsubscribe @ listbot . com  to unsubscribe , write to financewise - unsubscribe @ listbot . com",0,issue http www financewise com risk riskbrief issue financewise dedicated financial search engine march dear riskbrief subscribers fourth edition month theme weather weather derivatives increasingly hot topic web moment four sites launched last three months including tradeweather com weather risk com com along weather trading site liffe wex com launched january introduction last september weather futures chicago mercantile exchange cme something rush provide online resource weather risk introductory guide two site reviews articles exclusive book offer http www tradeweather com see site reviews http www weather risk com see site reviews http www com http www wex com http www cme com news weather html fast weather derivatives market grow enough liquidity let us know think meantime please enjoy rest month issue articles currency trading e trading news conferences jobs regards rob minto producer financewise rminto risk co uk forget forward e mail colleague friend might find coverage risk management web useful resource contents weather risk guide site reviews articles features weather risk e trading currency trading new site book special offer insurance weather risk conferences training new jobs please view newsletter online get full story month sponsor credit new forum international credit markets mix news features data technical articles credit magazine vital source information investors issuers market professionals operating global credit markets subscribe april claim discount http www creditmag com weather risk guides introduction weather derivatives cme market history plus discussion pricing analyzing weather contracts overview article james roemer weatherrisk institute bob dischel site weather derivatives articles links seminar details http www wxpx com links weather derivatives online see html version site reviews web double helping site reviews month new bond trading site jp morgan bear stearns chase manhattan moneyline weather derivatives trading info enron weather risk com tradeweather com foreign exchange trading financial market solutions french tr sor site covering sovereign bond issues algorithmic risk management methodology mark future rent applications analytical tools cygnifi new web offering jp morgan bridge sybase revamped inventure com site provider data analytics keep date new issue markets p new site articles features new articles features added financewise risk management special report new supplements electronic trading currency risk continuing theme weather also two editions weather risk articles include glossaries technical articles data forecasting options pricing emissions trading weather linked bonds site new site financewise picture risk site risk metrics displacing finmath com triple award winner visited site february click view latest rankings http www financewise com rankings book special offer exclusive completing weather coverage month discount available exclusive riskbrief subscribers insurance weather derivatives exotic options exotic underlyings details information see special offers available risk books site http www riskbooks com conferences training full details online risk risk th annual us derivatives risk management congress held boston june keynote speakers myron scholes jeffrey skilling jobs month search term jobs moved th position financewise rankings http www financewise com rankings one searching jobs forget job search section currently holds treasury risk management record additions since last brief visit job search select job category finance treasury risk mgmt http www financewise com jobs also please e mail us anything would like see newsletter questions would like addressed riskbrief reaches subscribers worldwide something interesting say opinion share fellow subscribers send comments rminto risk co uk p also suggest sites us review index forwarded please subscribe receive copy registered financewise please click http www financewise com full functionality site problems newsletter please contact rminto risk co uk unsubscribe write financewise unsubscribe listbot com unsubscribe write financewise unsubscribe listbot com
"Subject: re : hello  vince  thank you for the update . i will be back in the office january 8 .  have a great new year  gerry  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : thursday , december 21 , 2000 5 : 35 pm  to : gsheble @ iastate . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : hello  gerry ,  let me review my calendar in the beginning of the next year and i shall  e - mail you  with a suggested date . my assistant will update my schedule for 2001 in the  first week  of january and i shall be able to select a date for ypur presentaton .  vince kaminski  "" sheble , g . b . "" on 12 / 21 / 2000 10 : 43 : 50 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : hello  dear mr . kaminski  please excuse the cancellation due to illness . the students do not care  who  they infect near the end of the semester , they just want to get done !  here is my available schedule for next year . i am now overloaded next week  with tasks to complete the semester . i do hope that we can reschedule  during the first quarter next year .  i would note that my schedule is most free for thursday or friday . i could  fly out late wednesday night .  cordially ,  gerry  teaching schedule  m 11 - 12  t and r 10 - 12 and 2 - 4  t 12 - 2 ep & es seminar  m 6 - 8  t 6 - 8  w 6 - 8  ( r = thursday )  workshops :  jan 12 - 13 des moines  jan 26 - 27 des moines  feb 9 - 10 des moines  ieee wpm conference  feb 28 - 31 columbus , ohio",0,hello vince thank update back office january great new year gerry original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent thursday december pm gsheble iastate edu cc vince j kaminski enron com subject hello gerry let review calendar beginning next year shall e mail suggested date assistant update schedule first week january shall able select date ypur presentaton vince kaminski sheble g b vince j kaminski enron com cc subject hello dear mr kaminski please excuse cancellation due illness students care infect near end semester want get done available schedule next year overloaded next week tasks complete semester hope reschedule first quarter next year would note schedule free thursday friday could fly late wednesday night cordially gerry teaching schedule r ep es seminar w r thursday workshops jan des moines jan des moines feb des moines ieee wpm conference feb columbus ohio
"Subject: re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  i think he can do it , vince , but ut has asked him to speak at a leadership  conference also on 2 / 16 , which rick causey is encouraging him to do . he has  all the information ( i just sent it home in his mail as he returned this  afternoon from a week of travel ) , so will press him to make a decision  tomorrow . he may decide to do both or one or the other . . . i ' ll let you know  as soon as i do . srs  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 12 / 2000 04 : 57 pm  to : sherri sera / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  sherri ,  any resolution of the scheduling conflict jeff skilling had for february the  22 nd ?  our friends at ut are ready to make the reservations and send out invitations  to this conference  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 12 / 2000  05 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 10 / 12 / 2000 10 : 12 : 56 am  to : richard . causey @ enron . com , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  rick / vince :  good morning .  further to my discussions with vince during his visit to the energy finance  program yesterday , i write at this time to inquire whether mr . skilling ' s  assistant has been able to confirm his participation as 2 / 22 / 2001 keynote  speaker at our conference .  with thanks for your intercession on our behalf ,  ehud ronn  ehud i . ronn  professor of finance and jack s . josey professor in energy studies  director , center for energy finance education and research  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,spring conference participation jeffrey k skilling think vince ut asked speak leadership conference also rick causey encouraging information sent home mail returned afternoon week travel press make decision tomorrow may decide one let know soon srs vince j kaminski ect pm sherri sera corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect richard causey corp enron enron subject spring conference participation jeffrey k skilling sherri resolution scheduling conflict jeff skilling february nd friends ut ready make reservations send invitations conference vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm ehud ronn richard causey enron com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject spring conference participation jeffrey k skilling rick vince good morning discussions vince visit energy finance program yesterday write time inquire whether mr skilling assistant able confirm participation keynote speaker conference thanks intercession behalf ehud ronn ehud ronn professor finance jack josey professor energy studies director center energy finance education research mccombs school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: re : visit to houston and vince kaminski ' s research group  shijie ,  we would like you to meet tomorrow morning , starting at 9 : 00 , with a few  members of the  group . around 11 : 15 we shall go to lunch ( myself , stinson gibner and zimin  lu ) .  at 1 : 00 we would like you to make a presentation to the research group on the  topic  of your choice . after 2 : 30 we shall continue with individual meetings .  we shall give you an agenda with the names and times when you arrive .  you can come to the lobby of the enron building ( 1400 smith )  between 8 : 30 and 9 : 00 and call me ( 3 - 3848 ) or my assistant ,  shirley crenshaw ( 3 - 5290 ) , to be admitted to the building .  we are on the 19 th floor .  look forward to meeting you .  vince kaminski  shijie deng on 07 / 27 / 2000 10 : 10 : 03 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : vince kaminski  subject : re : visit to houston and vince kaminski ' s research group  hi shirley ,  an overhead would be good . thanks .  btw , is there happen to be an agenda for my visit ? thank you .  shijie  shi - jie deng  assistant professor  school of isye  georgia institute of technology  office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519  e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng  on fri , 7 jul 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote :  >  > shijie :  >  > thanks for the information .  >  > please let me know if you need av equipment , i . e . , lcd projector , overhead  > projector , etc .  >  > thanks !  >  > shirley  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  > shijie deng on 07 / 03 / 2000 11 : 40 : 05 am  >  > to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  > cc : vince kaminski  > subject : re : visit to houston and vince kaminski ' s research group  >  >  >  > shirley ,  >  > i just booked my flights and the hotel . i ' ll be arriving houston on  > the evening of 7 / 27 and leaving on 7 / 29 . i ' ll stay at the doubletree  > houston allen center for two nights . looking forward to meeting you at  > enron .  >  > regards ,  >  > shijie  >  > shi - jie deng  > assistant professor  > school of isye  > georgia institute of technology  >  > office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519  > e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  > home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,visit houston vince kaminski research group shijie would like meet tomorrow morning starting members group around shall go lunch stinson gibner zimin lu would like make presentation research group topic choice shall continue individual meetings shall give agenda names times arrive come lobby enron building smith call assistant shirley crenshaw admitted building th floor look forward meeting vince kaminski shijie deng shirley crenshaw enron com cc vince kaminski subject visit houston vince kaminski research group hi shirley overhead would good thanks btw happen agenda visit thank shijie shi jie deng assistant professor school isye georgia institute technology office phone e mail deng isye gatech edu home page http www isye gatech edu deng fri jul shirley crenshaw enron com wrote shijie thanks information please let know need av equipment e lcd projector overhead projector etc thanks shirley shijie deng shirley crenshaw enron com cc vince kaminski subject visit houston vince kaminski research group shirley booked flights hotel arriving houston evening leaving stay doubletree houston allen center two nights looking forward meeting enron regards shijie shi jie deng assistant professor school isye georgia institute technology office phone e mail deng isye gatech edu home page http www isye gatech edu deng
"Subject: presentation on metals  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by leann walton / na / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 10 : 52  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alison sealy on 10 / 09 / 2000 10 : 37 : 40 am  to : mraymon @ enron . com  cc :  subject : presentation on metals  hi maureen ,  it was good to meet you last week and hear your presentation on the metals -  full of advice on what to think about and all the various things that affect  the market place . i am only sorry i had to dash off to the airport - good  job i left when i did though as check - in took ages !  anyway , please could you send me through a copy of that presentation either  on email or if it is located on the network somewhere then i could access it  over the intranet ? i will be joining the lme conference tomorrow so am  currently trying to do a bit of reading in preparation .  thanks very much in advance & look forward to seeing the presentation over  here in london .  kind regards  alison",0,presentation metals forwarded leann walton na enron alison sealy mraymon enron com cc subject presentation metals hi maureen good meet last week hear presentation metals full advice think various things affect market place sorry dash airport good job left though check took ages anyway please could send copy presentation either email located network somewhere could access intranet joining lme conference tomorrow currently trying bit reading preparation thanks much advance look forward seeing presentation london kind regards alison
"Subject: re : our discussion  mike ,  there might be a place for steve in our unit supporting ees . i shall forward  the resume to my associates supporting the facility management  effort .  thanks for thinking about us .  vince  p . s . krishna , osman ,  can you take a look at the attached resume ? steve has no finance background  but his engineering background is very strong .  vince  michael l miller @ enron _ development  02 / 17 / 2000 07 : 52 am  sent by : michael linn miller @ enron _ development  to : vince j kaminski @ ect , stinson gibner @ ect  cc : aspijk @ texas . net  subject : our discussion  vince & stinson ,  i was given your names by lynn dunphy in recruiting and am taking the liberty  of forwarding you the attached cv . steve roeder is a former collegiate  swimmer and currently coach of the master ' s swimming program in the woodlands  ( my wife is president of the program ) . he is also currently employed at air  liquide usa ( or one of its subsidiaries ) over in the galleria area . as a  consequence of air liquide ' s pending merger with boc , steve believes that  there will be significant personnel reductions sometime during 2000 and is  taking action now to try to locate his next professional challenge .  lynn suggested there might be a fit with your group and i would be grateful  if you could have a look and let me know whether you might be interested .  alternatively , if you don ' t see a fit ( or are adequately staffed at the  moment ) , i would be grateful for any suggestions you might have as to whom i  might contact internally on steve ' s behalf .  many thanks in advance .  m . l . miller  vice president - mergers & acquisitions  calme region  ( 713 ) 345 5272  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael linn miller / enron _ development on  02 / 17 / 2000 07 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" roeder , steve "" on 02 / 10 / 2000 03 : 14 : 18 pm  to : "" ' michael . l . miller @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : our discussion  mike -  thanks for taking the time to talk last evening . ? i really appreciated it . ?  ( by the way , how is life in the white house now that you are living with a  president ? ? is air force one all that it is cracked up to be ? )  please see the attached document . ? by reading between the lines , hopefully  one can see that , whereas my training has been highly technical , my desire to  transform my career into the business side of a high - technology application  is set in this good foundation ( rather than limited by it ) .  thanks again for your support .  >  steve roeder  technology manager  air liquide america  713 624 8777  713 624 8350 fax  steve . roeder @ airliquide . com  - steve . doc",0,discussion mike might place steve unit supporting ees shall forward resume associates supporting facility management effort thanks thinking us vince p krishna osman take look attached resume steve finance background engineering background strong vince michael l miller enron development sent michael linn miller enron development vince j kaminski ect stinson gibner ect cc aspijk texas net subject discussion vince stinson given names lynn dunphy recruiting taking liberty forwarding attached cv steve roeder former collegiate swimmer currently coach master swimming program woodlands wife president program also currently employed air liquide usa one subsidiaries galleria area consequence air liquide pending merger boc steve believes significant personnel reductions sometime taking action try locate next professional challenge lynn suggested might fit group would grateful could look let know whether might interested alternatively see fit adequately staffed moment would grateful suggestions might might contact internally steve behalf many thanks advance l miller vice president mergers acquisitions calme region forwarded michael linn miller enron development roeder steve pm michael l miller enron com cc subject discussion mike thanks taking time talk last evening really appreciated way life white house living president air force one cracked please see attached document reading lines hopefully one see whereas training highly technical desire transform career business side high technology application set good foundation rather limited thanks support steve roeder technology manager air liquide america fax steve roeder airliquide com steve doc
"Subject: meeting regarding "" gary hickerson trading ""  hello all :  vince would like to schedule a meeting on tuesday , may 23 at 3 : 00 pm  in conference room ebl 938 . this will be to discuss the subject topic .  please let me know if you are available .  thanks  shirley  3 - 5290",0,meeting regarding gary hickerson trading hello vince would like schedule meeting tuesday may pm conference room ebl discuss subject topic please let know available thanks shirley
"Subject: re : telephone interview with enron corp . research dept .  dear shirley :  confirming that i will be waiting for the telephone interview at 1 pm  tomorrow . ? i would like to give you my cell phone number , 713 / 907 - 6717 , as a  back - up measure . ? please note that my first preference is to receive the call  at my home number , 713 / 669 - 0923 .  sincerely ,  rabi de  ?  ? shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote :  dear rabi :  i have scheduled the telephone interview for 1 : 00 pm on friday , july 7 th .  we will call you at 713 / 669 - 0923 . if there are any changes , please let  me know .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290  rabi deon 06 / 26 / 2000 10 : 37 : 24 pm  to : shirley crenshaw  cc :  subject : re : telephone interview with enron corp . research dept .  dear ms . crenshaw :  thanks for your prompt response . ? july 6 or 7 th will work best for me . . ? i  would prefer to be called at my home number . ? please let me know the  schedule and other details , if any .  sincerely ,  rabi de  ? shirley crenshawwrote :  good afternoon mr . de :  your resume has been forwarded to the enron corp . re ! search dept . and  they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your  convenience .  the interviewers would be :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  grant masson vice president  p . v . krishnarao director  paulo issler manager  please give me some dates and times this week or july 5 , 6 , and 7 th when  you might be available and i will coordinate with the other calendars .  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  do you yahoo ! ?  get yahoo ! mail - free email you can access from anywhere !  do you yahoo ! ?  send instant messages & get email alerts with yahoo ! messenger .",0,telephone interview enron corp research dept dear shirley confirming waiting telephone interview pm tomorrow would like give cell phone number back measure please note first preference receive call home number sincerely rabi de shirley crenshaw enron com wrote dear rabi scheduled telephone interview pm friday july th call changes please let know sincerely shirley crenshaw rabi deon pm shirley crenshaw cc subject telephone interview enron corp research dept dear ms crenshaw thanks prompt response july th work best would prefer called home number please let know schedule details sincerely rabi de shirley crenshawwrote good afternoon mr de resume forwarded enron corp search dept would like conduct telephone interview convenience interviewers would vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president grant masson vice president p v krishnarao director paulo issler manager please give dates times week july th might available coordinate calendars look forward hearing sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research email shirley crenshaw enron com yahoo get yahoo mail free email access anywhere yahoo send instant messages get email alerts yahoo messenger
"Subject: investment  to all whom it may concern :  i keep receiving such unsolicited messages  ( please , see below ) that represent an obvious scam .  is there any way to block out the messages from this source ?  i assume other employees of enron are also being hit .  vince kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 02 / 2001  08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" dagogo kalu "" on 12 / 30 / 2000 02 : 15 : 58 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : investment  from : col . dagogo kalu  tel / fax 448453342783  attn : president / ceo  request for an assistance  dear sir ,  with due respect and knowledge of your good reputation , i decided to contact  you for this matter that need urgent attention . i am col . dagogo kalu . i  was the commandant of the west african peace keeping force & monitoring  group ( ecomog ) until i sustained a very serious injury that put me off the  military camp for about 3 months now . honestly , i have full trust for your  honesty hence i write this letter to you .  during our recent mission to sierra leone , a diamond rich west african  country to cushion the war between the rebels and the ruling government , we  ran into 2 boxes ( consignment ) right inside a thick jungle where we believed  was a hide out of the rebels . as we opened the boxes , one that is smaller  contains numerous sizes of raw diamond . the bigger box contains about us  $ 15 . 2 million , which we believed to be the total amount of diamond sold at  that period of time by the rebels before we invaded the place .  myself and my two other colleagues took the boxes away . i took the bigger  box containing the us $ 15 . 2 million to cotonou benin republic which is the  nearby country and deposited it with one security company for safe keeping  to enable me think wisely on what to do with the money . the smaller box  containing the raw diamond i gave it to my other 2 colleagues , which they  accepted in good faith .  a month after this , the rebels lunched a counter - attack on us where i  sustained a very serious gun shut wound on my right leg . a lot of our boys  died but few survived . at this moment , i am receiving medical treatment  here in london . this is why i need your help urgently .  i need a foreign company i will present as the beneficiary of the huge  amount and also pay in the money into their account . your bank account must  be a good one where we shall not pay much as tax . you shall also serve as  the general overseer and guardian of this fund and all the investment of  this money will be under your care until i recover fully .  i will give you all the details of the transaction immediately i get your  response . you will also get a suitable percentage ( % ) as your share . all  the documents of the deposit of the money are intact with my wife . i have  already finalized this arrangement with the security company so there is no  problem at all .  please you can reach me through my direct tel / fax no : 448453342783 where i  am receiving treatment . in your reply , state clearly your direct telephone  and fax numbers for easy communication and more confidentiality .  further details will be given to you once i hear from you .  i await your urgent response soonest .  best regards ,  col . dagogo kalu  get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com",0,investment may concern keep receiving unsolicited messages please see represent obvious scam way block messages source assume employees enron also hit vince kaminski forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect dagogo kalu vince j kaminski enron com cc subject investment col dagogo kalu tel fax attn president ceo request assistance dear sir due respect knowledge good reputation decided contact matter need urgent attention col dagogo kalu commandant west african peace keeping force monitoring group ecomog sustained serious injury put military camp months honestly full trust honesty hence write letter recent mission sierra leone diamond rich west african country cushion war rebels ruling government ran boxes consignment right inside thick jungle believed hide rebels opened boxes one smaller contains numerous sizes raw diamond bigger box contains us million believed total amount diamond sold period time rebels invaded place two colleagues took boxes away took bigger box containing us million cotonou benin republic nearby country deposited one security company safe keeping enable think wisely money smaller box containing raw diamond gave colleagues accepted good faith month rebels lunched counter attack us sustained serious gun shut wound right leg lot boys died survived moment receiving medical treatment london need help urgently need foreign company present beneficiary huge amount also pay money account bank account must good one shall pay much tax shall also serve general overseer guardian fund investment money care recover fully give details transaction immediately get response also get suitable percentage share documents deposit money intact wife already finalized arrangement security company problem please reach direct tel fax receiving treatment reply state clearly direct telephone fax numbers easy communication confidentiality details given hear await urgent response soonest best regards col dagogo kalu get free download msn explorer http explorer msn com
"Subject: i am interested in buy ad space .  hi i hope all is well , i am interested in buy ad space . we are looking for premier publishers that can deliver high quality us traffic , which is why i have contacted you . all our cpm impression counts are raw , not based off unique , which raises the effective cpm . our ecpm rate is 10 - 1 , no one in the industry can beat that ! for this campaign i have a large budget and i would love to allocate a few thousand dollars for a test campaign . for reporting , we have partnered with zedo , so you will know what you are making in real - time . we work with over 100 publishers and we are looking to schedule a budget for our key players to carry over into 2006 . platinum ad network is always looking for elite publishers . i ' d love to discuss with you further about the synergies our companies might have .  thanks ,  michael mathews  media buyer  platinum ad network  mmathews @ platinumadnetworks . com ",1,interested buy ad space hi hope well interested buy ad space looking premier publishers deliver high quality us traffic contacted cpm impression counts raw based unique raises effective cpm ecpm rate one industry beat campaign large budget would love allocate thousand dollars test campaign reporting partnered zedo know making real time work publishers looking schedule budget key players carry platinum ad network always looking elite publishers love discuss synergies companies might thanks michael mathews media buyer platinum ad network mmathews platinumadnetworks com
"Subject: re : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de , friday ,  august 11 , 2000  i apologize for not putting the date of this interview . for everyone but  tanya and paulo , the interview time is already entered on your calendars for  august 11 , 2000 . again , sorry for the oversite .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 08 / 01 / 2000 09 : 16  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner @ ect  08 / 01 / 2000 09 : 12 am  to : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de  on which day are the interviews ?  anita dupont @ enron  07 / 31 / 2000 03 : 49 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant  masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect ,  paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de  the following interview schedule has been set up for rabi s . de by sean  grady , hr staffing :  9 : 00 - 9 : 30 am vince kaminiski  9 : 30 - 10 : 00 am stinson gibner  10 : 00 - 10 : 30 am grant masson  10 : 30 - 11 : 00 am krishna krishnarao  11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am tanya tamarchenko  11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch with tanya tamarchenko and zimin lu  1 : 00 - 1 : 30 pm zimin lu  1 : 30 - 2 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue  2 : 00 - 2 : 30 pm paulo issler  please call me if you have any questions or if a conflict develops and you  need to change your interview time . thanks . anita",0,interview research dept candidate rabi de friday august apologize putting date interview everyone tanya paulo interview time already entered calendars august sorry oversite forwarded anita dupont na enron stinson gibner ect anita dupont na enron enron cc subject interview research dept candidate rabi de day interviews anita dupont enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect cc subject interview research dept candidate rabi de following interview schedule set rabi de sean grady hr staffing vince kaminiski stinson gibner grant masson krishna krishnarao tanya tamarchenko pm lunch tanya tamarchenko zimin lu pm zimin lu pm vasant shanbhogue pm paulo issler please call questions conflict develops need change interview time thanks anita
"Subject: re : from vicky windsor  vicky ,  please , send me your resume .  i shall forward it to a number of employees of enron in london  with my strongest recommendation . i shall send you the list  of names . the resume will make it easier for me to  identify good targets .  please , make sure you will contact me if there is no reaction .  people here are very busy and , as you know , things fall through the cracks .  vince  vince  "" vicky windsor "" on 10 / 11 / 2000 04 : 49 : 56 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : from vicky windsor  dear vince ,  how are you ? well i hope .  i hope you don  , t mind me writing to you . you may remember that 5 months ago  i left risk publications and moved to a charity . having been here for only a  few months , i have decided that this job is not for me ( i miss the buzz of a  corporate office ) and i have decided to move back into the corporate sector .  because of my previous experience and knowledge of the energy sector , i am  very interested in moving into this area . i have always thought that it  would be great to work for enron because it is such a dynamic company and i  am planning to approach the london office to discuss any opportunities ,  which might be available . i am particularly interested in product marketing  and research , although i am very open - minded at the moment . i wondered  whether you could recommend the right person to speak to in london .  i know that you are incredibly busy , but any help you can give me would be  fantastic vince .  thanks and best regards ,  vicky windsor  get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com .  share information about yourself , create your own public profile at  http : / / profiles . msn . com .",0,vicky windsor vicky please send resume shall forward number employees enron london strongest recommendation shall send list names resume make easier identify good targets please make sure contact reaction people busy know things fall cracks vince vince vicky windsor vkamins enron com cc subject vicky windsor dear vince well hope hope mind writing may remember months ago left risk publications moved charity months decided job miss buzz corporate office decided move back corporate sector previous experience knowledge energy sector interested moving area always thought would great work enron dynamic company planning approach london office discuss opportunities might available particularly interested product marketing research although open minded moment wondered whether could recommend right person speak london know incredibly busy help give would fantastic vince thanks best regards vicky windsor get private free e mail msn hotmail http www hotmail com share information create public profile http profiles msn com
"Subject: the light at the end of tunnel !  hi all ,  after all the hard work , we are at time of harvesting ! but as we all know  that there still a few more hurdles ahead of us in order to release credit  reserve model at end of march , but on the bright side , vince kaminski has  promised us a big feast after we push the product out of door . so let commit  our self to do one last dash to the finish line !  here i composed a list of task that we need to accomplish for the release ,  let hit the items on the list and get it over with  continue the comparison test between old and new model winston  testing of theoretical deals ! finish the comparison between the theoretical  value and model valuation ! tanya t . winston j .  making the default probability table a configurable component and runtime  parameter . winston j . , ramesh g .  simulation dimension change for different analysis requirement , default path  5000 max and price path 1000 max . winston  interface to run the credit reserve in grms system ( for now ) ramesh  run time option , applying stress scenario on input curves for any or all  curves ( sensitivity analysis ) winston  runtime option , curve replacement for any or all curves ( attribution  analysis ) winston  validation of different insurance plan tanya , winston  intra - month position validation to see the impact of excluding of  intra - manoth position on credit reserve vicent tang , ramesh  exchange deals handling ( are they using the highest e - rating ? ) ramesh  saving credit reserve result , please grant winston and xiaojun the privilege  to save the result into production database , ramesh , winston , xiaojun  credit reserve on legal id , based on the data clean up of all spreadsheets (  not scheduled ) !  deployment plan . one credit instance at any time until we get out new  computing server ( probably in april time frame )  this list may be an ever changing list and may also incomplete , please let me  know if i missed anything or any deletions and additions ! please let me know  if anything i can clarify .  thanks !  jonathan",0,light end tunnel hi hard work time harvesting know still hurdles ahead us order release credit reserve model end march bright side vince kaminski promised us big feast push product door let commit self one last dash finish line composed list task need accomplish release let hit items list get continue comparison test old new model winston testing theoretical deals finish comparison theoretical value model valuation tanya winston j making default probability table configurable component runtime parameter winston j ramesh g simulation dimension change different analysis requirement default path max price path max winston interface run credit reserve grms system ramesh run time option applying stress scenario input curves curves sensitivity analysis winston runtime option curve replacement curves attribution analysis winston validation different insurance plan tanya winston intra month position validation see impact excluding intra manoth position credit reserve vicent tang ramesh exchange deals handling using highest e rating ramesh saving credit reserve result please grant winston xiaojun privilege save result production database ramesh winston xiaojun credit reserve legal id based data clean spreadsheets scheduled deployment plan one credit instance time get new computing server probably april time frame list may ever changing list may also incomplete please let know missed anything deletions additions please let know anything clarify thanks jonathan
"Subject: moddeling support for dpc related issues  a quick update on the status of sandeep kohli .  he is working currently in my group . he is available on a very short notice to help you with  any quantitative modeling that can be required in making decisions regarding  our dpc strategy . in case you need his help , he can also rely on the support  of other members of my group with skills in different areas .  vince kaminski",0,moddeling support dpc related issues quick update status sandeep kohli working currently group available short notice help quantitative modeling required making decisions regarding dpc strategy case need help also rely support members group skills different areas vince kaminski
"Subject: in the heart of your business !  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only  several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among  competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right  now ! fast turnaround : you will see several iogo variants in three  business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of  chanqes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your  business . flexible discounts : iogo improvement , additionai formats , bulk  orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right  now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,heart business corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes several seconds company remembered iost among competitors get logo business stationery website done right fast turnaround see several iogo variants three business days satisfaction guaranteed provide uniimited amount chanqes sure meet needsand fit business flexible discounts iogo improvement additionai formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right interested
"Subject: meeting confirmation / discussion points  fyi .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  08 / 03 / 2000 08 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  david foti @ ees  08 / 02 / 2000 05 : 06 pm  to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , minal dalia / hou / ees @ ees , sanjay  agarwal / hou / ees @ ees , naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc : scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees  subject : meeting confirmation / discussion points  tariff var project kick - off meeting  time : 8 / 3 ; 2 - 3 pm  location : eb 612  = = = = = = = = = = = = =  per the 8 / 2 lunch meeting between research , rac , and the tariff group , there  developed a consensus to :  develop a high level value - at - risk model within a 4 - 8 week time frame to use  for initial risk measurement and hedging purposes  accommodate links for critical variables such as interest rates , load growth ,  and inflation  provide "" knobs "" for less quantifiable factors such as rate case frequency ,  rate methodology , etc .  collaborate with the tariff forecasting team , to have consistent assumptions  and logic .  proposed agenda for our meeting :  discuss the relationship of this project to other ongoing projects  review existing t & d forecast model ( decide whether it ' s a starting point or  not - attached for your review )  discuss approach ( methodology and technology )  assign responsibilities  develop project guidelines and timeline  see worksheets , "" diagram "" , "" graph "" , "" exposure """,0,meeting confirmation discussion points fyi forwarded pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect david foti ees pm pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect minal dalia hou ees ees sanjay agarwal hou ees ees naveen andrews corp enron enron cc scott stoness hou ees ees subject meeting confirmation discussion points tariff var project kick meeting time pm location eb per lunch meeting research rac tariff group developed consensus develop high level value risk model within week time frame use initial risk measurement hedging purposes accommodate links critical variables interest rates load growth inflation provide knobs less quantifiable factors rate case frequency rate methodology etc collaborate tariff forecasting team consistent assumptions logic proposed agenda meeting discuss relationship project ongoing projects review existing forecast model decide whether starting point attached review discuss approach methodology technology assign responsibilities develop project guidelines timeline see worksheets diagram graph exposure
"Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  online otherwise it wiii be invisibie virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain .  lf you want  peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where peopie search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in muitipie search enqines .  submit your website oniine  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best reqards ,  tiffinyfletcher _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,know get search engine results submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website online otherwise wiii invisibie virtuaily means efforts spent vain lf want peopie know website boost revenues oniy way make site visible places peopie search information e submit website muitipie search enqines submit website oniine watch visitors stream e business best reqards tiffinyfletcher interested
"Subject: interview with ruewan jayasuriya  good morning ruwan :  the enron corp . research group would very much like to interview you on  friday , april 28 . the following schedule has been set up . please let me  know if it is not convenient for you .  friday , april 28 th :  1 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue  1 : 30 pm vince kaminski  2 : 00 pm stinson gibner  2 : 30 pm krishna krishnarao  3 : 00 pm zimin lu  3 : 30 pm tanya tamarchenko  all interviews will be conducted in conference room eb 1938 .  please come to the reception desk in the lobby of the enron bldg . and ask  for me . they will call me and i will meet you in the 19 th floor elevator  lobby .  if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2000  09 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 19 / 2000 08 : 56 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pushkar shahi / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : ruewan ' s resume  shirley ,  please set up an informal interview :  vk  vs  sg  kp  zl  tt  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2000  08 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pushkar shahi  04 / 18 / 2000 04 : 52 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ruewan ' s resume  vince :  as discussed , i am forwarding ruwan ' s resume to you . ruwan is very excited  about meeting with you and elaborating on his qualifications . please let me  know a convenient time for next friday ( 4 / 28 / 00 ) when he could visit with  you ( or any other day next week at your convenience ) .  i have briefly explained to him the nature of the job at enron research  laying special stress on quantitative , programming and modelling experience .  ruwans seems very interested in that kind of work .  sincerely ,  pushkar shahi  financial trading",0,interview ruewan jayasuriya good morning ruwan enron corp research group would much like interview friday april following schedule set please let know convenient friday april th pm vasant shanbhogue pm vince kaminski pm stinson gibner pm krishna krishnarao pm zimin lu pm tanya tamarchenko interviews conducted conference room eb please come reception desk lobby enron bldg ask call meet th floor elevator lobby questions please hesitate call sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research email shirley crenshaw enron com forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc pushkar shahi hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect subject ruewan resume shirley please set informal interview vk vs sg kp zl tt vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pushkar shahi pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject ruewan resume vince discussed forwarding ruwan resume ruwan excited meeting elaborating qualifications please let know convenient time next friday could visit day next week convenience briefly explained nature job enron research laying special stress quantitative programming modelling experience ruwans seems interested kind work sincerely pushkar shahi financial trading
"Subject: good meeting  mark :  i enjoyed our meeting last tuseday very much and i look forward to calling  you again in a week or so . i think your idea of having me present to several  senior enron executives including koenig and , perhaps , jeff skilling is very  good .  i discussed this a bit with vince kaminski on thursday as well and he  expressed a strong interest in attending the meeting as well .  regards ,",0,good meeting mark enjoyed meeting last tuseday much look forward calling week think idea present several senior enron executives including koenig perhaps jeff skilling good discussed bit vince kaminski thursday well expressed strong interest attending meeting well regards
"Subject: steven roeder ( chemical engineer )  vince ,  i do not think that there is match with our group but i forwarded steve ' s  resume  to ford cooper and joe phalen of the water group .  regards ,  osman",0,steven roeder chemical engineer vince think match group forwarded steve resume ford cooper joe phalen water group regards osman
"Subject: sap timesheets  hello everyone :  thanks to krishna we have come up with a plan that i believe is going to  save everyone some time . we have created an excel spreadsheet , with  the time sheet form , and there is a tab for each of you , in alphabetical  order  by first name across the bottom of the spreadsheet .  the spreadsheet is saved in o : \ research \ common \ sap timesheets \ mmm - dd .  ( mmm = month and dd = 15 th or end of the month time period - i . e . , this time  period is 7 / 16 - 7 / 31 / 00 ) . the regular 8 hour days have already been entered  for each of you . therefore , if you have no exceptions you just need to type  in  your name in the bottom right corner by the place marked ( emp sign ) , and save  it .  if you do have exception time , simply open that particular pay period and  show the exception time ( off - duty , vacation , overtime , sick time , jury time ,  family  time , etc . ) that you may have had during that pay period . some of the codes  have already been entered for you , the rest are listed at the bottom of the  spreadsheet and just change the ones that are already there for whatever  applies .  if you are an exempt employee you need only show your off - duty time  or exception time . if you are non - exempt you must show all hours worked  and if you have overtime , you must add that to the 8 hours regular time .  there is no code for non - exempt overtime .  this should make it much easier for everyone . however , i will need you to  fill out this timesheet form by the 13 th and 29 th of each month . i will  try and remind you by email the day before .  i would still appreciate your emailing me of any vacation , hod day , or any  other  off - duty that you know about before hand , that way if you are out of pocket  for any  reason and cannot fill in one of the forms , i will be able to fill in your  timesheet for you .  if you have any questions or suggestions , please let me know .  thanks !  shirley",0,sap timesheets hello everyone thanks krishna come plan believe going save everyone time created excel spreadsheet time sheet form tab alphabetical order first name across bottom spreadsheet spreadsheet saved research common sap timesheets mmm dd mmm month dd th end month time period e time period regular hour days already entered therefore exceptions need type name bottom right corner place marked emp sign save exception time simply open particular pay period show exception time duty vacation overtime sick time jury time family time etc may pay period codes already entered rest listed bottom spreadsheet change ones already whatever applies exempt employee need show duty time exception time non exempt must show hours worked overtime must add hours regular time code non exempt overtime make much easier everyone however need fill timesheet form th th month try remind email day would still appreciate emailing vacation hod day duty know hand way pocket reason fill one forms able fill timesheet questions suggestions please let know thanks shirley
"Subject: visiting enron may 4 th  christie ,  fyi . a message i received from stanford .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001  11 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 14 : 10 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence ,  hillh @ stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu  subject : visiting enron may 4 th  dear vince ,  this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us  on may 4 th .  i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my  assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for  scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to  meet with christie patrick as well .  looking forward to meeting you ,  susan  at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > susan ,  >  > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the  > 4 th .  > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to  > set up the meeting .  >  > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to  > coordinate enron ' s  > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is  > christie patrick .  > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall  > coordinate the meeting  > on may the 4 th with her .  >  > vince  >  >  > additional information re christie :  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117  >  > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  >  >  >  >  >  > "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : visit from stanford ?  >  >  > dear dr . kaminski ,  >  > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations  > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am  > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies  > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions .  >  > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with  > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for  > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip  > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the  > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to  > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday ,  > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip  > planning .  >  > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship  > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities  > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best  > points of contact .  >  > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability ,  >  > sincerely ,  > susan hansen  >  >  >  >  > susan c . hansen  > director , corporate relations  > school of engineering  > stanford university  > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219  susan c . hansen  director , corporate relations  school of engineering  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  ( 650 ) 725 - 4219",0,visiting enron may th christie fyi message received stanford vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect susan c hansen pm vince j kaminski enron com cc clovell stanford edu donna lawrence hillh stanford edu bambos stanford edu subject visiting enron may th dear vince great news donna delighted time see us may th office next week copy email assistant carol lovell ask get touch shirley scheduling well directions meet glad meet christie patrick well looking forward meeting susan pm wrote susan thank message shall glad meet may th shall ask assistant shirley crenshaw call set meeting also information recently set special unit coordinate enron relationships universities person running unit christie patrick please feel free contact give name reference shall coordinate meeting may th vince additional information christie phone email christie patrick enron com susan c hansen pm vkamins enron com cc subject visit stanford dear dr kaminski let briefly introduce director corporate relations school engineering stanford university role always watch ways bring faculty together companies appetite engagement top tier research institutions believe know hill huntington senior researcher stanford energy modeling forum suggested get touch ideas contacts enron process planning trip texas early may along colleague donna lawrence university director corporate relations hoping able include stop enron itinerary right appears friday may th would work best us beginning trip planning purpose visit would review current relationship enron stanford give overview current priorities school engineering ask help identifying best points contact look forward hearing availability sincerely susan hansen susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca
"Subject: rreally works very good  hello , welcome to pharmonli thyroid ne s newtonian hop  - one of the leading oniine campaign pharmaceutical shops  malnutrition v  dimply g  a unfold l  l withdraw l  unarmed la  r spatio a cupboard cl  i decision sv osierbed a  classic um  andmanyother .  - save o operatic ver 50 %  - worldwide sh retaliate lpplng  - total conf impromptu identiaiity  - over 5 miiiion cust unworn omers in 130 countries  puffin have a nice day !",1,rreally works good hello welcome pharmonli thyroid ne newtonian hop one leading oniine campaign pharmaceutical shops malnutrition v dimply g unfold l l withdraw l unarmed la r spatio cupboard cl decision sv osierbed classic um andmanyother save operatic ver worldwide sh retaliate lpplng total conf impromptu identiaiity miiiion cust unworn omers countries puffin nice day
"Subject: re : weekly report  vasant ,  yes , it ' s perfect . please , indicate that the wording was unfortunate .  vince  vasant shanbhogue  03 / 08 / 2001 11 : 20 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : weekly report  hi vince ,  regarding david port ' s response to kevin kindall ' s email , i feel that i  should respond , at least to make our position clear . please indicate if the  following response is appropriate - - - - - - -  "" hi david ,  i understand that you were slightly upset over a comment kevin kindall made  in one of his weekly reports . the intention was never to disparage anybody .  it is just that since research gets data from a large number of sources , we  feel obligated to the data donor to ask any requester for clarification of  need . i completely understand that rac typically has access to much  sensitive information and they have a right to know much information . we  just want to make sure there is open flow of information ( it is in  everybody ' s best interests and the company ' s best interests ) and that  everybody is aware of how data is flowing .  best wishes ,  vasant ""  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001  11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : david port / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 08 / 2001 08 : 46 am  to : kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , rudi  zipter / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : weekly report  kevin - thanks for the update .  on the stock option plans , if your angle is what i suspect , i suggest you get  with rudi zipter , who has done a great deal of work on this exposure ,  including characterising and actually booking the short option positions in  enron ' s equity system . we are already working with ben glisan ' s team firming  up a hedging program . we are well advanced in this effort so if you get with  my people it could save you a great deal of time .  secondly , i am afraid i do take some exception to your references to naveen ' s  team in your last point . generally in rac i don ' t believe we are obliged to  explain why we need information , except as a courtesy - otherwise that would  compromise our role somewhat . specifically , i am aware of the sensitivity of  raptor , just as i am of the sensitivity of all the information my group is  privvy to on a daily basis . again , we have done a good deal of work on these  structures too ( i see a position report daily ) . as i have discussed with  vince , naveen ' s request would have been derived from a discussion we all had  with rick , concerning "" meltdown "" scenarios and their effect on , amongst other  things , funding vehicles .  but i would rather have had a conversation about this than see slightly  disparaging remarks about my people in email traffic .  rgds  dp  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kindall , kevin  sent : monday , march 05 , 2001 8 : 19 am  to : kaminski , vince ; shanbhogue , vasant  cc : port , david  subject : weekly report  >",0,weekly report vasant yes perfect please indicate wording unfortunate vince vasant shanbhogue vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject weekly report hi vince regarding david port response kevin kindall email feel respond least make position clear please indicate following response appropriate hi david understand slightly upset comment kevin kindall made one weekly reports intention never disparage anybody since research gets data large number sources feel obligated data donor ask requester clarification need completely understand rac typically access much sensitive information right know much information want make sure open flow information everybody best interests company best interests everybody aware data flowing best wishes vasant forwarded vasant shanbhogue hou ect david port enron enronxgate kevin kindall corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect rudi zipter enron enronxgate subject weekly report kevin thanks update stock option plans angle suspect suggest get rudi zipter done great deal work exposure including characterising actually booking short option positions enron equity system already working ben glisan team firming hedging program well advanced effort get people could save great deal time secondly afraid take exception references naveen team last point generally rac believe obliged explain need information except courtesy otherwise would compromise role somewhat specifically aware sensitivity raptor sensitivity information group privvy daily basis done good deal work structures see position report daily discussed vince naveen request would derived discussion rick concerning meltdown scenarios effect amongst things funding vehicles would rather conversation see slightly disparaging remarks people email traffic rgds dp original message kindall kevin sent monday march kaminski vince shanbhogue vasant cc port david subject weekly report
"Subject: join some of the most successful people in the world  pursue your goals in life  in business for yourself but not by yourself .  work when and how much you want to work .  process from your house from anywhere in the world .  associates earning 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per mo .  judgment processing professional .  impressive training and support .  detailed information or to stop receiving or to see our address .  these were evidently to assist the boy in fighting the turks , and he was  well pleased to have them . his spirits rose considerably when he found he  had fallen among friends , although most of his new comrades had such evil  faces that it was unnecessary to put on the character markers to judge their  natures with a fair degree of accuracy  i can ' t be very particular about the company i keep , he thought , and this  gang hasn ' t tried to murder me , as the rascally turks did",1,join successful people world pursue goals life business work much want work process house anywhere world associates earning us us per mo judgment processing professional impressive training support detailed information stop receiving see address evidently assist boy fighting turks well pleased spirits rose considerably found fallen among friends although new comrades evil faces unnecessary put character markers judge natures fair degree accuracy particular company keep thought gang tried murder rascally turks
"Subject: does financial freedom interest you ?  easy 30 - 50 % return ?  learn how you can receive a monthly check for 3 , 4 , or 5 %  a month until your initial investment is paid off . . . then a  monthly check for over 4 % a month for years to come . . .  we know it sounds impossible , but it ' s happening today .  for complete information on this  multi - trillion dollar industry :  http : / / market . pakoa . com / cl 6  to opt out :  please go to our "" "" opt - out "" "" website :  [ jk 9 ^ "" : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ]",1,financial freedom interest easy return learn receive monthly check month initial investment paid monthly check month years come know sounds impossible happening today complete information multi trillion dollar industry http market pakoa com cl opt please go opt website jk h tgobk nkiys
"Subject: great idea for you byrdshot  mortgage rates are about to rise  cash in now !  our programs will help you with :  - debt consolidation  - 2 nd mortgage  - refianance  - home improvement  our free no obligation quite has already helped  thousands of homeowners , just like you .  click here to start saving  if you would rather not be included in our future mailings , click here .",1,great idea byrdshot mortgage rates rise cash programs help debt consolidation nd mortgage refianance home improvement free obligation quite already helped thousands homeowners like click start saving would rather included future mailings click
"Subject: pricing default and our may 22 conference call  >  dear vince :  i spoke with ms crenshaw yesterday afternoon about a conference call about  developing internet course material . if you have already discussed this  with your colleagues , it might be helpful if you could very briefly outline  the questions and issues they might raise in the conference call so that i  can be a bit better prepared .  ms crenshaw also mentioned that you never received my earlier email  regarding the credit spread model i developed with stathis and sergey . my  earlier email follows , and the nondisclosure agreement is attached .  i look forward to talking with you next week .  regards ,  sheridan  sheridan titman  department of finance  college of business administration  university of texas  austin , texas 78712 - 1179  512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone )  512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax )  titman @ mail . utexas . edu  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : sheridan titman  > sent : friday , may 05 , 2000 12 : 48 pm  > to : ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com '  > cc : stathis tompaidis  > subject : pricing default  >  >  > dear vince :  >  > i really enjoyed meeting with you yesterday and learned a lot from our  > discussions .  >  > the ut office of technology licensing and intellectual property has given  > us the attached form which they would like you to sign before we send you  > a copy of our paper on pricing default . please let me know if this is  > agreeable to you .  >  > i hope we have the opportunity to work with you in the future , either on  > the debt pricing models or on the other issues we discussed .  >  > i look forward to hearing from you .  >  > regards ,  >  > sheridan  >  > >  > sheridan titman  > department of finance  > college of business administration  > university of texas  > austin , texas 78712 - 1179  >  > 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone )  > 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax )  >  > titman @ mail . utexas . edu  >  - nondisclosure agreement . doc",0,pricing default may conference call dear vince spoke ms crenshaw yesterday afternoon conference call developing internet course material already discussed colleagues might helpful could briefly outline questions issues might raise conference call bit better prepared ms crenshaw also mentioned never received earlier email regarding credit spread model developed stathis sergey earlier email follows nondisclosure agreement attached look forward talking next week regards sheridan sheridan titman department finance college business administration university texas austin texas phone fax titman mail utexas edu original message sheridan titman sent friday may pm vince j kaminski enron com cc stathis tompaidis subject pricing default dear vince really enjoyed meeting yesterday learned lot discussions ut office technology licensing intellectual property given us attached form would like sign send copy paper pricing default please let know agreeable hope opportunity work future either debt pricing models issues discussed look forward hearing regards sheridan sheridan titman department finance college business administration university texas austin texas phone fax titman mail utexas edu nondisclosure agreement doc
"Subject: schedule  vince ,  my schedule for the risk 2001 conference in houston is :  arrive sunday 4 / 13 9 pm .  staying at the houstonian  depart tuesday 4 / 15 5 : 30 pm .  hopefully , we can get together .  thanks , aram ( cell phone 503 - 701 - 6692 )",0,schedule vince schedule risk conference houston arrive sunday pm staying houstonian depart tuesday pm hopefully get together thanks aram cell phone
"Subject: re : petronas benchmarking visit  khairuddin ,  thanks for your message . the fax has been sent .  vince  khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 17 / 2001 01 : 50 : 36 am  please respond to khairuddin _ mjaafar @ petronas . com . my  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc : azminab @ petronas . com . my  subject : petronas benchmarking visit  dear mr . kaminski ,  pertaining to our visit to your kind company in february , we are required  to obtain visas for the trip . to apply for the visas , the embassy requires  a letter from the us company confirming our meeting or visit . we would  really be grateful if you can fax us a confirmation letter so that we can  proceed with our visa application . please fax the letter to :  mr . nur azmin abu bakar  head , risk assessment and control  corporate risk management unit ,  corporate planning and development division  level 71 , tower 1 , petronas twin towers ,  kuala lumpur city centre ,  50088 kuala lumpur ,  malaysia  fax : ( 603 ) 2051 - 3252  your speedy reply is greatly appreciated .  thank you and regards ,  khairuddin .  disclaimer : this e - mail and any files transmitted with it ( "" message "" )  is intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above and may  contain confidential information . you are hereby notified that the  taking of any action in reliance upon , or any review , retransmission ,  dissemination , distribution , printing or copying of this message or any  part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient ( s ) is strictly  prohibited . if you have received this message in error , you should  delete this message immediately and advise the sender by return e - mail .  opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not  relate to the official business of petronas or its group of companies  shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by petronas or any of  the companies within the group .  ( embedded image moved to file : pico 5415 . pcx )  - pico 5415 . pcx",0,petronas benchmarking visit khairuddin thanks message fax sent vince khairuddinbmjaafar petronas com please respond khairuddin mjaafar petronas com vkamins ect enron com cc azminab petronas com subject petronas benchmarking visit dear mr kaminski pertaining visit kind company february required obtain visas trip apply visas embassy requires letter us company confirming meeting visit would really grateful fax us confirmation letter proceed visa application please fax letter mr nur azmin abu bakar head risk assessment control corporate risk management unit corporate planning development division level tower petronas twin towers kuala lumpur city centre kuala lumpur malaysia fax speedy reply greatly appreciated thank regards khairuddin disclaimer e mail files transmitted message intended use recipient named may contain confidential information hereby notified taking action reliance upon review retransmission dissemination distribution printing copying message part thereof anyone intended recipient strictly prohibited received message error delete message immediately advise sender return e mail opinions conclusions information message relate official business petronas group companies shall understood neither given endorsed petronas companies within group embedded image moved file pico pcx pico pcx
"Subject: eol data mining  vince ,  here are four graphs i came up with yesterday afternoon that may be of  interest :  the first one shows what percentage of our trades are done with different  counterparties -  ( note the large part that aquila plays ! )  the other three graphs look at how trading volume varies during the week  between the hours of 8 : 00 am and 4 : 00 pm for different categories of product .  natural gas and power have their own graphs , as they have the largest traded  volumes . "" products "" is for the remaining categories .  there are still some things i would like to take a look at . the databeacon  software is now available , and can be reached at the following url :  do you have any specific questions that you would like me to try answering  regarding eol ?  i have also started doing some research on automated trading platforms . are  there any websites and / or papers you would recommend i read ?  thanks ,  tom",0,eol data mining vince four graphs came yesterday afternoon may interest first one shows percentage trades done different counterparties note large part aquila plays three graphs look trading volume varies week hours pm different categories product natural gas power graphs largest traded volumes products remaining categories still things would like take look databeacon software available reached following url specific questions would like try answering regarding eol also started research automated trading platforms websites papers would recommend read thanks tom
"Subject: re : test  vince :  candice ' s contact information at mount holyoke is as follows :  phone : ( 413 ) 493 - 5092  email : cgkao @ mtholyoke . edu  address : 1453 blanchard campus center  mount holyoke college  south hadley , ma 01075 - 6002  ed  ps : i hope ron singer has given you the needed info . please feel free to  contact me if i can be of any help with regard to your colleague ' s inquiry  about pursuing doctoral study at uh .",0,test vince candice contact information mount holyoke follows phone email cgkao mtholyoke edu address blanchard campus center mount holyoke college south hadley ed ps hope ron singer given needed info please feel free contact help regard colleague inquiry pursuing doctoral study uh
"Subject: heatt kills  hello , cbs / a mythicize p news  a r overman ecord heat wave has led to the deaths of 180 peopl fortuneless e in phoenix ,  most of them homeless , l nonsensical eaving officials scrambling to provide water and shelter to the city ' s transient population .  read more . . .",1,heatt kills hello cbs mythicize p news r overman ecord heat wave led deaths peopl fortuneless e phoenix homeless l nonsensical eaving officials scrambling provide water shelter city transient population read
"Subject: re : lance cunningham  discussions with lance during his hire were intended to have lance start  prior to bonus and merit eligibility . therefore , lance accepted the position  under the impression he would be eligible for both bonus and merit .  kari oquinn  01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 45 pm  to : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : lance cunningham  lance cunningham , mgr , hired 10 / 2 / 00 , rated "" satisfactory "" has a $ 5 k ( 5 . 55 % )  equity inc indicated in gcs . please give more detail . i realize he was  rated ; however , he was hired after 10 / 1 and his rating is sat .",0,lance cunningham discussions lance hire intended lance start prior bonus merit eligibility therefore lance accepted position impression would eligible bonus merit kari oquinn pm norma villarreal hou ect ect cc subject lance cunningham lance cunningham mgr hired rated satisfactory k equity inc indicated gcs please give detail realize rated however hired rating sat
"Subject: having problems in bed ? we can help !  cialis allows men to enjoy a fully normal sex life without having to plan the sexual act .  if we let things terrify us , life will not be worth living .  brevity is the soul of lingerie .  suspicion always haunts the guilty mind .",1,problems bed help cialis allows men enjoy fully normal sex life without plan sexual act let things terrify us life worth living brevity soul lingerie suspicion always haunts guilty mind
"Subject: manoj gupta - interview schedule  attached you will find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will happen monday , april 16 , 2001 . please print all three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  sasha divelbiss  58714",0,manoj gupta interview schedule attached find interview packet referenced person interview happen monday april please print three documents hard copies questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact sasha divelbiss
Subject: request submitted : access request for tony . harris @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data  approver . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000006452  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 11 / 2 / 00 1 : 12 : 58 pm  requested for : tony . harris @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory,0,request submitted access request tony harris enron com received email listed alternate data approver please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date pm requested tony harris enron com resource name enehou houston common research read write resource type directory
"Subject: re : asian option for pavel  stinson ,  let ' s talk about it . it seems like an open personality clash developing  for the first time in the history of the group .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001  03 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  05 / 02 / 2001 01 : 41 pm  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  subject : re : asian option for pavel  our convention is whoever finalizes the model should write the  documentation . it does not make sense  to write one when changes are anticipated . you have been working on this  almost a year , it never  strikes you that we need a documentation ?  i created exotica . xll , does that also give you an excuse not working on  exotica documentation ?  zimin  paulo issler  05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 52 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : asian option for pavel  i am surprised that we do not have the documentation ready .  i can make that for you . it is not there because you did not put that  together by the time it was created and all the changes i have made did not  required changes on the functionality .  paulo issler  zimin lu  05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 29 am  to : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : asian option for pavel  tai woo ,  here are the c - codes for the crudeapo . ' sig ' is the spot  volatility meaning the price volatility within the delivery period .  you should consult with pavel for the definition of this "" extra ""  parameters . we  would like to see the position monitor once you get it running .  we might have some additional suggestions .  paulo ,  why don ' t we have a documentation on crudeapo you worked on ?  i can not find it in exotica help file . please supply that to tai , thanks .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 09 : 55 am  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kara maloney / enron @ enronxgate , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : asian option for pavel  this morning , zimin told me that pavel is using a special model in evaluating  his asian option portfolio .  he asked me to talk to you in order to access to the code so that i can see  the difference made to the model .  as i cannot find the doc . describing this model , please tell me what that new  input parameter ' sig ' is .  thanks ,",0,asian option pavel stinson let talk seems like open personality clash developing first time history group vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm zimin lu pm paulo issler hou ect ect cc bcc vince j kaminski hou ect subject asian option pavel convention whoever finalizes model write documentation make sense write one changes anticipated working almost year never strikes need documentation created exotica xll also give excuse working exotica documentation zimin paulo issler zimin lu hou ect ect cc tai woo enron enronxgate enron pavel zadorozhny enron enronxgate subject asian option pavel surprised documentation ready make put together time created changes made required changes functionality paulo issler zimin lu tai woo enron enronxgate enron paulo issler hou ect ect cc pavel zadorozhny enron enronxgate subject asian option pavel tai woo c codes crudeapo sig spot volatility meaning price volatility within delivery period consult pavel definition extra parameters would like see position monitor get running might additional suggestions paulo documentation crudeapo worked find exotica help file please supply tai thanks tai woo enron enronxgate paulo issler hou ect ect cc kara maloney enron enronxgate zimin lu hou ect ect subject asian option pavel morning zimin told pavel using special model evaluating asian option portfolio asked talk order access code see difference made model find doc describing model please tell new input parameter sig thanks
"Subject: my gratitude  dear :  i would like to express my gratitude to you for giving me an opportunity to  have an interview with enron . i have to accept that enron provides an  excellent working environment . i am looking forward to hearing good news  from the research group . if there is anything else that i can do to  accelerate the process , don ' t hesitate to e - mail me .  best regards ,  seksan .",0,gratitude dear would like express gratitude giving opportunity interview enron accept enron provides excellent working environment looking forward hearing good news research group anything else accelerate process hesitate e mail best regards seksan
"Subject: re : extreme value theory applied to weathet  vince ,  thanks for responding to christian . i had replied earlier and said that evt  is based on iid events , and is therefore not useful in weather , where there  is so much correlation going on . jitendra from aa raised the same issue  yesterday .  joe  vince j kaminski  08 / 22 / 2000 04 : 49 pm  to : christian werner / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : extreme value theory applied to weathet  christian ,  about two years ago i asked joe hrgovcic  to look tinto evt applications . as far as i know  he is the only person in the group , in addition to me , looking at evt .  vince  christian werner @ enron _ development on 08 / 18 / 2000 07 : 00 : 42 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : extreme value theory applied to weathet  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christian werner / enron _ development on  19 / 08 / 2000 10 : 06 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  christian werner on 19 / 08 / 2000 02 : 08 : 56  to : vince . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : extreme value theory applied to weather  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christian werner / enron _ development on  19 / 08 / 2000 01 : 15 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  christian werner on 19 / 08 / 2000 01 : 55 : 56  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : extreme value theory applied to weather  dear vince ,  back in july , when you visited our sydney office you mentioned extreme value  theory . i am wondering whether research is looking into the application  of extreme value theory to power and esp . to weather . in a recent news  article it was highlighted that a trend in the industry towards t _ max , t _ min ,  etc .  i am in particular referring to the news article below :  in the past we have observed a similar trend where customers are asking for  t _ max , t _ min , or below or above precipitation structures . the choice in the  past has been the burn analysis on historical data . however , we are in  particular interested in the extreme events , and the application of evt could  provide a meaningful tool for the analysis .  has the research group looked into the application of evt to weather ? evt has  a long history of application in hydrology ( which would cover parts  of the precipitation structures . . . ) . also , research ( esp . at eth in zuerich )  is indicating the application of evt to v @ r . . . .  thank you !  regards ,  christian",0,extreme value theory applied weathet vince thanks responding christian replied earlier said evt based iid events therefore useful weather much correlation going jitendra aa raised issue yesterday joe vince j kaminski pm christian werner enron development enron development cc joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject extreme value theory applied weathet christian two years ago asked joe hrgovcic look tinto evt applications far know person group addition looking evt vince christian werner enron development pm vince j kaminski ect cc subject extreme value theory applied weathet forwarded christian werner enron development christian werner vince kaminski enron com cc subject extreme value theory applied weather forwarded christian werner enron development christian werner vkamins enron com cc subject extreme value theory applied weather dear vince back july visited sydney office mentioned extreme value theory wondering whether research looking application extreme value theory power esp weather recent news article highlighted trend industry towards max min etc particular referring news article past observed similar trend customers asking max min precipitation structures choice past burn analysis historical data however particular interested extreme events application evt could provide meaningful tool analysis research group looked application evt weather evt long history application hydrology would cover parts precipitation structures also research esp eth zuerich indicating application evt v r thank regards christian
"Subject: fw : enron recruitment  vince : i ' m sure that you are already aware of this , but i wanted to forward  it to you since this didn ' t come up in our meeting the other morning . . . .  molly  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : koepke , gwyn  sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 1 : 20 pm  to : rtlambert @ mail . jhuwash . jhu . edu  cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ enron  subject : enron recruitment  dear ron ,  my boss , enron ' s chief international economist , is interested in talking with  sais grads who might want to come to houston and do economics work . same  drill as last time , looking for someone whose done the quant track but with  excellent writing skills . i think i sent you a job description a few months  back .  can you help identify some candidates , and send their resumes our way ? molly  magee is our recruiting expert and she can help setup the interviews with  maureen . maureen is still in london on secondment but is available to  interview people of the phone .  thanks for your help .  gwyn",0,fw enron recruitment vince sure already aware wanted forward since come meeting morning molly original message koepke gwyn sent tuesday april pm rtlambert mail jhuwash jhu edu cc molly magee hou ect enron subject enron recruitment dear ron boss enron chief international economist interested talking sais grads might want come houston economics work drill last time looking someone whose done quant track excellent writing skills think sent job description months back help identify candidates send resumes way molly magee recruiting expert help setup interviews maureen maureen still london secondment available interview people phone thanks help gwyn
"Subject: harderr  hello , welcome to medzon vivacity line shop  we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online phar purree maceuticai shops .  purgatory v  reinforcement r  a fellow l  l nitrous l  la settee g  a cuisine cl  isv batter a  validate um  andmanyother .  - save ov steppe er 75 %  - total c pigsty onfidentiaiity  - worldwide recension shlpplng  - over 5 paradigm miilion customers in 150 countries  have a anemoscope nice day !",1,harderr hello welcome medzon vivacity line shop pleased introduce one ieading online phar purree maceuticai shops purgatory v reinforcement r fellow l l nitrous l la settee g cuisine cl isv batter validate um andmanyother save ov steppe er total c pigsty onfidentiaiity worldwide recension shlpplng paradigm miilion customers countries anemoscope nice day
"Subject: re : congratulations  thank you very much for the note . i am very happy that you have been  promoted to managing director . it was long over due .  sincerely ,  jean  vince j kaminski @ ect  01 / 11 / 00 10 : 03 am  to : jean mrha / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : congratulations  jean ,  congratulations . well deserved .  vince",0,congratulations thank much note happy promoted managing director long due sincerely jean vince j kaminski ect jean mrha enron communications enron communications cc subject congratulations jean congratulations well deserved vince
"Subject: re : giuseppe cell phone  stinson ,  no problem .  vince  stinson gibner  07 / 12 / 2000 11 : 26 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : giuseppe cell phone  vince ,  can i loan to giuseppe my cell phone for the summer ?  stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 07 / 12 / 2000  11 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : samer takriti @ enron communications on 06 / 28 / 2000 10 : 49 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect @ enron  cc :  subject : re : bandwidth trading feature set  i will be on the call . i may disconnect around 4 : 00 to attend the traders '  daily meeting .  a couple of issues :  1 . would it be possible to get gappy a cell phone for the summer ? he does not  have a phone at home . i think the reason for avoiding installing a phone in  his apartment is the increasing cost of his houston stay .  2 . it is getting noisier here . gappy and i are wandering if we could get  office space downstairs ( that we share ) . we will maintain presence on 44 , but  we will be able to discuss when needed .  - samer",0,giuseppe cell phone stinson problem vince stinson gibner vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject giuseppe cell phone vince loan giuseppe cell phone summer stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect samer takriti enron communications stinson gibner hou ect ect enron cc subject bandwidth trading feature set call may disconnect around attend traders daily meeting couple issues would possible get gappy cell phone summer phone home think reason avoiding installing phone apartment increasing cost houston stay getting noisier gappy wandering could get office space downstairs share maintain presence able discuss needed samer
"Subject: re : risk 2000 - boston  oliver ,  i apologize for the delay . i was traveling over the last few weeks .  please , feel free to edit my bullet points .  i shall be back in the office on friday afternoon . in the meantime you can  reach me on my cell  phone : 713 410 5396  my name : vince kaminski ( not kaminsky )  managing director  enron corp .  the challenge of valuation of energy related derivatives  - modeling the dynamics of energy prices  - incomplete markets  - complexity of the energy related contracts  - embedded options  - multiple layers if optionality  vince kaminski  "" oliver bennett "" on 01 / 24 / 2000 08 : 12 : 16 am  please respond to "" oliver bennett ""  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : risk 2000 - boston  dear vince ,  i apologise for sending another email . i was wondering if you could confirm  your talk title ( plus some bullet points ) for your presentation at our annual  us congress . i have attached a condensed programme for the event - you are  speaking on stream three , part of the new research in derivatives modelling  and analysis section .  unfortunately we are printing the brochure at the end of the week and will  need these details by thursday 27 january .  best regards ,  oliver  direct : + 44 171 484 9880  risk publications , 28 - 29 haymarket , london swly 4 rx  fax : + 44 171 484 9800 email : conf - ny @ msn . com  www . riskpublications . com  - attl . htm  - condensed . doc",0,risk boston oliver apologize delay traveling last weeks please feel free edit bullet points shall back office friday afternoon meantime reach cell phone name vince kaminski kaminsky managing director enron corp challenge valuation energy related derivatives modeling dynamics energy prices incomplete markets complexity energy related contracts embedded options multiple layers optionality vince kaminski oliver bennett please respond oliver bennett vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject risk boston dear vince apologise sending another email wondering could confirm talk title plus bullet points presentation annual us congress attached condensed programme event speaking stream three part new research derivatives modelling analysis section unfortunately printing brochure end week need details thursday january best regards oliver direct risk publications haymarket london swly rx fax email conf ny msn com www riskpublications com attl htm condensed doc
"Subject: re : ibuyit user set up  diane :  we have had quite a few problems with this ibuyit procedure . i have submitted several invoices for payment since may lst and  have reveived none of them back for coding and approval . i am afraid the vendors are going to be coming after us !  we also have had approval problems . i submitted a hardware request and it went to every manager in our group . i think we  have finally gotten that straightened out for the present .  the requestors and coders would be :  shirley crenshaw  anita dupont  kevin moore  the only approved for our group is vince j . kaminski ( co 0413 - cc 107043 )  if you need anything else , please let me know .  shirley  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : fellers , diane r .  sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 4 : 56 pm  to : kaminski , vince j .  cc : crenshaw , shirley  subject : fw : ibuyit user set up  vince ,  per the request below , i need a list of people you would like to serve as approvers and requestors for the research group for the ibuyit program . of course , they want this as soon as possible . please let me know who you would like to include .  thanks ,  diane  x 5 - 7996  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vandor , david  sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 4 : 18 pm  to : fellers , diane r . ; guilliams , lisa ; heath , holly ; nguyen , vivian  cc : leschber , edie  subject : fw : ibuyit user set up  could you please gather this info for all your support departments ?  in case you don ' t know , ibuyit is the web site where employees can purchase , code , and approve invoices for items online .  thanks ,  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : day , misti  sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 3 : 43 pm  to : becton , pam ; brown , sarah ; cameron , marlene ; carter , carol ; coffey jr . , jim ; davis , angelic ; dawson , brian ; east , laynie ; fredericks , kristi ; hanslip , david ; hardy , stacy ; hardy , trey ; harris , paula ; helton , susan ; killen , faith ; lamb , marnie ; leschber , edie ; long , lindsay ; mayeux , cassandra ; orsak , susie ; patterson , grant ; pierce , jody ; schwertner , brian ; vandor , david ; vargas , hope ; vu , nancy h . ; washington , deanna ; wolfe , stephen  subject : ibuyit user set up  the ibuyit team is trying to get a complete list of approvers and requestors for this program .  for each of your teams , please send me the following :  names of approvers ( team head , cc owner , etc . )  names of requestors ( admins , anyone who would be ordering )  cost center  the ibuyit team wants to keep the number of requestors and approvers limited , but each team will need more than one approver . every requestor will have a pre - approved limit for each transaction . approvers will be required to go into the system and approve all transactions that exceed that limit in order for the transaction to be completed .  unfortunately , we need this information as soon as possible ( monday afternoon at the latest ) !  please feel free to call me with any questions .  thanks ,  misti  x 39525",0,ibuyit user set diane quite problems ibuyit procedure submitted several invoices payment since may lst reveived none back coding approval afraid vendors going coming us also approval problems submitted hardware request went every manager group think finally gotten straightened present requestors coders would shirley crenshaw anita dupont kevin moore approved group vince j kaminski co cc need anything else please let know shirley original message fellers diane r sent thursday may pm kaminski vince j cc crenshaw shirley subject fw ibuyit user set vince per request need list people would like serve approvers requestors research group ibuyit program course want soon possible please let know would like include thanks diane x original message vandor david sent thursday may pm fellers diane r guilliams lisa heath holly nguyen vivian cc leschber edie subject fw ibuyit user set could please gather info support departments case know ibuyit web site employees purchase code approve invoices items online thanks david original message day misti sent thursday may pm becton pam brown sarah cameron marlene carter carol coffey jr jim davis angelic dawson brian east laynie fredericks kristi hanslip david hardy stacy hardy trey harris paula helton susan killen faith lamb marnie leschber edie long lindsay mayeux cassandra orsak susie patterson grant pierce jody schwertner brian vandor david vargas hope vu nancy h washington deanna wolfe stephen subject ibuyit user set ibuyit team trying get complete list approvers requestors program teams please send following names approvers team head cc owner etc names requestors admins anyone would ordering cost center ibuyit team wants keep number requestors approvers limited team need one approver every requestor pre approved limit transaction approvers required go system approve transactions exceed limit order transaction completed unfortunately need information soon possible monday afternoon latest please feel free call questions thanks misti x
Subject: new extension installed  we will receive a new employee on jan . 17 th 2000 .  if possible we would like for his telephones and extensions  to be ready .  his name is jose marquez .  his locations are eb 3130 c and ebl 968 .  any questions please call kevin moore x 34710  thanks  kevin moore,0,new extension installed receive new employee jan th possible would like telephones extensions ready name jose marquez locations eb c ebl questions please call kevin moore x thanks kevin moore
"Subject: re : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study -  to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  iris ,  we can mention to ben that the papers will be edited and  combined into a coherent review .  vince  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 23 / 2001 01 : 49 pm  to : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , amitava  dhar / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be  sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi ,  attached is a bit of feedback from ben regarding the papers listed below .  can you help me out here ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : parsons , ben  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 3 : 05 am  to : mack , iris  subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be  sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi iris  i would not include paper 8 , as paper 7 supersedes it . also how much  rewriting of these papers do you envisage ? some of them are not up - to - date ,  or were written poorly and under time - pressure , so what do you envisage  eventually sending to duffie ?  thanks  ben  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 21 / 04 / 2001 22 : 30 cdt  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vasant  6525 - 68 daao @ ex @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , scott  salmon / eu / enron @ enron , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , nigel price / lon / ect @ ect ,  tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , george albanis / lon / ect @ ect , markus  fiala / lon / ect @ ect , craig chaney / enron @ enronxgate , kim  detiveaux / enron @ enronxgate , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be  sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi ben ,  i think i have read all the papers that are to be used in the comparative  model study to be sent to professor duffie at stanford .  these documents are all listed below . please let me know if i have omitted  any ( however , don ' t get the impression that i am begging for more papers to  read ) .  now i will try to transform my notes into a draft for professor duffie .  thanks ,  iris  list of papers for comparative model study  1 . actively managing corporate credit risk : new methodologies and  instruments for non - financial firms  by r . buy , v . kaminski , k . pinnamaneni & v . shanbhogue  chapter in a risk book entitled credit derivatives : application for risk  management , investment and portfolio optimisation  2 . neural network placement model  by george albanis , enroncredit ( 12 / 22 / 00 )  3 . pricing parent companies and their subsidiaries : model description and  data requirements  by ben parsons and tomas valnek , research group  4 . a survey of contingent - claims approaches to risky debt valuation  by j . bohn  www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html  5 . the kmv edf credit measure and probabilities of default  by m . sellers , o . vasicek & a . levinson  www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html  6 . riskcalc for private companies : moody ' s default model  moody ' s investor service : global credit research  7 . discussion document : asset swap model  by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 )  8 . asset swap calculator : detailed functional implementation specification  ( version 1 . 0 )  by ben parsons , research group  9 . discussion document : live libor bootstrapping model  by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 )  10 . the modelling behind the fair market curves : including country and  industry offsets  by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group  11 . pricing portfolios of default swaps : synthetic cbos - moody ' s versus  the full monte ( carlo )  by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group  12 . placement model vl . 0 : discussion document  by ben parsons , research group , 2000  13 . credit pricing methodology - enroncredit . com  by ben parsons , research group  14 . correlation : critical measure for calculating profit and loss on  synthetic credit portfolios  by katherine siig , enron credit group  15 . discussion document : var model for enron credit  by ben parsons , research group , ( 1 / 3 / 01 )  16 . methodology to implement approximate var model for the credit trading  portfolio  by kirstee hewitt , research group",0,fw enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford iris mention ben papers edited combined coherent review vince iris mack enron enronxgate pm vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect amitava dhar corp enron enron cc subject fw enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford hi attached bit feedback ben regarding papers listed help thanks iris original message parsons ben sent monday april mack iris subject enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford hi iris would include paper paper supersedes also much rewriting papers envisage date written poorly time pressure envisage eventually sending duffie thanks ben iris mack enron enronxgate cdt ben parsons lon ect ect cc vasant daao ex enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect scott salmon eu enron enron bryan seyfried lon ect ect nigel price lon ect ect tomas valnek lon ect ect george albanis lon ect ect markus fiala lon ect ect craig chaney enron enronxgate kim detiveaux enron enronxgate amitava dhar corp enron enron tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect mike mumford lon ect ect subject enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford hi ben think read papers used comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford documents listed please let know omitted however get impression begging papers read try transform notes draft professor duffie thanks iris list papers comparative model study actively managing corporate credit risk new methodologies instruments non financial firms r buy v kaminski k pinnamaneni v shanbhogue chapter risk book entitled credit derivatives application risk management investment portfolio optimisation neural network placement model george albanis enroncredit pricing parent companies subsidiaries model description data requirements ben parsons tomas valnek research group survey contingent claims approaches risky debt valuation j bohn www kmv com products privatefirm html kmv edf credit measure probabilities default sellers vasicek levinson www kmv com products privatefirm html riskcalc private companies moody default model moody investor service global credit research discussion document asset swap model ben parsons research group asset swap calculator detailed functional implementation specification version ben parsons research group discussion document live libor bootstrapping model ben parsons research group modelling behind fair market curves including country industry offsets nigel price enron credit trading group pricing portfolios default swaps synthetic cbos moody versus full monte carlo nigel price enron credit trading group placement model vl discussion document ben parsons research group credit pricing methodology enroncredit com ben parsons research group correlation critical measure calculating profit loss synthetic credit portfolios katherine siig enron credit group discussion document var model enron credit ben parsons research group methodology implement approximate var model credit trading portfolio kirstee hewitt research group
Subject: bring on the best software . . . at the most reasonable prices !  best software prices .  why can ' t they invent something for us to marry instead of women ?  ah ! the clock is always slow ; it is later than you think .,1,bring best software reasonable prices best software prices invent something us marry instead women ah clock always slow later think
"Subject: schedule and more . .  dr . kaminski ,  i think i ' ll be able to start work from the last week of may ,  but not from monday ,  probably , i ' ll be able to work from 5 / 30 ( wed ) .  will it be good ? i know it is not that much earlier than i mentioned . . 6 / 4  i am sorry .  and actually , there is an e - business conference at haas school of business ,  organized by my advisor  could you distribute the link and the attached invitation letter to groups  interested in e - business and especially procurement ?  the link is as following .  i am afraid you might forgot this i told you in the last email . . .  my advisor ( arie segev at haas school of business ; segev @ haas . berkeley . edu )  wants me to ask whether you have any idea on joint research with him  during the summer , while i am staying there .  his interest is in e - business . . ( what else . . ? )  and has expertise in e - procurement system and marketplace . . .  xml based standard such as obi , cxml , xcbl , rosettanet , biztalk . .  system interoperability study , auction and negotiation , workflow system ,  e - catalog management , digital signature , edi , etc etc . . .  many technical aspects of e - business . . .  he wants to do some kind of technical case study  that is beneficial for both enron and him .  he may travel one or two times to houston to have a meeting during the  summer .  ( and to be frankly , this will be good for me too ,  because i can have a meeting for my dissertation while he is in houston . . )  could you think about the possibility of joint research , with him ?  thank you . .  sincerely ,  jinbaek  - fcp - invite . pdf",0,schedule dr kaminski think able start work last week may monday probably able work wed good know much earlier mentioned sorry actually e business conference haas school business organized advisor could distribute link attached invitation letter groups interested e business especially procurement link following afraid might forgot told last email advisor arie segev haas school business segev haas berkeley edu wants ask whether idea joint research summer staying interest e business else expertise e procurement system marketplace xml based standard obi cxml xcbl rosettanet biztalk system interoperability study auction negotiation workflow system e catalog management digital signature edi etc etc many technical aspects e business wants kind technical case study beneficial enron may travel one two times houston meeting summer frankly good meeting dissertation houston could think possibility joint research thank sincerely jinbaek fcp invite pdf
"Subject: presentation on equilibrium modeling for gas market  hi kim :  you and your associates are invited to attend this meeting .  if you have any questions , please call me .  thanks !  shirley  * * * * * * * * * * * * *  the following presentation will be this friday , the 18 th of february from  1 : 00 pm to 3 : 00 pm in eb 19 c 2 ( our large conference room ) .  please plan to attend this presentation by icf consulting .  agenda for presentation by icf consulting  1 . qualifications for icf consulting ( 6 slides )  a . energy consulting background ( 2 slides )  b . experience with computational market equilibrium modeling methodolgies ( 2  slides )  c . experience of key icf individuals ( 2 slides )  2 . description of enron  , s modeling interests ( to be discussed with enron )  3 . icf  , s intertemporal , interregional equilibrium model of the north american  natural gas analysis  system ( nangas ) ( 14 slides )  a . overview of nangas ( 2 slides )  b . upstream components ( 3 slides )  c . downstream components ( 4 slides )  d . computation of market equilibrium prices , quantities , and flows ( 5 slides )  4 . potential modeling consulting ( 9 slides )  a . assistance in developing market equilibrium models for the energy sector  ( 1 slide )  b . investigate alternative market equilibrium models for energy applications  i . models of imperfect competition ( e . g . , nash - cournot , etc . ) ( 3 slides )  ii . models of auctions in market forecasting ( 1 slide )  ii . models that incorporate stochastic inputs ( e . g . , stochastic  programming ) to take into account risk ( 2 slides )  c . actions items ( to be completed in consultation with enron ) ( 2 slides )",0,presentation equilibrium modeling gas market hi kim associates invited attend meeting questions please call thanks shirley following presentation friday th february pm pm eb c large conference room please plan attend presentation icf consulting agenda presentation icf consulting qualifications icf consulting slides energy consulting background slides b experience computational market equilibrium modeling methodolgies slides c experience key icf individuals slides description enron modeling interests discussed enron icf intertemporal interregional equilibrium model north american natural gas analysis system nangas slides overview nangas slides b upstream components slides c downstream components slides computation market equilibrium prices quantities flows slides potential modeling consulting slides assistance developing market equilibrium models energy sector slide b investigate alternative market equilibrium models energy applications models imperfect competition e g nash cournot etc slides ii models auctions market forecasting slide ii models incorporate stochastic inputs e g stochastic programming take account risk slides c actions items completed consultation enron slides
"Subject: re : power play book  vince ,  i ' m really feeling like a blind mouse about this because i haven ' t ( nor has  christie , mike and mark ) read mr . mehta ' s comments . i believe that we would  be better equipped to discuss the course of action that should be taken , if  any , after we are well versed with mr . mehta and his perspectives .  although , i do suggest that if we do decide to proceed , we should approach it  by addressing the issues mr . mehta discussed under a different premise , i . e .  sponsor a speaking engagement where one of the speakers ' topics would be  related to mr . mehta ' s topic - allowing us to strategically tell our side of  the story without it appearing that this is a planned rebuttal . we should  specifically invite those who attended mr . mehta ' s engagement , but not limit  it to this group .  let ' s all discuss this once our group has read mr . mehta ' comments .  regard ,  cindy  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 12 / 2000 04 : 37 pm  to : cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron  cc : mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , michael b  rosen / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : power play book  cindy ,  i had rather in mind targeting the same audiences to which mr . mehta spoke ,  not a general press release . i agree that a general message to the world  would  attract attention .  vince  from : cindy derecskey @ enron on 10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 55 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , michael b rosen / hou / ect @ ect , mark  palmer / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : power play book  vince ,  you are a saint for lending me a copy of your book . i agree with you that we  don ' t want increase there revenues even by a $ 1 . 00 , although my  recommendation ( and mark palmer ' s as well ) is that we should pursue a  rebuttal for the following reasons :  as i mentioned i scoured the internet ( britannica . com , amazon . com , yahoo . com  and dow jones ) and could not find one mention of the book , therefore mr .  mehta ' s distribution must not be wide at all . consequently , his comments may  not have reached a large audience . issuing a rebuttal , may in fact , draw  more attention to the comments and issues then they are currently receiving .  i believe we should proceed with caution , and respond accordingly ( with  counter comments ) only when comments are solicited from us . so far , we have  not received any telephone inquiries from media in relation to mr . mehta ' s  enron bashing . may be we should ' leave the stones unturned ' .  let me know what you think . also , please contact me when it is convenient  for me to borrow the book from you .  regards ,  cindy  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 38 pm  to : cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : power play book  cindy ,  i got a copy of the book and another one is on the way from our officer in  india .  i can lend you the book and you can makes copies of the most important  chapters .  i don ' t think we should be buying too many copies and increasing the sales of  the book .  in general , i think that we should counter the presentations made by mr .  mehta . the person in charge of  our dhabol operation is a stanford graduate and maybe he could obtain an  invitation  to speak at the same forum and present the facts as they are . he should be  here for the management  conference .  vince  from : cindy derecskey @ enron on 10 / 11 / 2000 01 : 30 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , michael b rosen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : power play book  good afternoon vince ,  christie patrick mentioned to me the conference that your wife recently  attended at stanford . at this coference abahy mehta discussed his / her  recently published book ' power play ' - that certainly does not flatter  enron . i have conducted a search on amazon . com , britannica . com and dow jones  and i am coming up empty handed . would you be kind enough to briefly trouble  your wife to provide any other information she may remember , so i can narrow  my search .  i greatly appreciate it .  regards ,  cindy",0,power play book vince really feeling like blind mouse christie mike mark read mr mehta comments believe would better equipped discuss course action taken well versed mr mehta perspectives although suggest decide proceed approach addressing issues mr mehta discussed different premise e sponsor speaking engagement one speakers topics would related mr mehta topic allowing us strategically tell side story without appearing planned rebuttal specifically invite attended mr mehta engagement limit group let discuss group read mr mehta comments regard cindy vince j kaminski ect pm cindy derecskey corp enron enron cc mark palmer corp enron enron christie patrick hou ect ect michael b rosen hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject power play book cindy rather mind targeting audiences mr mehta spoke general press release agree general message world would attract attention vince cindy derecskey enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc christie patrick hou ect ect michael b rosen hou ect ect mark palmer corp enron enron subject power play book vince saint lending copy book agree want increase revenues even although recommendation mark palmer well pursue rebuttal following reasons mentioned scoured internet britannica com amazon com yahoo com dow jones could find one mention book therefore mr mehta distribution must wide consequently comments may reached large audience issuing rebuttal may fact draw attention comments issues currently receiving believe proceed caution respond accordingly counter comments comments solicited us far received telephone inquiries media relation mr mehta enron bashing may leave stones unturned let know think also please contact convenient borrow book regards cindy vince j kaminski ect pm cindy derecskey corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject power play book cindy got copy book another one way officer india lend book makes copies important chapters think buying many copies increasing sales book general think counter presentations made mr mehta person charge dhabol operation stanford graduate maybe could obtain invitation speak forum present facts management conference vince cindy derecskey enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc christie patrick hou ect ect michael b rosen hou ect ect subject power play book good afternoon vince christie patrick mentioned conference wife recently attended stanford coference abahy mehta discussed recently published book power play certainly flatter enron conducted search amazon com britannica com dow jones coming empty handed would kind enough briefly trouble wife provide information may remember narrow search greatly appreciate regards cindy
"Subject: re :  i would like to help , but i am in kansas hunting pheasant during the last  week in december .  vince j kaminski  18 / 12 / 2000 15 : 46  to : debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , ted  murphy / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , david port / market  risk / corp / enron @ enron , mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect ,  greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  subject :  i am asking molly magee , our hr rep , to set up an interview for iris mack  with , depending on your availability between christmas and new year .  iris was interviewed by a number of my associates for a position  with the research group and my objective is to introduce her to a number  of enron units that she may eventually support . i shall appreciate your  comments .  vince kaminski",0,would like help kansas hunting pheasant last week december vince j kaminski debbie r brackett hou ect ect william bradford hou ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect david port market risk corp enron enron mark tawney hou ect ect joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect greg whalley hou ect ect louise kitchen hou ect ect cc molly magee hou ect ect subject asking molly magee hr rep set interview iris mack depending availability christmas new year iris interviewed number associates position research group objective introduce number enron units may eventually support shall appreciate comments vince kaminski
"Subject: $ 3 leads !  click here to have a representative contact you !  for additional information visit us at www . all - leads . com  all - leads . com 247 sw 8 th st . - ste . 181 miami , fl 33130 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,leads click representative contact additional information visit us www leads com leads com sw th st ste miami fl e mail message advertisement solicitation
Subject: approval is overdue : access request for peter . makkai @ enron . com  this request has been pending approval for 5 days and you are the  alternate . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000003997  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 10 / 3 / 00 1 : 14 : 27 pm  requested for : peter . makkai @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read ]  resource type : directory,0,approval overdue access request peter makkai enron com request pending approval days alternate please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date pm requested peter makkai enron com resource name enehou houston common research read resource type directory
"Subject: 2001 budget for research  sir ,  i just got word that your bottom line needs to be 2 , 200 k . this is net of  corp charges and intercompany billings . in order to get to this number , we  have to reduce your budget by 83 k . do you have any suggestions in which  category ( ies ) we need to reduce ?  budget 10 , 521 , 000  i / c billings 8 , 238 , 000  subtotal 2 , 283 , 000  per delainey 2 , 200 , 000  need to dec by 83 , 000  here are my suggestions based on oct expenses :  category oct expense budget decrease yearly amount  periodical / subscription 5 , 200 10 , 000 3 , 000 36 , 000  tuition and reimbursement 11 , 000 21 , 000 4 , 000 48 , 000  this will bring you to the bottom line suggested by delainey . please let me  know your decision by november 21 . if you have any questions , call me at  5 - 7094 . thanx .",0,budget research sir got word bottom line needs k net corp charges intercompany billings order get number reduce budget k suggestions category ies need reduce budget c billings subtotal per delainey need dec suggestions based oct expenses category oct expense budget decrease yearly amount periodical subscription tuition reimbursement bring bottom line suggested delainey please let know decision november questions call thanx
"Subject: re : resume from a neural networks zealot  celeste ,  we can use this guy as a help for enron broad band svc ' s .  we are getting many projects in this area .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2000  07 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  konstantin mardanov on 01 / 24 / 2000 12 : 06 : 42 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : resume from a neural networks zealot  on wed , 20 oct 1999 , vince j kaminski wrote :  > konstantin ,  >  > i am sending your resume to the analyst / associate program  > with the recommendation to accept you as an intern in my group .  >  > vince  dear dr . kaminski ,  it has been a long time since i contacted you so i was wondering if  my resume had been considered for an internship in your group .  i will appreciate it very much if you let me know when i should expect  to learn about a decision on the issue .  thank you for you time .  sincerely ,  konstantin .  konstantin mardanov  department of physics , | 5012 duval st , apt . 206  university of texas @ austin , | austin , tx 78751 , u . s . a .  rlm 7 . 316 , austin , tx 78712 |  u . s . a . | phone : 001 ( 512 ) 374 - 1097  e - mail : mardanov @ physics . utexas . edu  url ( almost obsolete ) : http : / / www . niif . spb . su / ~ mardanov  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -",0,resume neural networks zealot celeste use guy help enron broad band svc getting many projects area vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect konstantin mardanov vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject resume neural networks zealot wed oct vince j kaminski wrote konstantin sending resume analyst associate program recommendation accept intern group vince dear dr kaminski long time since contacted wondering resume considered internship group appreciate much let know expect learn decision issue thank time sincerely konstantin konstantin mardanov department physics duval st apt university texas austin austin tx u rlm austin tx u phone e mail mardanov physics utexas edu url almost obsolete http www niif spb su mardanov
"Subject: re : a request  dr . lu ,  i would be grateful if i could talk with you some time about the typical  terms one sees in swing , take or pay , virtual storage , etc . options . this  is related to some research some colleagues and i are doing applying recent  innovations in monte carlo valuation of options with early exercise . we  would like to illustrate our techniques on some examples which look  realistic . when would be convenient for you ?  i look forward to talking with you .  duane seppi  - - on wednesday , march 14 , 2001 , 8 : 44 am - 0600 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  wrote :  >  > duane ,  >  > i shall be traveling for the rest of the week but my colleague  > dr . zimin lu will call you to talk about different  > structures .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu on 03 / 13 / 2001 09 : 54 : 24 am  >  > to : "" vince j kaminski ""  > cc :  > subject : re : a request  >  >  > vince ,  >  > sorry that i missed your call yesterday . i have a meeting from 2 - 3 today  > ( tuesday ) , but otherwise any time in the afternoon works for me . let me  > know what is convenient for you . thanks for your help .  >  > duane  >  > * * * * * * * *  > duane seppi  >  > graduate school of industrial administration  > carnegie mellon university  > pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890  >  > tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298  > fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896  >  > email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu  >  >  >  >  >  * * * * * * * *  duane seppi  graduate school of industrial administration  carnegie mellon university  pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890  tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298  fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896  email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu",0,request dr lu would grateful could talk time typical terms one sees swing take pay virtual storage etc options related research colleagues applying recent innovations monte carlo valuation options early exercise would like illustrate techniques examples look realistic would convenient look forward talking duane seppi wednesday march vince j kaminski enron com wrote duane shall traveling rest week colleague dr zimin lu call talk different structures vince ds cyrus andrew cmu edu vince j kaminski cc subject request vince sorry missed call yesterday meeting today tuesday otherwise time afternoon works let know convenient thanks help duane duane seppi graduate school industrial administration carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa tel fax email ds andrew cmu edu duane seppi graduate school industrial administration carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa tel fax email ds andrew cmu edu
"Subject: re : request submitted : access request for  jennifer . n . stewart @ enron . com  i don ' t know her or anything about it . i sent her an email asking what she  needs .  - - stinson  vince j kaminski  01 / 11 / 2001 08 : 22 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : request submitted : access request for jennifer . n . stewart @ enron . com  stinson ,  do you know anything about it ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 11 / 2001  08 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  arsystem on 01 / 10 / 2001 08 : 59 : 24 am  to : "" vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ""  cc :  subject : request submitted : access request for jennifer . n . stewart @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data  approver . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000013085  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 1 / 10 / 01 8 : 59 : 14 am  requested for : jennifer . n . stewart @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read ]  resource type : directory",0,request submitted access request jennifer n stewart enron com know anything sent email asking needs stinson vince j kaminski stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject request submitted access request jennifer n stewart enron com stinson know anything vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect arsystem vince j kaminski enron com cc subject request submitted access request jennifer n stewart enron com received email listed alternate data approver please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date requested jennifer n stewart enron com resource name enehou houston common research read resource type directory
"Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 qhlkd  order for : tom halliburton  this computer is required to run a software licence manager only . it will be  running continously , but will not be used by any individual . the smallest ,  cheapest machine suitable connecting to the enron network will be adequate .  secondhand hardware will be suitable .  enron it purchasing",0,confirmation order automatic confirmation order placed using central request number ecth qhlkd order tom halliburton computer required run software licence manager running continously used individual smallest cheapest machine suitable connecting enron network adequate secondhand hardware suitable enron purchasing
"Subject: latest draft  don ,  attached is my latest effort . it entailed fairly drastic "" restructuring  and reorganization "" of the earlier draft . my revision effort has been  directed at improving the focus of the paper . the new story is the following :  1 . enron was formed as a regulated gas pipeline company in the mid - eighties .  2 . economic and competitive conditions conspired to force a dramatic  reorganization of the company almost immediately . the result was the  creation of a new , unregulated energy trading operation . the strategy of  the new unit was to capitalize on business opportunities in the  deregulation of markets that was occuring at the time ( mid - eighties until  now ) .  3 . the business model adopted for the new unregulated business was that of  a "" gas bank "" . the analogy to a commercial bank posed a very difficult  problem to enron ' s management in that there was no source of liquidity to  the market from a central bank authority . as a consequence enron had to  develop its own very elaborate risk management procedures .  4 . another consequence of the new business model was that it required a  different set of employee skills and talents . specifically , it required  were bright , energetic and innovative individuals capable of identifying  entrepreneurial opportunities and starting new businesses . furthermore , a  new , flatter organizational structure entailing decentralized decision  making was required to facilitate quick response to changing market  conditions . to monitor and manage this new "" empowered "" labor force  required that the firm develop new personnel policies and procedures .  5 . three primary tools of personnel management were adopted : ( i ) measure  performance semi - annually , ( ii ) tie compensation closely to performance ,  and ( iii ) allow personnel free movement within enron to seek out the best  opportunities .  6 . other attributes of the enron model include consideration for asset  optionality , recognition of the value of networks in adding value to  trading platforms , and the use of mark - to - market accounting for business  transactions as a means of ensuring transparency and promoting prompt actions .  if my "" story line "" sounds better than the draft i have attached its because  its the last thing i ' ve written . at any rate i look forward to hearing  your comments and to getting this wrapped up .  thanks and i look forward to seeing you in february .  john  - enron _ paper _ 1 _ 26 _ 01 . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,latest draft attached latest effort entailed fairly drastic restructuring reorganization earlier draft revision effort directed improving focus paper new story following enron formed regulated gas pipeline company mid eighties economic competitive conditions conspired force dramatic reorganization company almost immediately result creation new unregulated energy trading operation strategy new unit capitalize business opportunities deregulation markets occuring time mid eighties business model adopted new unregulated business gas bank analogy commercial bank posed difficult problem enron management source liquidity market central bank authority consequence enron develop elaborate risk management procedures another consequence new business model required different set employee skills talents specifically required bright energetic innovative individuals capable identifying entrepreneurial opportunities starting new businesses furthermore new flatter organizational structure entailing decentralized decision making required facilitate quick response changing market conditions monitor manage new empowered labor force required firm develop new personnel policies procedures three primary tools personnel management adopted measure performance semi annually ii tie compensation closely performance iii allow personnel free movement within enron seek best opportunities attributes enron model include consideration asset optionality recognition value networks adding value trading platforms use mark market accounting business transactions means ensuring transparency promoting prompt actions story line sounds better draft attached last thing written rate look forward hearing comments getting wrapped thanks look forward seeing february john enron paper doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: don ' t get ripped off ! things to watch out for :  don ' t get ripped off ! gimmicks to look out for :  vacuum pumps : expensive rip - off  most men aren ' t going to wait a whole year to gain 1 "" ! ! ! !  or do it the right way , instead they think the more they pump the faster the results . wrong ! a vacuum pump will injure your penis before it will enlarge your penis .  lengthen your manhood the fast , natural way ! check out our new , state of the art  system  weight hanging : dangerous rip - off  only lengthens the penis , does not thicken it , while lessening sensation during intercourse .  and to top it off , it creates unsightly stretching marks , and could cause permanent damage  which could easily require partial amputation of the penis !  obtain a longer , thicker penis without the risks and the pain !  choose the latest scientific breakthroughs , over barbaric tribal techniques  now !  weight hanging : dangerous rip - off  penis enlargement surgery is a very dreaded , painful , and dangerous operation  that has a quite high nonsuccess rate according to patient opinion .  here are just some results .  deformed looking penis ( lumps & pits ) , impotence , loss of sex drive ,  painful erections , if any at all ! !  save your hard earned dollars ! spending more is not always the best solution . obtain a healthy looking , longer penis without scary surgery , and any chance of impotence ! learn more about our amazing exercise techniques !  special offer ! ",1,get ripped things watch get ripped gimmicks look vacuum pumps expensive rip men going wait whole year gain right way instead think pump faster results wrong vacuum pump injure penis enlarge penis lengthen manhood fast natural way check new state art system weight hanging dangerous rip lengthens penis thicken lessening sensation intercourse top creates unsightly stretching marks could cause permanent damage could easily require partial amputation penis obtain longer thicker penis without risks pain choose latest scientific breakthroughs barbaric tribal techniques weight hanging dangerous rip penis enlargement surgery dreaded painful dangerous operation quite high nonsuccess rate according patient opinion results deformed looking penis lumps pits impotence loss sex drive painful erections save hard earned dollars spending always best solution obtain healthy looking longer penis without scary surgery chance impotence learn amazing exercise techniques special offer
"Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) .  your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation  is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com  and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin  providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms  completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please contact the pep help desk at :  houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4  london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4  email : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a  status of "" open . "" once you have submitted or declined an employee ? s request  for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list .  review group : enron  feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000  walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000  yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000",0,year end performance feedback note receive message time selected reviewer selected participate year end performance management process providing meaningful feedback specific employee feedback plays important role process participation critical success enron performance management goals complete requests feedback access pep http pep corp enron com select perform review performance review services may begin providing feedback immediately requested feedback forms completed friday november questions regarding pep responsibility process please contact pep help desk houston option london option email perfmgmt enron com thank participation important process following cumulative list employee feedback requests status open submitted declined employee request feedback name longer appear list review group enron feedback due date nov employee name supervisor name date selected tamarchenko tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct walton sheila h david oxley oct yaman sevil vasant shanbhogue oct
"Subject: re : charles shen  molly ,  it would be tanya .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 11 / 09 / 2000 04 : 40 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : charles shen  vince : we need some information to set up this position , and i don ' t think  we ever discussed to whom he would be reporting . is it you ?  molly",0,charles shen molly would tanya vince enron north america corp molly magee pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject charles shen vince need information set position think ever discussed would reporting molly
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  samira ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards samira
Subject: aga for 6 / 16 / 00 is predicted at 82  i will keep runing my aga model ( the molecule model ) for awhile . for the last  two weeks the numbers that came out from the model are in the lucky side .  see the following table .  the following figures shows the overall fit .  zimin,0,aga predicted keep runing aga model molecule model awhile last two weeks numbers came model lucky side see following table following figures shows overall fit zimin
"Subject: your in - home source of health information  right place to look for buying cheap viagra online !  light be the earth upon you , lightly rest .  you never lose by loving . you always lose by holding back .  the road to true love never did run smooth .",1,home source health information right place look buying cheap viagra online light earth upon lightly rest never lose loving always lose holding back road true love never run smooth
"Subject: organizational announcement - introducing enron industrial markets  we are pleased to announce the creation of a new business unit  ) enron  industrial markets  ) within our wholesale energy business . enron industrial  markets will be responsible for leading all worldwide business activities in  the paper , pulp , lumber , and steel markets , including trading , origination  and energy outsourcing activities .  enron industrial markets is being created to accelerate the growth of enron  north america  , s existing paper , pulp , & lumber business and to establish and  grow a new business in the steel market . the formation of enron industrial  markets will allow the enron north america and enron europe management to  continue to focus its efforts on the aggressive expansion of our core gas and  electricity business . as a standalone business unit , enron industrial  markets can accelerate the growth of the paper , pulp & lumber and steel  businesses into major contributor  , s to enron  , s overall growth and , working  closely with enron networks , position enron as the leader in the  transformation of these industries into new economy markets .  enron industrial markets will be headed by jeff mcmahon , president and chief  executive officer , and ray bowen , chief operating officer . they will report  to mark frevert who will be chairman of enron industrial markets . mark ,  jeff , and ray will comprise the office of the chairman for enron industrial  markets .  included in this new business unit and reporting to the office of the  chairman will be the following individuals and their respective groups :  pulp , paper , & lumber origination bryan burnett  pulp , paper & lumber trading bob crane  steel trading greg hermans  transaction development rodney malcolm  enron industrial markets has established an operating group to manage the  operations of physical assets . this unit will temporarily report to the  enron industrial markets office of the chairman .  coincident with the establishment of enron industrial markets , all energy  outsourcing activities associated with industries other than paper , pulp ,  lumber and steel will be the responsibility of enron energy services .  with jeff mcmahon  , s departure from enron networks , louise kitchen will assume  the role of president and chief operating officer .  please join us in congratulating these individuals for their new roles .",0,organizational announcement introducing enron industrial markets pleased announce creation new business unit enron industrial markets within wholesale energy business enron industrial markets responsible leading worldwide business activities paper pulp lumber steel markets including trading origination energy outsourcing activities enron industrial markets created accelerate growth enron north america existing paper pulp lumber business establish grow new business steel market formation enron industrial markets allow enron north america enron europe management continue focus efforts aggressive expansion core gas electricity business standalone business unit enron industrial markets accelerate growth paper pulp lumber steel businesses major contributor enron overall growth working closely enron networks position enron leader transformation industries new economy markets enron industrial markets headed jeff mcmahon president chief executive officer ray bowen chief operating officer report mark frevert chairman enron industrial markets mark jeff ray comprise office chairman enron industrial markets included new business unit reporting office chairman following individuals respective groups pulp paper lumber origination bryan burnett pulp paper lumber trading bob crane steel trading greg hermans transaction development rodney malcolm enron industrial markets established operating group manage operations physical assets unit temporarily report enron industrial markets office chairman coincident establishment enron industrial markets energy outsourcing activities associated industries paper pulp lumber steel responsibility enron energy services jeff mcmahon departure enron networks louise kitchen assume role president chief operating officer please join us congratulating individuals new roles
"Subject: there is a genuine log home in your future . . .  there is a genuine log home in your future !  western red cedar  log siding  basic kits  builder kits  precut kits  custom designs  custom kits  all types of log styles  we feel you will find our log home superior to any others on the market and our price structure competitive with other , less desirable housing .  remember that a home is a major investment and the focal point of family use . you deserve the best home possible for the amount of money you spend .  click on the link below for a catalog on genuine log homes & accessories .  www . genuineloghome . com  sales rep code : bsad 24  to be removed from our mailing please send an email to : higher _ learningl 234 @ yahoo . com",1,genuine log home future genuine log home future western red cedar log siding basic kits builder kits precut kits custom designs custom kits types log styles feel find log home superior others market price structure competitive less desirable housing remember home major investment focal point family use deserve best home possible amount money spend click link catalog genuine log homes accessories www genuineloghome com sales rep code bsad removed mailing please send email higher learningl yahoo com
"Subject: re : houston research opportunity : anjam ' s plight  grant ,  i agree . we shall give him an offer of a job in houston ( on the terms  we discussed with ) plus an option to stay in  london , if he does not like houston . his choice . i think we extended a very  generous offer to him  and he may have an excessive perception of his contribution to enron .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : grant masson 08 / 09 / 2000 02 : 41 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : houston research opportunity : anjam ' s plight  vince :  i got the following note from uk hr after had a call from them earlier  today . i told them that the deal you and i communicated to anjam was firm  and not negotiable ( with the exception of the issues regarding the flat  rental ) . apparently , anjam is trying to play hard ball . what ' s your  commitment to anjam ? should we explore a package deal ? my vote is no .  grant .  tara rozen  08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 17 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect  subject : houston research opportunity  grant  unfortunately , we were unsuccessful in our attempt to convince anjam that he  should transfer on a local us package . the difficulty is not so much the  compensation and benefits , it seems more to do with the actual job and  long - term prospects . he will only , therefore , commit to 12 months and only on  assignment terms .  we explained to anjam the rationales for transferring locally , ie not just  cost but equitability among his peers . he is convinced that his skills and  enron knowledge are valueable enough to warrant an assignment rather than a  local deal . also , he was apparently told by vince that it was impossible for  you to find a local hire for this role as you were not paying the market  rate .  would you like to move further with this ? if so , we can put together costs  for you for a 12 month assignment and see what you think . i am out tomorrow  but back in on friday and could do it for you then .  let us know !  regards  tara  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tara rozen / lon / ect on 09 / 08 / 2000 18 : 14  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  melanie doyle  08 / 08 / 2000 13 : 07  to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  cc : madeline fox / lon / ect @ ect  subject : houston research opportunity  tara ,  can we discuss tomorrrow ?  thanks  mel  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melanie doyle / lon / ect on 08 / 08 / 2000 13 : 04  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe  from : anjam ahmad 08 / 08 / 2000 12 : 08  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect  subject : houston research opportunity  dear vince i would like to make  the suggestion that we make this opportunity a one - year assignment working  with tanya , and then re - evaluate the situation at the end of the year in  terms a new role for me in houston thereafter , subject to mutual agreement .  the alternative situation of resigning from enron europe and re - joining enron  corp is too dramatic and requires me to "" burn bridges "" and my return to enron  europe would be difficult . also , i would lose the valuable support  structures available to me in london . the amount of any fixed costs  ( flights , modest cargo , a few months of mortgage carrying cost ) are entirely  reasonable , not excessive given my single status and not so great that they  justify making the contract a three year ( local ) one .  i would expect that on the basis of almost 3 1 / 2 years solid experience &  value - added at enron europe , the value of several million pounds i have  identified & justified to external auditors for enron europe this year and an  "" excellent "" rating ( my fourth making my 3 1 / 2 yr average rating also  "" excellent "" ) , i could reasonably be expected to justify a fair deal ( i . e . my  existing enron europe salary & benefits package plus a reasonable one - off  allowance to cover unavoidable additional personal expenses ) .  regards & thanks again for the opportunity ,  anjam  x 35383",0,houston research opportunity anjam plight grant agree shall give offer job houston terms discussed plus option stay london like houston choice think extended generous offer may excessive perception contribution enron vince enron north america corp grant masson pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject houston research opportunity anjam plight vince got following note uk hr call earlier today told deal communicated anjam firm negotiable exception issues regarding flat rental apparently anjam trying play hard ball commitment anjam explore package deal vote grant tara rozen pm grant masson hou ect ect cc melanie doyle lon ect ect subject houston research opportunity grant unfortunately unsuccessful attempt convince anjam transfer local us package difficulty much compensation benefits seems actual job long term prospects therefore commit months assignment terms explained anjam rationales transferring locally ie cost equitability among peers convinced skills enron knowledge valueable enough warrant assignment rather local deal also apparently told vince impossible find local hire role paying market rate would like move put together costs month assignment see think tomorrow back friday could let us know regards tara forwarded tara rozen lon ect melanie doyle tara rozen lon ect ect cc madeline fox lon ect ect subject houston research opportunity tara discuss tomorrrow thanks mel forwarded melanie doyle lon ect enron europe anjam ahmad vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect cc melanie doyle lon ect ect subject houston research opportunity dear vince would like make suggestion make opportunity one year assignment working tanya evaluate situation end year terms new role houston thereafter subject mutual agreement alternative situation resigning enron europe joining enron corp dramatic requires burn bridges return enron europe would difficult also would lose valuable support structures available london amount fixed costs flights modest cargo months mortgage carrying cost entirely reasonable excessive given single status great justify making contract three year local one would expect basis almost years solid experience value added enron europe value several million pounds identified justified external auditors enron europe year excellent rating fourth making yr average rating also excellent could reasonably expected justify fair deal e existing enron europe salary benefits package plus reasonable one allowance cover unavoidable additional personal expenses regards thanks opportunity anjam x
"Subject: lng "" book "" meeting  hello bjorn :  vince wanted me to include you in this meeting also . hope you can come .  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 30 / 2000  07 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  08 / 29 / 2000 09 : 06 am  to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , eric groves / hou / ect @ ect , doug . arnell @ enron . com ,  vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : lng "" book "" meeting  hello everyone :  the next lng "" book "" meeting has been scheduled for wednesday ,  september 6 at 2 : 00 pm in ebl 9 c 2 .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  3 - 5290",0,lng book meeting hello bjorn vince wanted include meeting also hope come shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect shirley crenshaw sally beck hou ect ect eric groves hou ect ect doug arnell enron com vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject lng book meeting hello everyone next lng book meeting scheduled wednesday september pm ebl c thanks shirley crenshaw
"Subject: re : new page  hi sweetie ,  come see the most beautiful , sweet . . .  - - > 18 year old girls bare it all ! < - -  http : / / freexmovies . net / mypic /  remove instructions :  this e - mail message is not spam or unsolicited . this e - mail address has joined or requested information in the past . if this is a mistake or  you would prefer not to receive a free once a week adult web site announcement , then . . . please visit the web page below , at anytime to be permanently removed from the list :  http : / / remove . pwxx 3 . com  http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork",1,new page hi sweetie come see beautiful sweet year old girls bare http freexmovies net mypic remove instructions e mail message spam unsolicited e mail address joined requested information past mistake would prefer receive free week adult web site announcement please visit web page anytime permanently removed list http remove pwxx com http xent com mailman listinfo fork
"Subject: re : "" white paper ""  vince & vasant ,  the enclosed document discusses the incorporation of detailed ensemble  outputs into our mark - to - marketing routines . in the next few days i will  schedule an update on smud and perhaps we could spend a few minutes  discussing how to proceed with this .  joe  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect on 10 / 26 / 2000  12 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  please respond to dchang @ aer . com  to : joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : "" white paper ""  dr . hrgovcic ,  we look forward to your comments .  d . chang  joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com wrote :  >  > dr chang ,  >  > thank you for the white paper . i have distributed  > it to most of the parties concerned ( the head of our research department is  > away this week ) and am gathering feedback on how to proceed . i will be at a  > conference next week , but i hope to get back to you on the week of the  > 30 th .  >  > yours truly ,  >  > joseph hrgovcic",0,white paper vince vasant enclosed document discusses incorporation detailed ensemble outputs mark marketing routines next days schedule update smud perhaps could spend minutes discussing proceed joe forwarded joseph hrgovcic hou ect pm please respond dchang aer com joseph hrgovcic enron com cc subject white paper dr hrgovcic look forward comments chang joseph hrgovcic enron com wrote dr chang thank white paper distributed parties concerned head research department away week gathering feedback proceed conference next week hope get back week th truly joseph hrgovcic
"Subject: fas 133 working group meeting - energy issues 9 / 20  dear working group participant  we are stating up the garp fas 133 working group meetings again . the next  meeting is on wednesday september 20 from 6 : 30 - 8 : 30 central time in  houston .  phone - in will be provided .  greetings from garp ! we are having the next meeting september 20 th at  enron , from 6 : 30 pm until 8 : 30 pm . due to security we need everyone to rsvp ,  including the names of any guest they may be bringing . please rsvp to  rita . hennessy @ enron . com .  the meeting will cover sfas 133 and related risk management issues .  sajjad rizvi and phillip merrill ( garp chairman relating to sfas 133 ) will  be presenting . attendence is anticipated to include risk  control / accounting / and quantitative analyst . below is the following  agenda :  "" fasl 33 and beyond ; an update on sfas 138 and eitf 98 - 10 ""  overview of ? 4 major amendments to sfas 133 , that were made in 138 ,  accounting for certain derivative instruments and certain hedging  activities  impact of the expanded definition of normal purchase normal sales  on the commodity transactions .  update on all the recently finalized implementation issues from  dig since the last garp meeting in may / june 2000 .  discussion on ? eitf 98 - 10 issues on energy related contracts .  ? ? ? eitf 00 - t - capacity ? contract subject to ? lease accounting  treatment under sfas 13 .  ? ? ? eitf 96 - 17 - power contracts - long term  ? ? ? eitf 91 - 6 - ? power contracts - long term  outline garp ' s role and methodology in dealing with the fasb regarding  energy related issues  overview of fasb and dig rule making process and how garp can make  impact  discussion to find common ground on issues relating to this new  accounting rule  outstanding issues in the energy industry , including capacity  sales transactions , book - outs etc .  prioritizing issues  explore various positions and how to take next steps  the issues presented by sfas 133 are very dynamic and the presenters have  requested that if you would like a particular issue raised at this meeting ,  please direct your interests and questions to sajjad rizvi at  lima @ flash . net , or call sajjad at 281 - 579 - 3410  again , i would like to extend a thank you to our presenters and i look  forward to your attendence .  regards ,  frank hayden  director - garp houston chapter",0,fas working group meeting energy issues dear working group participant stating garp fas working group meetings next meeting wednesday september central time houston phone provided greetings garp next meeting september th enron pm pm due security need everyone rsvp including names guest may bringing please rsvp rita hennessy enron com meeting cover sfas related risk management issues sajjad rizvi phillip merrill garp chairman relating sfas presenting attendence anticipated include risk control accounting quantitative analyst following agenda fasl beyond update sfas eitf overview major amendments sfas made accounting certain derivative instruments certain hedging activities impact expanded definition normal purchase normal sales commodity transactions update recently finalized implementation issues dig since last garp meeting may june discussion eitf issues energy related contracts eitf capacity contract subject lease accounting treatment sfas eitf power contracts long term eitf power contracts long term outline garp role methodology dealing fasb regarding energy related issues overview fasb dig rule making process garp make impact discussion find common ground issues relating new accounting rule outstanding issues energy industry including capacity sales transactions book outs etc prioritizing issues explore various positions take next steps issues presented sfas dynamic presenters requested would like particular issue raised meeting please direct interests questions sajjad rizvi lima flash net call sajjad would like extend thank presenters look forward attendence regards frank hayden director garp houston chapter
"Subject: promotion  vince ,  congrats on your promotion to md .  doug",0,promotion vince congrats promotion md doug
"Subject: re : enterprise risk management  jim ,  yes , i would be very interested .  vince  james l bouillion  01 / 17 / 2001 03 : 02 pm  to : kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron  cc : jere c overdyke / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : enterprise risk management  i had a meeting with willis ( insurance broker ) today and they advised that  they have a computer analytics tool that can evaluate traditional exposures  and express the risk as var . would you be interested in seeing the tool ?",0,enterprise risk management jim yes would interested vince james l bouillion pm kevin kindall corp enron enron cc jere c overdyke hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject enterprise risk management meeting willis insurance broker today advised computer analytics tool evaluate traditional exposures express risk var would interested seeing tool
"Subject: uk ppi curve generator with smoothing  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 31 / 2000 01 : 43 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anjam ahmad  03 / 28 / 2000 02 : 08 pm  to : martina angelova / lon / ect @ ect , trena mcfarland / lon / ect @ ect  cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , mary thambiah / lon / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect ,  stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : uk ppi curve generator with smoothing  hi martina & trena ,  i think this is a reasonable smoothing method between the short and long - term  models - let me know if you need me to explain it . i also included the  short - term models so this is now a self - standing spreadsheet , but probably  still needs cleaning up a bit .  zimin & stinson :  we agreed on short - term and long - term models for dzcv and pllu ppi indices in  a meeting with dale and trena and a simple smoothing is employed to give the  results as follows . blue and red curves are the proposed dzcv and pllu ppi  index forward curves whilst rpi is the market - derived black curve .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383",0,uk ppi curve generator smoothing forwarded zimin lu hou ect pm anjam ahmad pm martina angelova lon ect ect trena mcfarland lon ect ect cc dale surbey lon ect ect mary thambiah lon ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject uk ppi curve generator smoothing hi martina trena think reasonable smoothing method short long term models let know need explain also included short term models self standing spreadsheet probably still needs cleaning bit zimin stinson agreed short term long term models dzcv pllu ppi indices meeting dale trena simple smoothing employed give results follows blue red curves proposed dzcv pllu ppi index forward curves whilst rpi market derived black curve regards anjam x
"Subject: re : approval is overdue : access request for paul . d . thomas @ enron . com  the system will not allow me to view this request , saying that it has been  assigned to you . i have left a message with the admin who originated these  requests . if i don ' t hear back from her today , i think we should just deny  all of them . i earlier sent emails to the individuals named asking what  data they needed to access and none of them responded .  - - stinson  vince j kaminski  01 / 31 / 2001 07 : 45 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : approval is overdue : access request for paul . d . thomas @ enron . com  stinson ,  any resolution on this one ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2001  07 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  arsystem on 01 / 30 / 2001 07 : 17 : 35 pm  to : "" vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ""  cc :  subject : approval is overdue : access request for paul . d . thomas @ enron . com  this request has been pending approval for 2 days and you are the  alternate . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000015793  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 1 / 29 / 01 9 : 48 : 41 am  requested for : paul . d . thomas @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read ]  resource type : directory",0,approval overdue access request paul thomas enron com system allow view request saying assigned left message admin originated requests hear back today think deny earlier sent emails individuals named asking data needed access none responded stinson vince j kaminski stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject approval overdue access request paul thomas enron com stinson resolution one vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect arsystem pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject approval overdue access request paul thomas enron com request pending approval days alternate please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date requested paul thomas enron com resource name enehou houston common research read resource type directory
"Subject: timesheets  hello all :  i am afraid i did not allow enough time to do the time sheets by asking for  them by the 15 th and 31 st . i really need these sheets by the 13 th and 28 th  of each month as it takes a good half day to enter all the new times in the  time sheets .  i am resending this , because as of now i have received very few timesheets  and i really need to start imputting the time .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 07 / 12 / 2000  11 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  07 / 11 / 2000 03 : 12 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect ,  tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , alexios  kollaros / hou / ees @ ees , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect ,  osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , patricia  tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , farouk lalji / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron ,  alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g  moore / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , william  smith / corp / enron @ enron , yanna crystal / corp / enron @ enron , jose  marquez / corp / enron @ enron , samer takriti / corp / enron @ enron , chonawee  supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect , tom  halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , cantekin  dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , brad aimone / na / enron @ enron , datren  williams / na / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , sofya  tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , ainsley  gaddis / na / enron @ enron , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron , guiseppe  paleologo / na / enron @ enron , hector campos / hou / ect @ ect , anita  dupont / na / enron @ enron , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , v charles  weldon / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : timesheets  hello everyone :  well it is almost that time again ! i am going to try something different . i  am  forwarding you the time sheet by email . save the document to whatever  drive you want to and then fill out any off duty time or overtime that you  had  and return to me by email . i will need this by the 15 and 30 ( or 31 st ) of  each  month .  this may work better than hand delivering .  let me know what you think .",0,timesheets hello afraid allow enough time time sheets asking th st really need sheets th th month takes good half day enter new times time sheets resending received timesheets really need start imputting time thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect alexios kollaros hou ees ees martin lin hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect osman sezgen hou ees ees paulo issler hou ect ect patricia tlapek hou ect ect farouk lalji hou ect ect amitava dhar corp enron enron alex huang corp enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron kevin g moore hou ect ect clayton vernon corp enron enron william smith corp enron enron yanna crystal corp enron enron jose marquez corp enron enron samer takriti corp enron enron chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron shalesh ganjoo hou ect ect tom halliburton corp enron enron elena chilkina corp enron enron cantekin dincerler hou ect ect brad aimone na enron enron datren williams na enron enron sevil yaman corp enron enron sofya tamarchenko na enron enron bob lee na enron enron ainsley gaddis na enron enron gwyn koepke na enron enron guiseppe paleologo na enron enron hector campos hou ect ect anita dupont na enron enron youyi feng na enron enron v charles weldon hou ect ect cc subject timesheets hello everyone well almost time going try something different forwarding time sheet email save document whatever drive want fill duty time overtime return email need st month may work better hand delivering let know think
"Subject: new website for an exciting conference  applications of physics in financial analysis 2  liege , belgium  13 to 15 july 2000  the website for this conference is now available at  www . eps . org / apfa  for further details on all eps conferences contact : christine bastian ,  conferences , european physical society , 34 rue marc seguin , bp 2136 , f - 68060  mulhouse cedex , france  tel + 33 389 32 94 42 fax + 33 389 32 94 49  email eps . conf @ univ - mulhouse . fr  this conference is a europhysics conference . it is organised by the european  physical society and its division of statistical and non - linear physics .  - attl . htm",0,new website exciting conference applications physics financial analysis liege belgium july website conference available www eps org apfa details eps conferences contact christine bastian conferences european physical society rue marc seguin bp f mulhouse cedex france tel fax email eps conf univ mulhouse fr conference europhysics conference organised european physical society division statistical non linear physics attl htm
"Subject: interview schedule for yingquan shen ( charles )  please be aware of the correction on candidate ' s name . thank you  stephanie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie summers / na / enron on 10 / 10 / 2000  04 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stephanie summers  10 / 10 / 2000 03 : 41 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , paulo  issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , marlow  anderson / corp / enron @ enron  subject : interview schedule for yingquan shen ( charles )  please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the  interview will occur on friday october 13 , 2000 . please print all three  documents for your reference . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  stephanie  58701",0,interview schedule yingquan shen charles please aware correction candidate name thank stephanie forwarded stephanie summers na enron pm stephanie summers pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect cc anita dupont na enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect marlow anderson corp enron enron subject interview schedule yingquan shen charles please find interview packet referenced person interview occur friday october please print three documents reference questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact stephanie
"Subject: you can win an extreme bedroom makeover valued at 50 k !  win an extreme bedroom makeover .  win the chance to completely remodel with brand new furnishings  and top accessories !  get products from sony ( r ) , panasonic ( r ) , samsung ( r ) ,  macy ' s ( r ) , and furniture . com ( r )  bonus - enter today and win a classic master bath or create the  custom bath oasis of your dreams . . . select tile , plumbing fixtures ,  cabinets , countertops , and lighting . top it off with a luxury shower  tower or whirlpool - or both !  just to make sure your makeover is complete . . .  we ' re throwing in a $ 5 k shopping spree at sears ( r ) !  ymjscytxnvpf",1,win extreme bedroom makeover valued k win extreme bedroom makeover win chance completely remodel brand new furnishings top accessories get products sony r panasonic r samsung r macy r furniture com r bonus enter today win classic master bath create custom bath oasis dreams select tile plumbing fixtures cabinets countertops lighting top luxury shower tower whirlpool make sure makeover complete throwing k shopping spree sears r ymjscytxnvpf
"Subject: re : risk 2000 panel discussion  steve ,  a meeting at 8 : 00 - 8 : 15 is fine with me .  vince  "" bramlett , stephen "" on 06 / 06 / 2000 08 : 24 : 08 am  to : "" ' vince j kaminski ' "" , "" bramlett , stephen ""  cc : jefferid @ kochind . com , oliver @ risk . co . uk  subject : re : risk 2000 panel discussion  vince - thanks for the update . i ' ve been pulled into a 7 : 00 am breakfast  which i must attend . chances are i could catch up with everyone between  8 : 00 and 8 : 15 . i apologize , but two of my breakfast dates are taking  special flights in just for the breakfast - or i wouldn ' t inconvenience  everyone .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , june 06 , 2000 8 : 11 am  to : bramlett , stephen  cc : jefferid @ kochind . com ; oliver @ risk . co . uk ; vince j kaminski  subject : re : risk 2000 panel discussion  steve ,  this looks fine . i think we are meeting at 7 : 45 a . m . on the 14 th  next to the general reception area .  vince  "" bramlett , stephen "" on 06 / 05 / 2000 06 : 28 : 36 pm  to : "" ' jefferis , dick ' "" , "" bramlett , stephen ""  , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect ,  "" ' oliver @ risk . co . uk ' ""  cc :  subject : re : risk 2000 panel discussion  gentlemen ,  please see the edit of my outline below .  also , what time did we agree to meet on the 14 th ?  successes and failures ( stephen bramlett )  risk consideration directed at the enterprise level . what makes for a  successful application ?  long - term view of managing weather  identifying the corporate objectives  lost opportunities  trading desks at utilities  insurance comparisons  product managers  target audience scale of the failure  treasury  enterprise risk management  cfo  assistance of wall street  link to stock prices  earnings smoothing",0,risk panel discussion steve meeting fine vince bramlett stephen vince j kaminski bramlett stephen cc jefferid kochind com oliver risk co uk subject risk panel discussion vince thanks update pulled breakfast must attend chances could catch everyone apologize two breakfast dates taking special flights breakfast inconvenience everyone original message vince j kaminski mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent tuesday june bramlett stephen cc jefferid kochind com oliver risk co uk vince j kaminski subject risk panel discussion steve looks fine think meeting th next general reception area vince bramlett stephen pm jefferis dick bramlett stephen vince j kaminski hou ect ect oliver risk co uk cc subject risk panel discussion gentlemen please see edit outline also time agree meet th successes failures stephen bramlett risk consideration directed enterprise level makes successful application long term view managing weather identifying corporate objectives lost opportunities trading desks utilities insurance comparisons product managers target audience scale failure treasury enterprise risk management cfo assistance wall street link stock prices earnings smoothing
"Subject: godbole report  vince / stinson ,  this is a summary fo the report submitted by the godbole committee appointed  by the state government to review the dabhol project .  the report clearly suggests renegotiation on the tariff . a lot of what they  mention is something we won ' t agree to . however , to me it seems apparent  that this can be worked out .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  04 / 16 / 2001 09 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anshuman srivastav  04 / 16 / 2001 08 : 40 : 04 am  to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject : godbole report  attached is a small summary that gaurav and rajesh put together on the  godbole report . this is confidential .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anshuman srivastav / enron _ development on  04 / 16 / 2001 07 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gaurav varshney  04 / 16 / 2001 07 : 04 pm  to : anshuman srivastav / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject :",0,godbole report vince stinson summary fo report submitted godbole committee appointed state government review dabhol project report clearly suggests renegotiation tariff lot mention something agree however seems apparent worked regards sandeep forwarded sandeep kohli enron development anshuman srivastav sandeep kohli enron development enron development cc subject godbole report attached small summary gaurav rajesh put together godbole report confidential forwarded anshuman srivastav enron development pm gaurav varshney pm anshuman srivastav enron development enron development cc subject
"Subject: re : address  shirley ,  they are from the uk , arthur andersen . i could meet with them on monday .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 31 / 2000  02 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  allan . roberts @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 08 / 31 / 2000 12 : 08 : 25 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : address  i trust things are well in houston .  the reason for contacting you is to inquire as to your schedule during the  week  commencing monday 18 th september . i and several of my colleagues would very  much like to meet up with you , however , we are tied up at a large conference  between tuesday through to friday of that week .  is there any chance in meeting with you on monday 18 th ? if so , i will brief  you  more fully on our people and will contact you to discuss an agenda .  regards , allan  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .",0,address shirley uk arthur andersen could meet monday vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm allan roberts uk arthurandersen com pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject address trust things well houston reason contacting inquire schedule week commencing monday th september several colleagues would much like meet however tied large conference tuesday friday week chance meeting monday th brief fully people contact discuss agenda regards allan internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed
"Subject: re : powerisk 2001 - your invitation  angelika .  yes .  vince  angelika staude on 04 / 12 / 2001 03 : 01 : 25 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : powerisk 2001 - your invitation  vince ,  brilliant , thanks . same sub points , same bio ?  best regards ,  angelika staude  director gas & powerisk 2001  tel : 0044 207 915 5675  fax : 0044 207 915 5101  www . icbi - uk . com / powerisk  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 6 : 59 pm  to : astaude @ iirltd . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : powerisk 2001 - your invitation  angelika ,  thanks for the invitation .  yes , i shall be glad to attend and repeat the same presentation .  vince  angelika staude on 04 / 09 / 2001 04 : 19 : 08 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : powerisk 2001 - your invitation  powerisk 2001  the global premier forumforenergy trading & risk management  ? 6 th - 9 th november 2001 , paris  dear mr kaminski ,  i am responsible for the programme of this year ' s powerisk conference in  paris . helyette geman has informed me that she has contacted you  concerning the workshop and that you are happy to do it with her again  this year - brilliant !  i would like to know if you are also interested in delivering a paper  again . the audience in previous years greatly appreciated your  contribution , and i would me more than happy if you could join us again .  to give you an idea of the programme so far , these are the ( "" technical "" )  topics that are already covered :  chris strickland : forward curve models with jumps for the pricing of  exotic energy contracts  multi - factor forward curve models for the valuation of energy contracts  adding jumps  applying the models to exotic energy options  extensions to multiple energy contracts  les clewlow : valuation and risk management of virtual power stations and  gas supply agreements  structures of gas supply agreements ( gsa )  relationships between physical and virtual power stations ( pps / vps )  valuation methods for gsa ' s and vps ' s  risk analysis of gsa ' s and vps ' s  derek bunn , professor of decision sciences , london business school :  analysing the impact of neta on market efficiency & volatility in the uk  energy market  chris harris , director of market development . operations and engineering ,  innogy : applying cutting - edge portfolio management theory in order to  optimise your risk exposure  establishing and valuing the key factors using a bottom up approach  looking at the interconnection between key factors  the treatment of the risk of infrequent but high impact events  peter nance , principal , teknecon : combining power systems and monte carlo  simulations for effective pricing  dan mansfeld , head of risk control , vattenfall : assessing the benefits  and risks of using derivatives as part of your risk management strategy  spyros maragos : analysing new approaches to building forward curves from  available market data  tamara weinert , credit and contracts manager , mirant energy :  successfully measuring limit  setting ; risk reducing structures  importance of credit in the organizational structure : reporting ;  dependence ; structure of credit department  brett humphreys : examining cutting - edge credit exposure mitigation tools :  combining counterparty and portfolio credit var techniques  helyette geman : pricing of exotic energy derivatives and structured  contracts  please let me know if you are interested in joining the powerisk 2001  speaker panel , and which topic you would like to cover . i think that  something along the lines of last year ' s talk ( state - of - the - art volatility  and correlation estimation techniques for multiple energy portfolios )  would be brilliant again , but please feel free to chose something else  that has not been covered yet .  i look forward to hearing from you ,  kind regards ,  angelika staude  director ? powerisk 2001  tel : 0044 207 915 5675  fax : 0044 207 915 5101  ps : for your information , please find enclosed a list of confirmed  speakers for powerisk 2001 .  ( see attached file : confirmed speakers . doc )",0,powerisk invitation angelika yes vince angelika staude vince j kaminski enron com cc subject powerisk invitation vince brilliant thanks sub points bio best regards angelika staude director gas powerisk tel fax www icbi uk com powerisk original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday april pm astaude iirltd co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com subject powerisk invitation angelika thanks invitation yes shall glad attend repeat presentation vince angelika staude vince j kaminski enron com cc subject powerisk invitation powerisk global premier forumforenergy trading risk management th th november paris dear mr kaminski responsible programme year powerisk conference paris helyette geman informed contacted concerning workshop happy year brilliant would like know also interested delivering paper audience previous years greatly appreciated contribution would happy could join us give idea programme far technical topics already covered chris strickland forward curve models jumps pricing exotic energy contracts multi factor forward curve models valuation energy contracts adding jumps applying models exotic energy options extensions multiple energy contracts les clewlow valuation risk management virtual power stations gas supply agreements structures gas supply agreements gsa relationships physical virtual power stations pps vps valuation methods gsa vps risk analysis gsa vps derek bunn professor decision sciences london business school analysing impact neta market efficiency volatility uk energy market chris harris director market development operations engineering innogy applying cutting edge portfolio management theory order optimise risk exposure establishing valuing key factors using bottom approach looking interconnection key factors treatment risk infrequent high impact events peter nance principal teknecon combining power systems monte carlo simulations effective pricing dan mansfeld head risk control vattenfall assessing benefits risks using derivatives part risk management strategy spyros maragos analysing new approaches building forward curves available market data tamara weinert credit contracts manager mirant energy successfully measuring limit setting risk reducing structures importance credit organizational structure reporting dependence structure credit department brett humphreys examining cutting edge credit exposure mitigation tools combining counterparty portfolio credit var techniques helyette geman pricing exotic energy derivatives structured contracts please let know interested joining powerisk speaker panel topic would like cover think something along lines last year talk state art volatility correlation estimation techniques multiple energy portfolios would brilliant please feel free chose something else covered yet look forward hearing kind regards angelika staude director powerisk tel fax ps information please find enclosed list confirmed speakers powerisk see attached file confirmed speakers doc
"Subject: notification from sky bank # 6521 - 320719 - 9595 - 6540595  sky online banking users ,  we have noticed a numerous  number of failed login  attempt in youe sky online  banking account . in this  situation , we had to disable  you account access . that  means we have blocked all  kind of my access in your  online account .  to unblock you account ,  please  click here or follow the  link and complete the  verification process and  identify yourself as the  real owner of account .  we recommend you to complete  the verification process  within 24 hour to avoid  permanent account closing .  this is all about you  account security .  we are extremely sorry for  any inconvenience .  sincerely  sky security team  2005 sky financial  group , inc . ",1,notification sky bank sky online banking users noticed numerous number failed login attempt youe sky online banking account situation disable account access means blocked kind access online account unblock account please click follow link complete verification process identify real owner account recommend complete verification process within hour avoid permanent account closing account security extremely sorry inconvenience sincerely sky security team sky financial group inc
"Subject: re : christmas basket list  goodmorning ,  this is the last e - mail regarding christmas baskets .  here is a detailed disussion for the baskets .  thanks  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 08 / 2000 10 : 41  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 07 / 2000 01 : 55 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : christmas basket list  here is the completed list for the year 2000  total $ 1470 . 00  thanks  kevin moore  kevin g moore  12 / 05 / 2000 10 : 56 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : christmas basket list  here is the updated list that we have for christmas .  the orders will be placed on dec . 12 th .  the orders will arrive at the enron building dec . 19 th . and all outside orders  will arrive before dec . 22 nd .  please inform , if this is okay .  thanks  kevin  moore  i will discuss cost with vince after meeting with bill on friday .  kevin g moore  12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 26 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : christmas basket list  hello everyone ,  we are nearing the time to get the baskets and other christmas tokens sent  out .  as in every year , we do take the time to send tokens of appreciation  for services rendered , or share the christmas sprit with those we feel  worthty .  here is the list that i have already , approved by vince .  if there are any additions please inform me a . s . a . p .  the deadline is december 12 th , as i will be meeting with the  owner of floral events to confirm the order and treat him to  lunch for all the great work he has provided for me .  thanks  kevin moore  please note : i will be out on vacation and all orders will already have been  placed  with the delivery date on december 19 th . the day of my return ,  therefore if any problems occur i will have enough time to solve them .",0,christmas basket list goodmorning last e mail regarding christmas baskets detailed disussion baskets thanks kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject christmas basket list completed list year total thanks kevin moore kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect jose marquez corp enron enron stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect anita dupont na enron enron cc subject christmas basket list updated list christmas orders placed dec th orders arrive enron building dec th outside orders arrive dec nd please inform okay thanks kevin moore discuss cost vince meeting bill friday kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect jose marquez corp enron enron stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect anita dupont na enron enron cc subject christmas basket list hello everyone nearing time get baskets christmas tokens sent every year take time send tokens appreciation services rendered share christmas sprit feel worthty list already approved vince additions please inform p deadline december th meeting owner floral events confirm order treat lunch great work provided thanks kevin moore please note vacation orders already placed delivery date december th day return therefore problems occur enough time solve
"Subject: re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince )  kaminski : eva : remedy 412144  vince ,  welcome to ibuyit , enron ' s integrated procurement through payment solution .  your ibuyit security form has been processed . here is your ibuyit  eprocurement logon information :  user id : po 0503778  password : your date of birth ( format : yyyymmdd - - 19670120 for january 20 ,  1967 )  important : when you first log on to ibuyit eprocurement , you will be prompted  to change your password . you may use the same password you enter when logging  on to other sap - related applications , e . g . , ehronline . should you select a  new password , your password in other sap - related applications will  automatically reset . you only need one password for your sap user id ( pid ) .  ready to launch ibuyit eprocurement ? access it from the ibuyit portal :  for step - by - step documentation on ibuyit eprocurement , click here :  for help , call the isc call center at 713 - 345 - 4727 .  if you have any question regarding this request , please contact sap security .  thanks !  from : raul davila / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 02 pm  to : sap security @ enron  cc :  subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince )  kaminski : eva : remedy 412144  approved  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : tow , eva on behalf of sap security  sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 5 : 39 pm  to : davila , raul  cc : vkamins @ enron . com ; crenshaw , shirley  subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince )  kaminski : eva : remedy 412144  raul ,  raul ,  vince kaminiski is requesting acces to the technical view for catalog along  with the ibuyit approval role . this is pending your approval . please send  your response to sap security .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw @ ect  04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 01 pm  to : sapsecurity @ enron . com  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : ibuyit form  attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing  director , research group .  he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 .  >  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001  02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ibuyit form  hi shirley  there were two shirleys , so sending to both  >  isc help desk",0,pending approval ibuyit request wincenty vince kaminski eva remedy vince welcome ibuyit enron integrated procurement payment solution ibuyit security form processed ibuyit eprocurement logon information user id po password date birth format yyyymmdd january important first log ibuyit eprocurement prompted change password may use password enter logging sap related applications e g ehronline select new password password sap related applications automatically reset need one password sap user id pid ready launch ibuyit eprocurement access ibuyit portal step step documentation ibuyit eprocurement click help call isc call center question regarding request please contact sap security thanks raul davila enron enronxgate pm sap security enron cc subject pending approval ibuyit request wincenty vince kaminski eva remedy approved original message tow eva behalf sap security sent thursday april pm davila raul cc vkamins enron com crenshaw shirley subject pending approval ibuyit request wincenty vince kaminski eva remedy raul raul vince kaminiski requesting acces technical view catalog along ibuyit approval role pending approval please send response sap security thanks shirley crenshaw ect pm sapsecurity enron com cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject ibuyit form attached please find completed form vince kaminski managing director research group approving purchases cost center forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm debbie skinner enron enronxgate pm shirley crenshaw houston eott eott shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject ibuyit form hi shirley two shirleys sending isc help desk
"Subject: re : australian energy risk 2000  lucie ,  yes , i have received the package .  vince  "" lucie deathridge "" on 05 / 24 / 2000 05 : 31 : 09 pm  please respond to "" lucie deathridge ""  to :  cc :  subject : australian energy risk 2000  thank you for agreeing to speak at the australian energy risk 2000  conference in sydney in july . last week i sent a speaker pack to you . i  would be grateful if you would confirm receipt of this by return of email .  in the event that you have not received it please let me know immediately  and send me your full contact details . i am the co - ordinator of this  conference and please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any queries .  regards  lucie deathridge  conference co - ordinator  risk publications  ?  tel : ( + 44 ) ( 0207 ) 484 9867",0,australian energy risk lucie yes received package vince lucie deathridge pm please respond lucie deathridge cc subject australian energy risk thank agreeing speak australian energy risk conference sydney july last week sent speaker pack would grateful would confirm receipt return email event received please let know immediately send full contact details co ordinator conference please hesitate contact queries regards lucie deathridge conference co ordinator risk publications tel
"Subject: re : vacation  shirley ,  no problem .  vince  shirley crenshaw  01 / 09 / 2001 10 : 24 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : vacation  vince :  if it is allright , i would like to take the following days as vacation days :  friday , january 12  friday , february 2  anita will be here .  thanks !  shirley",0,vacation shirley problem vince shirley crenshaw vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject vacation vince allright would like take following days vacation days friday january friday february anita thanks shirley
"Subject: re : confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge  u . - urgent  vince  can you please check with steve leppard and ask him to confirm , and send to  me his position and title of his talk ( if different from yours ) ?  thanks very much again  lenos  at 05 : 14 _ _ 04 / 19 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote :  >  >  > lenos ,  >  > my busy schedule does not allow me to attend .  >  > i would like , however , to recommend my colleague who works  > in london , steve leppard .  > he can make a very interesting and original presentation on real options .  > please , let me know what you think .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > lenos trigeorgis on 04 / 18 / 2000 09 : 29 : 18 pm  >  > to : lenos . trigeorgis @ rogroup . com  > cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  > subject : confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge  > u . - urgent  >  >  >  > the attached file contains the tentative program for two back - to - back real  > options conferences ( a professional one for july 5 - 6 , and the standard  > annual academic one for july 7 - 8 ) at cambridge u .  >  > your name has been provisionally included on the program . please check all  > the information relating to you and confirm your participation as listed  > ( or advice us of desired changes immediately ) .  >  > thank you .  >  > lenos  >  >  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ drive _ e \ eudora \ attach \ 4 thconfsessionsl 2 . doc ""  >  >  > lenos trigeorgis  > professor of finance  > university of cyprus  > dept of business  > 75 kallipoleos , po box 20537  > cy 1678 nicosia cyprus  >  > tel : + 357 2 892261  > fax : 339063  >  >  >  lenos trigeorgis  professor of finance  university of cyprus  dept of business  75 kallipoleos , po box 20537  cy 1678 nicosia cyprus  tel : + 357 2 892261  fax : 339063",0,confirm participation real options conference cambridge u urgent vince please check steve leppard ask confirm send position title talk different thanks much lenos wrote lenos busy schedule allow attend would like however recommend colleague works london steve leppard make interesting original presentation real options please let know think vince lenos trigeorgis pm lenos trigeorgis rogroup com cc bcc vince j kaminski hou ect subject confirm participation real options conference cambridge u urgent attached file contains tentative program two back back real options conferences professional one july standard annual academic one july cambridge u name provisionally included program please check information relating confirm participation listed advice us desired changes immediately thank lenos attachment converted c drive e eudora attach thconfsessionsl doc lenos trigeorgis professor finance university cyprus dept business kallipoleos po box cy nicosia cyprus tel fax lenos trigeorgis professor finance university cyprus dept business kallipoleos po box cy nicosia cyprus tel fax
"Subject: re : gwen koepke  anne ,  thanks for contacting me about this .  as a matter of fact , i wanted to talk to you about it  today as this matter was outstanding for a long time .  i think we should go ahead and adjust gwen to manager ,  effective march 1 . the compensation would be her current base plus  10 k . this is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a manager .  such promotions take place in march and i think  gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management  ( i . e . my and maureen ' s procrastination ) .  on unrelated and more serious matter . gary hickerson is the primary client  for maureen ' s services . he communicated to me a few weeks ago that he is  unwilling to underwrite maureen ' s position ( he is in general unhappy with  her contribution ) . this means that maureen will have to find another sponsor or leave enron .  given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal customer  will be quite a challenge .  gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to maureen from his budget .  i would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes .  vince  from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 34 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : gwen koepke  vince ,  just wanted to touch base with you . i have tried to contact maureen so that gwen ' s title and salary can be adjusted to manager just as you requested , but have not heard any response from her . would you like for me to wait until i hear from maureen or should i go ahead and proceed in changing her title ? i just want to make sure that gwen is in the right peer group during prc .  also , i am going to try and set up a meeting with you next week through shirley to discuss any buring issues that you are experiencing , and your expectations during prc .  thanks ,  anne",0,gwen koepke anne thanks contacting matter fact wanted talk today matter outstanding long time think go ahead adjust gwen manager effective march compensation would current base plus k typically promote associate manager promotions take place march think gwen penalized inefficiency management e maureen procrastination unrelated serious matter gary hickerson primary client maureen services communicated weeks ago unwilling underwrite maureen position general unhappy contribution means maureen find another sponsor leave enron given abrasive aggressive personality finding another internal customer quite challenge gary volunteered pay generous severance maureen budget would like talk minutes vince anne labbe enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject gwen koepke vince wanted touch base tried contact maureen gwen title salary adjusted manager requested heard response would like wait hear maureen go ahead proceed changing title want make sure gwen right peer group prc also going try set meeting next week shirley discuss buring issues experiencing expectations prc thanks anne
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  aii iisted software is avaiiable for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few exampies :  - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage !  best regards ,  chelsea ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions german french spanish uk many others aii iisted software avaiiable immediate download need wait week cd delivery exampies norton internet security pro windows xp professional sp full version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciuding macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianquage best regards chelsea
"Subject: uae enquiries  dear sirs ,  emiratestenders provides you with the latest business information on projects , tenders , enquiries and business deals in the united arab emirates .  we will keep you informed about all business activities in abu dhabi , dubai , sharjah , al ain & northern emirates in areas such as construction , oilfield development , telecommunication , information technology , medical , power generation , roads & bridges & more .  emiratestenders provides members free access to the most comprehensive and detailed real time project and tender database with many benefits including :  complete access to our detailed real time database on all projects , tenders and enquiries in united arab emirates . ( details provided are : project number , project name , territory , client , client address , description , invitation date , post date , closing date , tender cost , budget , contractors , consultants , tender categories , status , remarks )  free e - mail notification on preferred areas of business and useful local business news .  easy to use search options .  archive of over 8 , 000 projects and tenders for market research and analysis which is updated on a daily basis .  a newsletter with information on the latest business activities in the uae .  free consultancy on local business requirements in the territory .  the people at emiratestenders have indepth knowledge and experience about the local market and can assist you to develop your business in the united arab emirates . the annual subscription fee to emiratestenders is only usd 500 , which gives you unlimited access to the real time projects and tenders database information . click here to see a sample page .  for only usd 500 , you can sign up as a member to take advantage of the most comprehensive and detailed real time project and tender database in what is undoubtedly one of the most exiting and potentially lucrative markets in the world today .  please visit http : / / www . uaeenquiries . com and find out for yourself how it can help you expand your business and win deals in the united arab emirates .  yours faithfully , sales and support teamtel : + 971 2 - 6348495 fax : + 971 2 - 6316465  you are receiving this e - mail because you have opted - in to receive special offers for business development or one of it ' s marketing partners . if you feel you have received this e - mail in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please reply to remove @ uaeenquiries . com with a "" remove "" subject in the email .",1,uae enquiries dear sirs emiratestenders provides latest business information projects tenders enquiries business deals united arab emirates keep informed business activities abu dhabi dubai sharjah al northern emirates areas construction oilfield development telecommunication information technology medical power generation roads bridges emiratestenders provides members free access comprehensive detailed real time project tender database many benefits including complete access detailed real time database projects tenders enquiries united arab emirates details provided project number project name territory client client address description invitation date post date closing date tender cost budget contractors consultants tender categories status remarks free e mail notification preferred areas business useful local business news easy use search options archive projects tenders market research analysis updated daily basis newsletter information latest business activities uae free consultancy local business requirements territory people emiratestenders indepth knowledge experience local market assist develop business united arab emirates annual subscription fee emiratestenders usd gives unlimited access real time projects tenders database information click see sample page usd sign member take advantage comprehensive detailed real time project tender database undoubtedly one exiting potentially lucrative markets world today please visit http www uaeenquiries com find help expand business win deals united arab emirates faithfully sales support teamtel fax receiving e mail opted receive special offers business development one marketing partners feel received e mail error wish receive additional special offers please reply remove uaeenquiries com remove subject email
"Subject: sell advertising space on your website  did you know that selling advertising on your website is a great way to earn extra revenues with  absolutely no extra effort ?  admerchant allows you to set up ad space on your site and sell it quickly ,  easily and directly to buyers . you will have the immediate benefit of earning  significant revenues . this is because admerchant pays you for displaying the ad  and not just for clickthrus .  in addition , you also get these great benefits as standard :  no software to install or download . just paste a couple of lines of html on your web pages .  you have total control by deciding what ads to allow on your site .  you decide how much to charge for your ad space .  payments are made to you automatically regardless of the amount .  it is free to join and you remain in total control of your ad space .  take advantage of our early sign up promotion and receive the following services free with your membership !  a premium entry of your site in admerchant ' s directory .  a free search engine optimisation ( seo ) assesment of your site .  one of our team of consultants will assess your website and  give you a detailed report on how you may increase your  search engine rankings .  all you have to do is visit the directory and get your site listed today .  with warmest regards ,  george stevens  customer manager ,  www . admerchant . co . uk  george . stevens @ admerchant . co . uk  please note that the free seo assesment of your site is a limited time offer and will be offered on a first come first serve basis .  your are subscribed as glovechangeful @ mailb . fakeoutdoorsman . com  . . please click here to unsubscribe . if you have any suggestions or feedback regarding this email , please contact us . ",1,sell advertising space website know selling advertising website great way earn extra revenues absolutely extra effort admerchant allows set ad space site sell quickly easily directly buyers immediate benefit earning significant revenues admerchant pays displaying ad clickthrus addition also get great benefits standard software install download paste couple lines html web pages total control deciding ads allow site decide much charge ad space payments made automatically regardless amount free join remain total control ad space take advantage early sign promotion receive following services free membership premium entry site admerchant directory free search engine optimisation seo assesment site one team consultants assess website give detailed report may increase search engine rankings visit directory get site listed today warmest regards george stevens customer manager www admerchant co uk george stevens admerchant co uk please note free seo assesment site limited time offer offered first come first serve basis subscribed glovechangeful mailb fakeoutdoorsman com please click unsubscribe suggestions feedback regarding email please contact us
"Subject: re : congrats  vince ,  thanks for the note - and congratulations on yours as well .  i haven ' t had too much to do yet with the research guys here as they ' re  pretty much self directed . once a week ( thursday am ) i ' ve started a joint  project update meeting with structuring and research . i hope this way the  structuring team can bounce quantitative issues off research and the research  guys can stay closer to the commercial deals .  - dale  vince j kaminski  11 / 01 / 2000 16 : 08  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : congrats  dale ,  congratulations . well deserved . i am very happy your tremendous  contribution to the company has been recognized .  vince",0,congrats vince thanks note congratulations well much yet research guys pretty much self directed week thursday started joint project update meeting structuring research hope way structuring team bounce quantitative issues research research guys stay closer commercial deals dale vince j kaminski dale surbey lon ect ect cc subject congrats dale congratulations well deserved happy tremendous contribution company recognized vince
"Subject: loaded with technology for business and home .  best software prices .  if i know what love is , it is because of you .  he knows all about art , but he doesn ' t know what he likes .",1,loaded technology business home best software prices know love knows art know likes
"Subject: expert web site analysis - at no charge  do you think that your web site should be producing more sales than it currently does ? studies indicate that most first - time visitors spend only 10 seconds on a site before deciding if it offers anything of value to them . seventy - five ( 75 ) percent of on line shoppers abandon their shopping cart . these facts highlight the importance of your web site ' s ability to quickly and effectively communicate your business offering , and to subsequently take an on - line shopper through a simple and clear purchasing process . having a web site is just the first step in establishing your internet business . the second step is to get people directed to your web site . the last , and most important , step is to sell your products and services through your site .  through july 31 , 2005 , expedite media group , inc . is offering a no - charge analysis of your web site . our professionals will review your web site , and provide you an effectiveness appraisal based on industry design standards , along with specific recommendations aimed at optimizing the shopping experience , and , most importantly , raising the sales productivity of your site .  at expedite media group , inc . , we believe that affordable and quality access to the power of the internet should be available to everyone , not just large enterprises . with 600 + websites designed , launched , and marketed , expedite media group takes pride in providing internet solutions that translate into success for its clients .  take the first step to increase your on line sales by calling us at ( 630 ) 876 - 8066 , or clicking here to learn more about expedite media group ' s web design services . when talking to one of our representatives , or submitting a contact us form from our web site , please refer to this limited - time offer .  expedite 245 west roosevelt rd . building 15 , ste . 109 west chicago , il 60185 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,expert web site analysis charge think web site producing sales currently studies indicate first time visitors spend seconds site deciding offers anything value seventy five percent line shoppers abandon shopping cart facts highlight importance web site ability quickly effectively communicate business offering subsequently take line shopper simple clear purchasing process web site first step establishing internet business second step get people directed web site last important step sell products services site july expedite media group inc offering charge analysis web site professionals review web site provide effectiveness appraisal based industry design standards along specific recommendations aimed optimizing shopping experience importantly raising sales productivity site expedite media group inc believe affordable quality access power internet available everyone large enterprises websites designed launched marketed expedite media group takes pride providing internet solutions translate success clients take first step increase line sales calling us clicking learn expedite media group web design services talking one representatives submitting contact us form web site please refer limited time offer expedite west roosevelt rd building ste west chicago il e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: re : here it goes !  steve ,  taking summer interns is the best way to screen and identify good candidates  at low cost and low risk . i would take this person in ,  assuming you can still run it by the analyst / associate program . they closed  the books  for the summer .  let me know if you run into any roadblock . i shall try help you from here .  vince  steven leppard  03 / 29 / 2000 08 : 31 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : here it goes !  vince  do you have any views on taking summer interns here in the research group in  london ? one of our analysts has recommended a friend of hers ( resume  attached ) . i ' m sure we could dream up some work for an intern , so let me  know what you think .  many thanks ,  steve  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000  03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zuzana strmenova  02 / 23 / 2000 10 : 51 am  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : here it goes !  thanks , a lot steve .",0,goes steve taking summer interns best way screen identify good candidates low cost low risk would take person assuming still run analyst associate program closed books summer let know run roadblock shall try help vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject goes vince views taking summer interns research group london one analysts recommended friend resume attached sure could dream work intern let know think many thanks steve forwarded steven leppard lon ect pm zuzana strmenova steven leppard lon ect ect cc subject goes thanks lot steve
"Subject: vp & director count for the research group  hello deborah :  i would like to introduce myself and anita dupont to you as we will probably  be working together quite a bit between now and our move . please feel  free to contact either one of us regarding any questions or needs you  may have .  headcount  the executive , vp and director headcount for the research group is :  managing director 1  vice presidents 6  directors 5  also , anita and i would like to invite you to meet with us and go over our  library space requirements . please let me know when you have some  free time and we will be available .  my number is : 3 - 5290 - ebl 961  anita ' s # is : 3 - 0329 - ebl 969  i look forward to meeting you ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  3 - 5290",0,vp director count research group hello deborah would like introduce anita dupont probably working together quite bit move please feel free contact either one us regarding questions needs may headcount executive vp director headcount research group managing director vice presidents directors also anita would like invite meet us go library space requirements please let know free time available number ebl anita ebl look forward meeting shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group
"Subject: the february issue of reactions is now live online  dear colleague ,  the latest edition of the financial magazine for the global insurance market  is now live at ;  http : / / www . reactionsnet . com  our monthly analysis of all the financial issues to affect the insurance  industry could be just what you were looking for . ? with unique data and  superb supplements such as the a - z of reinsurers , asia cover magazine and s simply click on the link  to enter the site , http : / / www . reactionsnet . com  you can contact us for help at mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com or + 44 ( 0 ) 20  7779 8006 . ?  february 2001 ' s cover story ? ?  ?  insurance tax battle : the war of the loophole  although a handful of us insurers failed last year in their attempt to make  rivals owned by offshore parents pay more tax , they have vowed to fight on .  they are confident of victory . simon challis looks at the loophole that is  tying politicians and businessmen in knots .  february 2001 ' s this issue features  ace ' s ina gamble : duperreault ' s risky bet  ace took a very big risk when it acquired the property / casualty operations of  cigna back in july 1999 . so far , the gamble appears to have paid off , but can  ace keep it up ?  captives : havens from a hard market  bermudian performance survey : bermuda marches again  oecd initiative : fighting spirit  profile : stockton re - widening the net  plus all this month ' s biggest stories  ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  for your conference diary  + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +  new world old world  risks have changed - 15 - 16 march , 2001 , berkeley court hotel , dublin , ireland  the @ revolution is driving changes in the business practice of buyers ,  service providers and providers of risk finance . ? what are the key  practitioners doing and what are the implications ? ? dublin 2001 will explore  the emerging new dimensions of risk financing , the threats and opportunities  and present practical strategies for addressing these issues .  for a programme and registration form contact hannah bassally on : ? + 44 20  8895 3258 or e - mail : bassalh @ towers . com .  + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +  don ' t miss iasa 2001 ! ? iasa is recognized as one of the premier providers of  insurance industry education . ? and , iasa ' s annual educational conference and  business show is one of the most important industry conferences of the year .  during june 3 - 6 , 2001 , choose from over 100 educational sessions , meet more  than 200 exhibiting companies , and network with 4 , 000 of your industry  colleagues . earn cpe credits , learn about new technologies and hear from  industry experts . register today at www . iasa . org ! ? or , for more information ,  call ( 919 ) 489 - 0991 . we hope to see "" y ' all "" in san antonio , texas during iasa  2001 !  + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +  weather derivatives and risk management  april 2 - 4 , 2001 , london crowne plaza , st james  this two - day weather risk management conference and half - day workshop on  valuation of weather derivatives organised by euromoney energy events , in  association with weather risk advisory , will bring together the most  experienced decision - makers in the weather risk market , and will give  delegates a thorough education on the use of weather products .  to find out more ;  e mail : mailto : energyevents @ euromoneyplc . com ? online :  www . coaltransconferences  + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +  * plus ! * ? industry publications - read the executive summaries online !  reinsurance 4 th edition - the definitive industry - standard textbook  @ risk - internet & e - commerce insurance and reinsurance legal issues  insurance risk securitisation - a guide for issuers and investors  to advertise or link your company website to this industry circular please  contact nick lipinski  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8199 or e - mail mailto : nlipinski @ euromoneyplc . com  if you have any problems logging onto or using ? www . reactionsnet . com please  call our dedicated help desk  + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 or email mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com  we send this email because we believe you will find our magazine of value ,  however if you do not wish to continue receiving our monthly updates please  reply to this email with unsubscribe in the title bar .",0,february issue reactions live online dear colleague latest edition financial magazine global insurance market live http www reactionsnet com monthly analysis financial issues affect insurance industry could looking unique data superb supplements z reinsurers asia cover magazine simply click link enter site http www reactionsnet com contact us help mailto web help euromoneyplc com february cover story insurance tax battle war loophole although handful us insurers failed last year attempt make rivals owned offshore parents pay tax vowed fight confident victory simon challis looks loophole tying politicians businessmen knots february issue features ace ina gamble duperreault risky bet ace took big risk acquired property casualty operations cigna back july far gamble appears paid ace keep captives havens hard market bermudian performance survey bermuda marches oecd initiative fighting spirit profile stockton widening net plus month biggest stories conference diary new world old world risks changed march berkeley court hotel dublin ireland revolution driving changes business practice buyers service providers providers risk finance key practitioners implications dublin explore emerging new dimensions risk financing threats opportunities present practical strategies addressing issues programme registration form contact hannah bassally e mail bassalh towers com miss iasa iasa recognized one premier providers insurance industry education iasa annual educational conference business show one important industry conferences year june choose educational sessions meet exhibiting companies network industry colleagues earn cpe credits learn new technologies hear industry experts register today www iasa org information call hope see san antonio texas iasa weather derivatives risk management april london crowne plaza st james two day weather risk management conference half day workshop valuation weather derivatives organised euromoney energy events association weather risk advisory bring together experienced decision makers weather risk market give delegates thorough education use weather products find e mail mailto energyevents euromoneyplc com online www coaltransconferences plus industry publications read executive summaries online reinsurance th edition definitive industry standard textbook risk internet e commerce insurance reinsurance legal issues insurance risk securitisation guide issuers investors advertise link company website industry circular please contact nick lipinski tel e mail mailto nlipinski euromoneyplc com problems logging onto using www reactionsnet com please call dedicated help desk email mailto web help euromoneyplc com send email believe find magazine value however wish continue receiving monthly updates please reply email unsubscribe title bar
"Subject: re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack  hi again ,  here is the second document :  2 . the second word document describes a hybrid derivatives structure i i  workded on at bnp paribas . it has applications to the energy industry .  regards ,  iris  _ _ _ _ _ _ _  get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com  - real options business specs , part i . doc",0,f u dr kaminski enron iris mack hi second document second word document describes hybrid derivatives structure workded bnp paribas applications energy industry regards iris get web free msn explorer download http explorer msn com real options business specs part doc
"Subject: re : latest revision  vince ,  i got the zipped version fine . thanks the only outstanding items relate  to the complete references for your papers ( the book publisher and dates ) .  i spoke with shirley this morning and she is tracing this down for me .  i re - read the gas market paper segment on the take - or - pay contracts and  corrected my "" oversight "" . by the end of the day i hope to have all the  corrections that you gave me incorporated in the manuscript . we will make  them on the galley pages of the article when it arrives .  thanks again for all your help .  john  p . s . i also spoke with mary joyce ( she returned my earlier call a week ago  when i was trying to ask cindy something ) . all is well . at 10 : 15 am  2 / 5 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > html version of enron article :  >  >  > vince  >  > ( see attached file : b 3719001 . htm ) ( see attached file : b 3719003 . htm ) ( see  > attached file : b 3719004 . htm ) ( see attached file : b 3719005 . htm ) ( see attached  > file : b 3719006 . htm ) ( see attached file : b 3719007 . htm ) ( see attached file :  > b 3719008 . htm ) ( see attached file : b 3719009 . htm ) ( see attached file :  > b 3719010 . htm )  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 02 / 04 / 2001 06 : 37 : 47 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : latest revision  >  > vince ,  >  > i have made bold face edits to the attached document . i still have two  > edits to make but am concerned that you were not reading the most recent  > version . sorry for any confusion but the editor doesn ' t use the edit  > function in word so i have ended up making edits on new versions of the  > paper .  >  > i still haven ' t made the change regarding the take - or - pay problem ( i left  > that paper at home in my briefcase and will make the change tomorrow  > morning ) . also , i haven ' t added anything regarding the conflict that arose  > over pay for new hires nor have i received the business week e - mail from  > you .  >  > however , if the paper looks ok to mark palmer we can make these minor edits  > on the galley pages of the article .  >  > thanks  >  > john  >  > p . s . i am very disappointed about the scheduling conflict you have on feb  > 23 rd . you will be greatly missed but i certainly understand .  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719001 . htm ""  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719003 . htm ""  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719004 . htm ""  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719005 . htm ""  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719006 . htm ""  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719007 . htm ""  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719008 . htm ""  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719009 . htm ""  >  > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719010 . htm ""  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,latest revision vince got zipped version fine thanks outstanding items relate complete references papers book publisher dates spoke shirley morning tracing read gas market paper segment take pay contracts corrected oversight end day hope corrections gave incorporated manuscript make galley pages article arrives thanks help john p also spoke mary joyce returned earlier call week ago trying ask cindy something well wrote john html version enron article vince see attached file b htm see attached file b htm see attached file b htm see attached file b htm see attached file b htm see attached file b htm see attached file b htm see attached file b htm see attached file b htm john martin pm vkamins enron com cc subject latest revision vince made bold face edits attached document still two edits make concerned reading recent version sorry confusion editor use edit function word ended making edits new versions paper still made change regarding take pay problem left paper home briefcase make change tomorrow morning also added anything regarding conflict arose pay new hires received business week e mail however paper looks ok mark palmer make minor edits galley pages article thanks john p disappointed scheduling conflict feb rd greatly missed certainly understand john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html attachment converted c windows desktop b htm attachment converted c windows desktop b htm attachment converted c windows desktop b htm attachment converted c windows desktop b htm attachment converted c windows desktop b htm attachment converted c windows desktop b htm attachment converted c windows desktop b htm attachment converted c windows desktop b htm attachment converted c windows desktop b htm john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  alvaro ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards alvaro
"Subject: wayne tow ' s resume  kathy / greg / john - do we need the skills described in the attached resume on  the project team or in the permanent support group or in the esupply group ?  there are no personal recommendations associated this resume .  vince - thanks for keeping us in mind !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa becker / corp / enron on 02 / 01 / 2000  01 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  01 / 31 / 2000 09 : 04 am  to : melissa becker / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : wayne tow ' s resume  melissa ,  please , take a look at this resume . any interest ?  i got it from a headhunter ( i don ' t know her ,  it was a cold call on her part and she did not make a good impression ) .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2000  09 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  leewells @ swbell . net on 01 / 25 / 2000 05 : 34 : 57 pm  please respond to leewells @ swbell . net  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : wayne tow ' s resume  hi there mr . kaminski ! it was a pleasure to speak with you today . i look  forward to lunch one day soon at brennans .  wayne tow is a brilliant man , he worked for many years for a man i know  well . this man says , wayne is as good as it get , and he could do  anything that is assigned to him , and do it at a level in which he was  always amazed .  he loves the e - commerce area , and this is what he wants to do  thank you , vince .  lee wells  - wayne 2 . doc",0,wayne tow resume kathy greg john need skills described attached resume project team permanent support group esupply group personal recommendations associated resume vince thanks keeping us mind forwarded melissa becker corp enron pm vince j kaminski ect melissa becker corp enron enron cc subject wayne tow resume melissa please take look resume interest got headhunter know cold call part make good impression vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect leewells swbell net pm please respond leewells swbell net vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject wayne tow resume hi mr kaminski pleasure speak today look forward lunch one day soon brennans wayne tow brilliant man worked many years man know well man says wayne good get could anything assigned level always amazed loves e commerce area wants thank vince lee wells wayne doc
"Subject: risk management meeting at georgia tech  you are welcome to attend the following meeting in the area of quantitative  and computational finance and risk management in the mrc auditorium on  the georgia tech campus from 1 pm to 6 pm on friday , march 30 th .  there will be five speakers that will give presentations on a variety of  topics .  dr . curt hunter , research director , federal reserve bank of chicago  dr . mary mathewes kassis , associate director ,  georgia state university economic forecasting center  dr . alan white , professor of finance , university of toronto , and  mr . pete van amson , cfa , cpa , vice president , product management ,  sungard trading and risk systems  dr . dennis wong , vice president , quantitative finance ,  bank of america securities  there is no charge for the event .  this will be the inaugural meeting of the atlanta chapter of the global  association of risk professionals ( garp ) . you need not be a member of garp  to attend the meeting . information about garp can be found at  http : / / www . garp . com .  we are asking that attendees rsvp so that plans can be made for refreshments .  we only ask that you reply to this email or to atlanta @ garp . com before  march 21 if you plan to attend . in addition to a break half - way through the  afternoon , there will be refreshments immediately following the presentations .  this event is sponsored by the master of science in quantitative and  computational finance program at georgia tech , sungard trading and risk  systems , and  suntrust banks , inc .  please pass along this announcement to your associates .  information about the talks and the speakers  dr . curt hunter  research director , federal reserve bank of chicago  dr . hunter ' s discussion is entitled "" lessons learned from recent global  financial crises . "" since 1990 , major banking and currency crises have  occurred in many countries around the world - including mexico and latin  america in 1994 , east asia in 1997 - 98 , and russia and brazil in 1998 ,  among others - with large costs both to the individual countries  experiencing the crises and to other nations . as a result , considerable  effort has been expended by economists and policymakers to identify the  causes of these crises and to design programs with the aim of preventing ,  if possible , similar crises from occurring in the future , and minimizing  the costs when they do occur . this talk reviews the key lessons  policymakers have learned from these recent episodes and highlights the  role that risk management plays in crisis prevention .  dr . william c . ( curt ) hunter is senior vice president and director of  research at the federal reserve bank of chicago . he is a member of the  bank ' s management committee and serves as the bank ' s chief economist .  he is responsible for a staff of 115 professionals and oversees the  bank ' s research activities in the areas of monetary policy , banking  and financial markets , and regional economics programs . he is also  responsible for the bank ' s statistical and financial reports function .  dr . hunter is an associate economist on the federal open market committee ,  the federal reserve system ' s primary monetary policy group .  previously , he was a vice president at the federal reserve bank of  atlanta and has served on the faculties of the university of georgia ,  emory university , chicago state university , and northwestern university .  he has consulted with numerous foreign central banks , official agencies ,  and private corporations and serves on the boards of several research  and nonprofit organizations . he is co - editor of research in banking  and finance and serves on the editorial boards of several academic  journals . dr . hunter earned a b . s . degree in 1970 from hampton  institute ( now hampton university ) , an mba in finance in 1972 and a ph . d .  in finance and environment in 1978 from northwestern university .  dr . mary mathewes kassis  associate director , georgia state university economic forecasting center  dr . kassis will provide her outlook for the georgia and atlanta economies  over the next two years . she will focus on economic risks specific to  atlanta , including its exposure to the contraction of the it sector ,  potential over development of office space , and a declining rate of job  growth . regardless of your field , this should be a very informative  discussion .  dr . kassis has been analyzing the southeast economy for over five years .  she writes a quarterly report that examines the current economic  conditions in 13 southeastern states as well as an outlook for the next  couple of years . she also prepares an in - depth quarterly analysis of the  outlook for the georgia and atlanta economies . she is regularly quoted  in publications such as the wall street journal , the atlanta journal -  constitution , and the atlanta business chronicle . dr . kassis received  a b . a . in economics and political science from agnes scott college and  a ph . d . in economics from georgia state university .  dr . alan white  professor of finance , university of toronto  mr . pete van amson , cfa , cpa  vice president , product management , sungard trading and risk systems  dr . alan white and mr . peter van amson will discuss applied term  structure modeling . sungard has implemented a version of the hull - white  term structure model that banks use in measuring and managing the market  value sensitivity of various balance sheet components . peter will touch  on some of the complexities involved in modeling non - maturity deposits ;  with regard to the term structure of interest rates , alan will discuss  some of the problems and possible solutions in bridging the divide between  what is required from a theoretical standpoint and what is feasible  in a production process .  dr . alan white is a professor of finance in the joseph l . rotman school  of management at the university of toronto . his research is principally  in the area of derivative securities , their pricing and their use by  financial institutions for risk management . he is most noted for his  work on modeling the term structure of interest rates in a way that  is consistent with observed market data . recently his research has been  focused on the pricing and management of credit risk . professor white  has published many scholarly articles , but is perhaps best recognized  for providing lucid insights into the practical application and  implementation of this research . much of his material is included in  the best - selling book hull - white on derivatives , co - authored with  john hull .  mr . peter van amson is the vice president of product management at  sungard trading and risk systems where he is responsible for the  development of all functional specifications for the bancware product  suite . in this capacity , he frequently interacts with sungard  user - committees , leading academics , and other leading industry  practitioners . he frequently makes presentations at conferences and  seminars sponsored by bai , amifs , the occ , as well as other organizations .  prior to working with bancware , peter headed the strategic planning  function for the plymouth rock company , one of america ' s most profitable  insurance holding companies . in this role , he helped define the  company ' s strategic vision as well as being involved in investment  analysis , asset / liability management and quantitative profitability  aanalysis . peter has a b . s . and m . s . in accounting from the state  university of new york at binghamton . he is currently a ph . d . candidate  at the university of michigan . peter has received numerous academic awards  and honors including the william andrew paton fellowship at the  university of michigan and the new york state society of certified  public accountants award for academic excellence .  dr . dennis wong  vice president , quantitative finance , bank of america securities  dr . wong will discuss competing vendor approaches to credit risk  modeling , including creditmetrics , kmv , creditrisk + and creditportfolio  view . these models are viewed in a theoretical framework that  identifies migration probabilities , credit exposure and loss  aggregation .  dr . wong has a ph . d . in mathematical finance from carnegie mellon  university . he has given talks and seminars for the american  mathematical society , the society for industrial and applied mathematics ,  the university of toronto , and georgia tech . he is the author of  "" generalized optimal stopping and financial markets "" , published in  pitman research notes in mathematics series .",0,risk management meeting georgia tech welcome attend following meeting area quantitative computational finance risk management mrc auditorium georgia tech campus pm pm friday march th five speakers give presentations variety topics dr curt hunter research director federal reserve bank chicago dr mary mathewes kassis associate director georgia state university economic forecasting center dr alan white professor finance university toronto mr pete van amson cfa cpa vice president product management sungard trading risk systems dr dennis wong vice president quantitative finance bank america securities charge event inaugural meeting atlanta chapter global association risk professionals garp need member garp attend meeting information garp found http www garp com asking attendees rsvp plans made refreshments ask reply email atlanta garp com march plan attend addition break half way afternoon refreshments immediately following presentations event sponsored master science quantitative computational finance program georgia tech sungard trading risk systems suntrust banks inc please pass along announcement associates information talks speakers dr curt hunter research director federal reserve bank chicago dr hunter discussion entitled lessons learned recent global financial crises since major banking currency crises occurred many countries around world including mexico latin america east asia russia brazil among others large costs individual countries experiencing crises nations result considerable effort expended economists policymakers identify causes crises design programs aim preventing possible similar crises occurring future minimizing costs occur talk reviews key lessons policymakers learned recent episodes highlights role risk management plays crisis prevention dr william c curt hunter senior vice president director research federal reserve bank chicago member bank management committee serves bank chief economist responsible staff professionals oversees bank research activities areas monetary policy banking financial markets regional economics programs also responsible bank statistical financial reports function dr hunter associate economist federal open market committee federal reserve system primary monetary policy group previously vice president federal reserve bank atlanta served faculties university georgia emory university chicago state university northwestern university consulted numerous foreign central banks official agencies private corporations serves boards several research nonprofit organizations co editor research banking finance serves editorial boards several academic journals dr hunter earned b degree hampton institute hampton university mba finance ph finance environment northwestern university dr mary mathewes kassis associate director georgia state university economic forecasting center dr kassis provide outlook georgia atlanta economies next two years focus economic risks specific atlanta including exposure contraction sector potential development office space declining rate job growth regardless field informative discussion dr kassis analyzing southeast economy five years writes quarterly report examines current economic conditions southeastern states well outlook next couple years also prepares depth quarterly analysis outlook georgia atlanta economies regularly quoted publications wall street journal atlanta journal constitution atlanta business chronicle dr kassis received b economics political science agnes scott college ph economics georgia state university dr alan white professor finance university toronto mr pete van amson cfa cpa vice president product management sungard trading risk systems dr alan white mr peter van amson discuss applied term structure modeling sungard implemented version hull white term structure model banks use measuring managing market value sensitivity various balance sheet components peter touch complexities involved modeling non maturity deposits regard term structure interest rates alan discuss problems possible solutions bridging divide required theoretical standpoint feasible production process dr alan white professor finance joseph l rotman school management university toronto research principally area derivative securities pricing use financial institutions risk management noted work modeling term structure interest rates way consistent observed market data recently research focused pricing management credit risk professor white published many scholarly articles perhaps best recognized providing lucid insights practical application implementation research much material included best selling book hull white derivatives co authored john hull mr peter van amson vice president product management sungard trading risk systems responsible development functional specifications bancware product suite capacity frequently interacts sungard user committees leading academics leading industry practitioners frequently makes presentations conferences seminars sponsored bai amifs occ well organizations prior working bancware peter headed strategic planning function plymouth rock company one america profitable insurance holding companies role helped define company strategic vision well involved investment analysis asset liability management quantitative profitability aanalysis peter b accounting state university new york binghamton currently ph candidate university michigan peter received numerous academic awards honors including william andrew paton fellowship university michigan new york state society certified public accountants award academic excellence dr dennis wong vice president quantitative finance bank america securities dr wong discuss competing vendor approaches credit risk modeling including creditmetrics kmv creditrisk creditportfolio view models viewed theoretical framework identifies migration probabilities credit exposure loss aggregation dr wong ph mathematical finance carnegie mellon university given talks seminars american mathematical society society industrial applied mathematics university toronto georgia tech author generalized optimal stopping financial markets published pitman research notes mathematics series
"Subject: a applicable model  kim ,  after yestersday ' s meeting , i ' ve come up with an idea which is applicable to  the zone ef and  seems also to be applicable to the broader area . the model assumes that if  there are positive spreads of energy  products between pairs of locations , we can always find the possibilities of  swaptions . this assumption , as  discussed with jim and sean , is a reasonable approximation . i suggest that  the prototype be built up at this  model if you think that it is rational . if you interested in the model , i  will explain it to all of you .  best regards ,  youyi",0,applicable model kim yestersday meeting come idea applicable zone ef seems also applicable broader area model assumes positive spreads energy products pairs locations always find possibilities swaptions assumption discussed jim sean reasonable approximation suggest prototype built model think rational interested model explain best regards youyi
"Subject: time sensitive : executive impact & influence program survey  * * * reminder * * *  we have not yet received your feedback . your input is  very valuable and to be included in the participant ' s  summary report , it must be received no later than close  of business on friday , february 9 . without your  feedback , the participant may not receive a summary  report or be eligible to attend the program .  * immediate action required - do not delete *  executive impact & influence program  dear vince kaminski ,  as part of the executive impact and influence program ,  each participant is asked to gather input on the  participant ' s own management styles and practices as  experienced by their immediate manager , each direct  report , and up to eight colleagues / peers .  you have been requested to provide feedback for a  participant attending the next program . your input  ( i . e . , a self assessment , if you are a participant in  this program , manager assessment , direct report  assessment , or colleague / peer assessment ) will be  combined with the input of others and used by the  program participant to develop an action plan to  improve his / her management styles and practices . if  you are providing feedback as a manager of the  participant , please note that your feedback will be  identified in the summary report .  it is important that you complete this assessment no  later than close of business on friday , february 9 .  to begin the online administration process , you will  need the following internet address and password ( s ) .  note : if you are providing feedback for more than one  person , each password and participant name is  individually listed below .  open your internet browser e . g . , internet explorer or  netscape navigator , and please type or copy the url  address below into your internet browser ( please do not  go through lotus notes ) :  www . fsddatasvc . com / enron  h 73 m 9 a ( anthony mends )  if you experience technical problems , please call  dennis ward at fsd data services , 713 - 942 - 8436 . if you  have any questions about this process , you may contact  debbie nowak at enron , 713 - 853 - 3304 , or christi smith at  leadership research institute / keilty , goldsmith & company ,  619 - 216 - 0404 .  thank you for your participation .",0,time sensitive executive impact influence program survey reminder yet received feedback input valuable included participant summary report must received later close business friday february without feedback participant may receive summary report eligible attend program immediate action required delete executive impact influence program dear vince kaminski part executive impact influence program participant asked gather input participant management styles practices experienced immediate manager direct report eight colleagues peers requested provide feedback participant attending next program input e self assessment participant program manager assessment direct report assessment colleague peer assessment combined input others used program participant develop action plan improve management styles practices providing feedback manager participant please note feedback identified summary report important complete assessment later close business friday february begin online administration process need following internet address password note providing feedback one person password participant name individually listed open internet browser e g internet explorer netscape navigator please type copy url address internet browser please go lotus notes www fsddatasvc com enron h anthony mends experience technical problems please call dennis ward fsd data services questions process may contact debbie nowak enron christi smith leadership research institute keilty goldsmith company thank participation
"Subject: re : for your approval  erica ,  yes , no problem .  vince  information risk management  12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 50 am  to : gary taylor / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : for your approval  please let me know if he is approved .  thanks ,  erica garcia  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on  12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  security resource request system  directory line item pending access processing  directory name : o : \ weather derivatives \ , o : \ research \ common  service type : grant  expiration date :  comments :  security processing  processing status :  e - mail message :  comments / justification :  general information request : jhrc - 4 rkjjz  requested by : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect phone : 33914  requested for : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect employee type :  company : 0011 rc # : 100038  priority : high  comments / justification : i have a test windows 2000 machine running ( with  userid t _ weatherol , for which i need access to o : \ research \ common and  o : \ weather derivatives \  editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown )  edit # past authors edit dates  1 information risk management 11 / 30 / 2000 12 : 30 : 19 pm",0,approval erica yes problem vince information risk management gary taylor hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject approval please let know approved thanks erica garcia forwarded information risk management hou ect security resource request system directory line item pending access processing directory name weather derivatives research common service type grant expiration date comments security processing processing status e mail message comments justification general information request jhrc rkjjz requested joseph hrgovcic hou ect phone requested joseph hrgovcic hou ect employee type company rc priority high comments justification test windows machine running userid weatherol need access research common weather derivatives editing history last five shown edit past authors edit dates information risk management pm
"Subject: grades  pam ,  the term papers arrived at my internet mailbox .  i shall be sending you the information as i make progress reading the papers .  first group of students :  helen demianenko  javier lamas  lynn nazareth  shauywn smith  carlos wheelock  sarah woody  grade : a  please , confirm receipt of this message and please double check  that all registered students have been graded ( to make sure no student falls through  the cracks ) .  vince",0,grades pam term papers arrived internet mailbox shall sending information make progress reading papers first group students helen demianenko javier lamas lynn nazareth shauywn smith carlos wheelock sarah woody grade please confirm receipt message please double check registered students graded make sure student falls cracks vince
"Subject: refined products line - - north american markets - cera alert : decem  ber 15 , 2000  cera alert : december 15 , 2000  title : refined products line - - north american markets  cera knowledge areas : refined products  us margin highlights  * responding to falling apparent demand and rising primary inventory levels ,  us gulf coast unleaded gasoline margins versus wti fell by $ 2 . 26 per barrel  to average $ 1 . 45 per barrel during november . gasoline margins have returned  to a historically normal range after spending the summer of 2000 at  exceptionally high values . cera expects gasoline margins to wti to average  $ 2 . 75 per barrel during the first quarter of the new year , $ 1 . 16 per barrel  lower than this year ' s first quarter average .  * high sulfur no . 2 fuel oil differentials with wti dropped slightly ,  averaging $ 5 . 97 per barrel in november . despite the drop of $ 0 . 37 per barrel  from october ' s average , fuel oil differentials remain at unprecedented  values - $ 4 . 20 per barrel higher than a year ago and $ 3 . 46 per barrel greater  that the previous five - year average . for the first quarter of 2001 , cera  anticipates distillate margins to moderate somewhat but remain at a record  high level of $ 4 . 75 per barrel in the first quarter .  * jet / kerosene differentials versus wti rose $ 0 . 63 per barrel from the  october average , reaching a whopping $ 8 . 59 per barrel in november . in  correspondence with the distillate market , jet / kerosene margins are at  historically high levels and receiving support from relatively tight  fundamentals . cera expects jet / kerosene margins to moderate somewhat in the  first quarter in response to seasonal weakening of demand following the  holiday travel season but to remain exceptionally strong at an average of  $ 5 . 75 per barrel .  * margins for us gulf coast 1 % sulfur residual fuel dropped by $ 2 . 15 per  barrel , reaching $ 3 . 99 per barrel below wti during november . despite the  recent widening of differentials , cera expects soaring natural gas prices to  support relatively narrow residual fuel differentials throughout the winter  months . residual fuel differentials are expected to average $ 2 . 50 per barrel  below wti during the first quarter of next year , at the high end of the  historical range .  us demand highlights  * apparent demand for unleaded gasoline fell seasonally by about 0 . 5 million  barrels per day ( mbd ) from the october level , reaching 8 . 36 mbd for the four  weeks ending december 8 . demand is averaging less than 1 percent below last  year largely because y 2 k concerns helped inflate december demand a year ago .  cera anticipates gasoline demand to continue to decline seasonally as colder  temperatures arrive , averaging 8 . 08 mbd during the first quarter of 2001 .  * reported distillate apparent demand remains exceptionally strong at 3 . 94  mbd for the four weeks ending december 8 , over 7 percent greater than this  time last year . this represents a slight increase of about 0 . 05 million  barrels ( mb ) from the end - october level of 3 . 90 mb , but still a record high  level for early december . with support from low home heating oil inventories ,  particularly in the northeast , distillate demand has been very strong during  the fall of 2000 . cera expects demand to remain strong in the coming winter  months , averaging 3 . 79 mb during the first quarter of next year .  * apparent demand for jet fuel declined by 5 percent from the october level  to reach 1 . 68 mbd for the four weeks ending december 8 . despite the decline ,  apparent jet fuel demand is over 1 percent above the year - ago level . the  relative strength of jet fuel reported demand continues to parallel  distillate demand strength with support coming from the use of jet fuel to  help mitigate the tight distillate market fundamentals . cera expects the  demand for jet fuel to average 1 . 81 mb during the fourth quarter .  * reported demand for residual fuel dropped to 0 . 87 mbd for the four weeks  ending december 8 , a decline of about 0 . 09 mbd from the october average and a  slight increase over the november level . demand for residual fuel is  currently 11 percent greater than last year , and surging natural gas prices  are expected to result in continued strong residual fuel demand throughout  the winter . residual fuel demand is expected to remain in the 0 . 85 to 0 . 9 mbd  range during the first quarter of 2001 .  us inventory highlights  * primary inventories of unleaded gasoline rose to 196 . 5 mb , increasing  almost 10 mb from the end - october value . responding to rising stock levels  and declining apparent demand , forward supply coverage of gasoline climbed to  23 . 5 days for the four weeks ending december 8 . forward supply is 2 . 5 percent  below last year ' s level at this time of year and at its lowest level in the  past eight years - although cera still believes coverage is currently  sufficient for the level of demand expected this winter . however , cera is  looking cautiously at the implications of high distillate refinery yields and  production because of the possibility of low gasoline inventories at the  start of the driving season in the second quarter of next year .  * distillate inventory coverage has remained about level since the end of  october at 29 . 2 days of forward supply for the four weeks ending december 8 .  despite record high apparent demand , strong refinery production levels helped  boost primary distillate inventories slightly , to 115 . 3 mb for this period .  primary stocks are 16 percent below last year ' s level at this time and at  their lowest historical level ever . although stocks are low , cera does not  anticipate shortages to occur this winter . assuming normally cold weather ,  refinery production and net imports are expected to be capable of meeting  demand requirements - albeit at a high price .  * jet fuel inventory coverage crept upward by about 1 day of coverage , to  reach 25 . 7 days of forward supply for the four weeks ending december 8 . this  moves jet fuel coverage above the 23 . 5 to 25 days ' supply range that it had  been in for the past four months . the rise of just under 1 day in forward  supply was mainly a response to a decline in apparent demand . jet inventories  and coverage are expected to become tighter in the coming weeks as the pull  from tight distillate markets strengthen , but supplies are expected to be  adequate for the winter .  * inventory coverage of residual fuel rose by almost 4 days of forward supply  from october , reaching 41 . 7 days of forward supply during the four weeks  ending december 8 . the increase in coverage was a temporary response to a  drop in demand and an increase in stocks . with demand expected to strengthen  because of colder weather and high gas prices , cera looks for inventories and  coverage gradually to decline in the coming weeks .  * * end * *  this cera alert will be available in pdf format within 24 hours .  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information  from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is  confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,  distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,  in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates",0,refined products line north american markets cera alert decem ber cera alert december title refined products line north american markets cera knowledge areas refined products us margin highlights responding falling apparent demand rising primary inventory levels us gulf coast unleaded gasoline margins versus wti fell per barrel average per barrel november gasoline margins returned historically normal range spending summer exceptionally high values cera expects gasoline margins wti average per barrel first quarter new year per barrel lower year first quarter average high sulfur fuel oil differentials wti dropped slightly averaging per barrel november despite drop per barrel october average fuel oil differentials remain unprecedented values per barrel higher year ago per barrel greater previous five year average first quarter cera anticipates distillate margins moderate somewhat remain record high level per barrel first quarter jet kerosene differentials versus wti rose per barrel october average reaching whopping per barrel november correspondence distillate market jet kerosene margins historically high levels receiving support relatively tight fundamentals cera expects jet kerosene margins moderate somewhat first quarter response seasonal weakening demand following holiday travel season remain exceptionally strong average per barrel margins us gulf coast sulfur residual fuel dropped per barrel reaching per barrel wti november despite recent widening differentials cera expects soaring natural gas prices support relatively narrow residual fuel differentials throughout winter months residual fuel differentials expected average per barrel wti first quarter next year high end historical range us demand highlights apparent demand unleaded gasoline fell seasonally million barrels per day mbd october level reaching mbd four weeks ending december demand averaging less percent last year largely k concerns helped inflate december demand year ago cera anticipates gasoline demand continue decline seasonally colder temperatures arrive averaging mbd first quarter reported distillate apparent demand remains exceptionally strong mbd four weeks ending december percent greater time last year represents slight increase million barrels mb end october level mb still record high level early december support low home heating oil inventories particularly northeast distillate demand strong fall cera expects demand remain strong coming winter months averaging mb first quarter next year apparent demand jet fuel declined percent october level reach mbd four weeks ending december despite decline apparent jet fuel demand percent year ago level relative strength jet fuel reported demand continues parallel distillate demand strength support coming use jet fuel help mitigate tight distillate market fundamentals cera expects demand jet fuel average mb fourth quarter reported demand residual fuel dropped mbd four weeks ending december decline mbd october average slight increase november level demand residual fuel currently percent greater last year surging natural gas prices expected result continued strong residual fuel demand throughout winter residual fuel demand expected remain mbd range first quarter us inventory highlights primary inventories unleaded gasoline rose mb increasing almost mb end october value responding rising stock levels declining apparent demand forward supply coverage gasoline climbed days four weeks ending december forward supply percent last year level time year lowest level past eight years although cera still believes coverage currently sufficient level demand expected winter however cera looking cautiously implications high distillate refinery yields production possibility low gasoline inventories start driving season second quarter next year distillate inventory coverage remained level since end october days forward supply four weeks ending december despite record high apparent demand strong refinery production levels helped boost primary distillate inventories slightly mb period primary stocks percent last year level time lowest historical level ever although stocks low cera anticipate shortages occur winter assuming normally cold weather refinery production net imports expected capable meeting demand requirements albeit high price jet fuel inventory coverage crept upward day coverage reach days forward supply four weeks ending december moves jet fuel coverage days supply range past four months rise day forward supply mainly response decline apparent demand jet inventories coverage expected become tighter coming weeks pull tight distillate markets strengthen supplies expected adequate winter inventory coverage residual fuel rose almost days forward supply october reaching days forward supply four weeks ending december increase coverage temporary response drop demand increase stocks demand expected strengthen colder weather high gas prices cera looks inventories coverage gradually decline coming weeks end cera alert available pdf format within hours electronic message attachments contain information cambridge energy research associates inc cera confidential may privileged unauthorized disclosure copying distribution use contents message attachments whole part strictly prohibited terms use http www cera com tos html questions comments webmaster cera com copyright cambridge energy research associates
"Subject: look to our shop for all your prescription needs .  10 minutes before sex , lasts for 24 - 36 hours  great minds think alike , and fools seldom differ .  models are to be used , not believed .  it is light grief that can take counsel .  a wide screen just makes a bad film twice as bad .",1,look shop prescription needs minutes sex lasts hours great minds think alike fools seldom differ models used believed light grief take counsel wide screen makes bad film twice bad
"Subject: apex conference 2000 update  apex 2000 is an opportunity to join colleagues from around the globe for a  conference on relevant , timely and strategic issues facing our industry .  delegates and speakers from asia , australia , europe and north and south  americas will be meeting in canada in october to discuss issues that will  shape electrical deregulation in the foreseeable future . the conference is  scheduled for october 25 and 26 , 2000 in kananaskis , near calgary , alberta .  visit the apex 2000 conference web site at  http : / / www . apex 2000 conf . com / update 4 . html for more details and an updated  list of speakers and topics . registration space is limited ! don ' t miss out !  plan to be a part of this forum on significant issues and opportunities  facing the electric industry as it moves through deregulation .  any questions or inquiries should be forwarded to apex 2000 @ incentre . net or  by phone at 1 - 403 - 244 - 4487 or by fax at 1 - 403 - 244 - 2340 .",0,apex conference update apex opportunity join colleagues around globe conference relevant timely strategic issues facing industry delegates speakers asia australia europe north south americas meeting canada october discuss issues shape electrical deregulation foreseeable future conference scheduled october kananaskis near calgary alberta visit apex conference web site http www apex conf com update html details updated list speakers topics registration space limited miss plan part forum significant issues opportunities facing electric industry moves deregulation questions inquiries forwarded apex incentre net phone fax
"Subject: vince kaminski  vince :  did you get the below email from jim garven ?  would you be able to stay over and speak at the risk management fraternity  and perhaps come in a day early and speak to his students ?  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 05 / 2000  02 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jim garven on 12 / 05 / 2000 02 : 09 : 27 pm  to : "" shirley crenshaw ""  cc :  subject : vince kaminski  dear ms . crenshaw ,  on november 28 , i sent vince kaminski an email inviting him to visit baylor  university ( where i now hold an appointment as professor of finance having resigned from lsu this pas spring ) . ? i have yet to receive  a reply from him . ? can you bring this email ( copied below ) to his attention ?  thanks ,  jim garven  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  dear vince ,  since we last corresponded , i have left lsu and am now professor of finance &  insurance at baylor university in waco , tx . my colleague at baylor , john  martin , mentioned that you will be coming to campus for a conference on  friday , february 23 that he is organizing . i am curious whether your schedule  might permit staying over that evening so that we can feature you as our  dinner speaker for the chartering ceremony of gamma iota sigma , a national  risk management fraternity . for that matter , would you also possibly be  available to make any presentations to undergraduate and graduate students on  the previous day ( thursday , february 22 ) ? what i have in mind is a  presentation similar to the presentations you made last spring to my lsu  classes .  thank you for your consideration of this request . i am looking forward to  seeing you once again .  sincerely ,  jim garven  james r . garven , ph . d .  professor of finance & insurance  department of finance , insurance and real estate  hankamer school of business  hsb 336  baylor university  box 98004  waco , tx ? 76798  voice : ( 254 ) 710 - 6207  fax : ( 603 ) 994 - 6680  e - mail : ? james _ garven @ baylor . edu  home page : http : / / garven . baylor . edu  vita : http : / / garven . baylor . edu / dossier . html  research paper archive : http : / / garven . baylor . edu / research . html ",0,vince kaminski vince get email jim garven would able stay speak risk management fraternity perhaps come day early speak students shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm jim garven pm shirley crenshaw cc subject vince kaminski dear ms crenshaw november sent vince kaminski email inviting visit baylor university hold appointment professor finance resigned lsu pas spring yet receive reply bring email copied attention thanks jim garven dear vince since last corresponded left lsu professor finance insurance baylor university waco tx colleague baylor john martin mentioned coming campus conference friday february organizing curious whether schedule might permit staying evening feature dinner speaker chartering ceremony gamma iota sigma national risk management fraternity matter would also possibly available make presentations undergraduate graduate students previous day thursday february mind presentation similar presentations made last spring lsu classes thank consideration request looking forward seeing sincerely jim garven james r garven ph professor finance insurance department finance insurance real estate hankamer school business hsb baylor university box waco tx voice fax e mail james garven baylor edu home page http garven baylor edu vita http garven baylor edu dossier html research paper archive http garven baylor edu research html
"Subject: new breed of equity trader  $ $ $ $ $ $ $ world stock report for tuesday july 05 , 2005 $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $  good day to all broker ' s , day trader ' s and investor ' s world stock report  has become famous with some great stock picks in the otc , small cap  market ' s ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! here at world stock report we work on what we here  from the street . rumor ' s circulating and keeping the focus on the company ' s  news . we pick our companies based on there growth potential . we focus on  stocks that have great potential to move up in price ! ! ! while giving  you liquitity .  our latest pick is cdgt .  symbol : cdgt  current price : $ 3 . 90  short term 7 day projection : $ 8 - 9  we give it to you again as a gift . this company is doing incredible things .  thay have cash and have made great strategic aquisitions .  current price $ 3 . 85 to $ 4 . 00 . word on the sreet is strong buy .  this company has dropped big new ' s in the past .  who ' s to say they don ' t have another big one .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  press release source : china digital media corporation  china digital media corporation announces an investment in second television  drama - ' xiguan affairs ' hong kong , june 29 / xinhua - prnewswire / - -  china digital media corporation ( ' ' digimedia ' ' ) ( otc : cdgt - news ;  otc bulletin board : cdgt - news ) with its subsidiaries ( together the ' ' group ' ' )  announced today the group is committed to invest rmb 4 , 680 , 000 for a minority  interests in a television drama , ' ' xiguan affairs ' ' , in the peoples republic of  china with guangdong runshi movie & music production co . , ltd . ( ' ' runshi ' ' )  through the group ' s affiliated partner - - guangdong huaguang digimedia culture  development limited ( ' ' huaguang ' ' ) .  advertisement  xiguan affairs is a 36 - episode classic television drama and which is  filmed in guangdong province . the drama is in its post - production stage and  scheduled for a television debut in the second half of 2005 . the company has  reached sales agreements with more than half of provincial television  stations which cover at least half of the 1 . 14 billion tv viewers in china .  the company expects the drama will generate profits in 2005 .  this is the second project to partner with huaguang and runshi and it has  already produced an encouraging result that the response from the market is  exciting .  remember the gains from our recent strong buy recommendations . . .  disclaimer :  information within this email contains "" forwardlooking statements "" within  the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of  thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve  discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,  plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or  performance are not statements of historical fact and may be "" forward  looking statements . "" forwardlooking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made  that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual  results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use  of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" , "" will , "" "" anticipates , ""  "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" understands "" or that by statements indicating  certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur . risk factors include  general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop  specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer  and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has  little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent  that the information contained in this message states all material facts or  does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to  investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and  not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers  and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities  representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this  email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any  kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on  the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this  stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .  the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or  investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section  17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred  thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or  affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an  inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the  fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without  notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing  you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from  public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites  and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this  informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or  completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your  acceptance of these terms .",1,new breed equity trader world stock report tuesday july good day broker day trader investor world stock report become famous great stock picks otc small cap market world stock report work street rumor circulating keeping focus company news pick companies based growth potential focus stocks great potential move price giving liquitity latest pick cdgt symbol cdgt current price short term day projection give gift company incredible things thay cash made great strategic aquisitions current price word sreet strong buy company dropped big new past say another big one press release press release press release source china digital media corporation china digital media corporation announces investment second television drama xiguan affairs hong kong june xinhua prnewswire china digital media corporation digimedia otc cdgt news otc bulletin board cdgt news subsidiaries together group announced today group committed invest rmb minority interests television drama xiguan affairs peoples republic china guangdong runshi movie music production co ltd runshi group affiliated partner guangdong huaguang digimedia culture development limited huaguang advertisement xiguan affairs episode classic television drama filmed guangdong province drama post production stage scheduled television debut second half company reached sales agreements half provincial television stations cover least half billion tv viewers china company expects drama generate profits second project partner huaguang runshi already produced encouraging result response market exciting remember gains recent strong buy recommendations disclaimer information within email contains forwardlooking statements within meaning section aof securities act section b thesecurities exchange act statements express involve discussions respect predictions expectations beliefs plans projections objectives goals assumptions future events performance statements historical fact may forward looking statements forwardlooking statements based expectations estimates projections time statements made involve number risks uncertainties could cause actual results events differ materially presently anticipated forward looking statements action may identified use words projects foresee expects anticipates estimates believes understands statements indicating certain actions may could might occur risk factors include general economic business conditions ability acquire develop specific projects ability fund operations changes consumer business consumption habits factors overwhich company little control publisher newsletter represent information contained message states material facts omit material fact necessary make statements therein misleading information provided within email pertaining investing stocks securities must understood information provided investment advice publisher newsletter advises readers subscribers seek advice registered professional securities representative deciding trade stocks featured within email none material within report shall construed kind investment advice solicitation many companies verge bankruptcy lose money investing stock urge read company sec filings invest publisher newsletter registered invstment advisor subscribers view information herein legal tax accounting investment advice compliance securitiesact section b publisher newsletter contracted receive six hundred thousand free trading shares third party officer director affiliate shareholder circulation report aware inherent conflict interest resulting compensation due fact paid advertisement without bias party paid us position stock sell anytime without notice could negative impact price stock causing lose money factual information report gathered public sources including limited sec filings company websites company press releases publisher newsletter believes informationto eliable make guarantee accuracy completeness use material within email constitutes acceptance terms
Subject: elena chilkha  please fill - out the evaluation sheets on elena chilkina .  thanks sorry i didn ' t includ the evalutation form .,0,elena chilkha please fill evaluation sheets elena chilkina thanks sorry includ evalutation form
"Subject: re : meet during cmu visit ?  aziz ,  please , contact me before or after the presentation and we can find  a time slot to chat later on friday .  vince  al 3 v on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 59 : 11 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : meet during cmu visit ?  dr . kaminski :  i am a ph . d . student here at carnegie mellon who has a long - standing  interest in the energy industry .  i have recently developed the framework of a simple model for electricity  prices that i would like your opinion on . could you please chalk out some  time for me during your cmu visit this friday ?  unlike traditional electricty pricing models , which assume that the  log - price is a sum of a couple of stochastic factors , i assume that some  fundamentals of the electricity market are driven by stochastic factors .  next , given the current values of these factors , price is determined by  economic forces of profit maximization by price setting electricity  generators . unlike typical factor models , the factors in my model are  potentially observable .  thank you ,  aziz a . lookman  graduate school of industrial administration  5000 forbes avenue  carnegie mellon university  pittsburgh , pa 15213  tel : 412 - 268 - 3681  fax : 412 - 268 - 6837  ( pls . mark the fax c / o jackie cavendish )",0,meet cmu visit aziz please contact presentation find time slot chat later friday vince al v pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject meet cmu visit dr kaminski ph student carnegie mellon long standing interest energy industry recently developed framework simple model electricity prices would like opinion could please chalk time cmu visit friday unlike traditional electricty pricing models assume log price sum couple stochastic factors assume fundamentals electricity market driven stochastic factors next given current values factors price determined economic forces profit maximization price setting electricity generators unlike typical factor models factors model potentially observable thank aziz lookman graduate school industrial administration forbes avenue carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa tel fax pls mark fax c jackie cavendish
"Subject: var update memo  hi grant ,  as requested i have sent a quick summary document giving an up - to - date  description of the var model .  i may well have missed some points but cantekin has worked closely with me on  any changes so it is worth  consulting him on any details i have missed .  thanks  kirstee",0,var update memo hi grant requested sent quick summary document giving date description var model may well missed points cantekin worked closely changes worth consulting details missed thanks kirstee
"Subject: give your partner more pleasure  the longz system , both the capsules and the free instructional manual , give  you the most effective ways to reach immediate size gains and improve the  strength and power of your erections .  90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina ,  performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ?  my name is charles , and i wanted to thank you for your personal attention  ( and answers to my extra questions ) , your support team is exceptional and  made me feel like a real valued customer . keep it up and thanks again !  - charles , ontario  check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd  http : / / tgo . t . . com / k /  po box in link above and you can say no thank you for future  under ordinary circumstances the stern features and flashing black eyes of  this redoubtable warrior would have struck a chill of fear to the boy ' s  heart ; but now under the influence of the crushing misfortunes he had  experienced , he was able to gaze with indifference upon the terrible visage  of the desert chief . the tatar seemed not to consider rob an enemy  instead , he looked upon him as an ally , since the turks had bound and  robbed him",1,give partner pleasure longz system capsules free instructional manual give effective ways reach immediate size gains improve strength power erections males interested improving sexual stamina performance size manhood one name charles wanted thank personal attention answers extra questions support team exceptional made feel like real valued customer keep thanks charles ontario check male enhancement formula free dvd http tgo com k po box link say thank future ordinary circumstances stern features flashing black eyes redoubtable warrior would struck chill fear boy heart influence crushing misfortunes experienced able gaze indifference upon terrible visage desert chief tatar seemed consider rob enemy instead looked upon ally since turks bound robbed
"Subject: 10 minutes before sex , lasts for 24 - 36 hours  best prescription generic meds 4 less .  ready tears are a sign of treachery , not of grief .  life is a zoo in a jungle .  we two are to ourselves a crowd .",1,minutes sex lasts hours best prescription generic meds less ready tears sign treachery grief life zoo jungle two crowd
"Subject: fyi : energy operations promotions  hi vince , scott pleus ( listed below in the director promotion section ) is  bandwidth - trading backoffice person we  , ve been working with . i have known  scott from ebs since he and i started around the same time . in fact , i was  one of the first people to talk to sally beck about booking some of our  network positions  * at which time i met scott . i know we have discussed this  matter many times before , but this is a specific example of how people at all  functional areas are benefiting from ebs ' rapid ' growth . ' scott has been at  enron for about the same time i have been . he came from another energy  company ' s backoffice before that .  as for my specific situation , after our discussion yesterday , i understand  clearly what happened . it appears bad luck had a lot to do with it ! ! !  thanks for looking into the promotion in the first place and i am certain  that you ' ll push the promotion through at the earliest convenience of the hr  folks !  kind regards ,  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 08 / 00 09 : 22  am - - - - -  sally beck @ enron  sent by : enron announcements @ enron  02 / 07 / 00 07 : 01 am  to : all ena domestic employees  cc :  subject : energy operations promotions  ena energy operations  sally beck vice president of energy operations  i am pleased to announce the following promotions effective february 1 within  ena energy operations . these individuals have been promoted in recognition  of their outstanding performance and their contributions to the continuing  success of enron north america . please join me in congratulating these  employees on their promotions .  promotions to senior director  kristin albrecht serves as business controller for ena  , s power business .  along with leslie reeves , kristin ensures that power transactions are handled  accurately and smoothly from beginning to end . kristin  , s primary focus is on  risk controls and daily reporting of positions and p & l for east power  trading , west power trading and genco operations .  brenda herod serves as business controller for ena  , s assets business , working  with the gas assets group and the texas trading desk . her responsibilities  include global contracts and facilities , risk management , confirmations , gas  scheduling , volume management , settlements and regulatory compliance for  houston pipeline , lrc and enron midstream services .  leslie reeves is a business controller for ena  , s power business , working  closely with kristin albrecht in managing mid and back office support for the  east , west and genco power trading groups . her primary responsibilities are  documentation and settlements , with a focus on contract administration , cash  forecasting and cash management .  mary solmonson leads ena  , s global database management group , collecting and  validating information on our customers , contracts , pipelines and facilities ,  as well as published prices . these activities support overall energy  operations responsibilities from risk to logistics to settlement . in  addition , mary has been instrumental in the promotion and implementation of  the global systems across enron to provide control , consistency , and common  data throughout the organization .  promotions to director  scott pleus serves as business controller for enron  , s emerging products .  these businesses include bandwidth , pulp and paper , and weather . his primary  responsibilities include day - to - day functions of risk management ,  confirmations , pulp and paper scheduling , and settlements as well as long  term system development .  sheri thomas led ena  , s natural gas off - system settlements function throughout  1999 . her responsibilities included cash forecasting , collections , and  accountability for receivables and payables for ena  , s gas business in the  east , west and central regions of the us . sheri accepted a new assignment in  january 2000 and is now managing the enron online operations .  promotions to manager  bennett kaufman manages the risk management administration function for the  equity trading and debt trading groups . he has also had experience in  supporting the options book for natural gas derivatives trading . prior to  joining enron in early 1998 , bennett worked in trading operations for  investment banking firms in new york .  richard mckeel is the systems integration analyst within global database  management , overseeing the change management process and new software  development needed to interface the global applications with strategic  systems  ) sitara , unify , enpower , solarc , sap , and enrononline .  other promotions  specialist to senior specialist : analyst to specialist :  sylvia campos  ) deal compliance contract records tara eslick  ) financial  trading risk management  kam keiser  ) gas risk management - central desk victoria versen  ) gas  logistics - east desk  phillip love  ) risk controls operational analysis  jeff coats  ) gas risk management - central desk  monica lande  ) west power risk management ( portland ) senior clerk to staff :  trang le  ) strategic operations  ) project unify  john postlewaite  ) east power risk management anthony campos  ) deal  compliance contract records  diane seib  ) documentation ( calgary ) kori loibl  ) gas risk management -  financial books  donnie vinson  ) west power risk management ( portland )  imelda frayre  ) strategic operations - project sitara  clerk to senior clerk :  staff to specialist :  leslie smith  ) information & records management  amy degeyter  ) power documentation melinda whalen  ) documentation ( calgary )  michael nguyen  ) emerging products risk management  sherlyn schumack  ) logistics volume management  karie hastings  ) strategic operations - project sitara  in addition , peggy hedstrom and brent price were promoted to vice president ,  as announced in the memo issued by enron corp . office of the chairman . peggy  leads energy operations for enron canada , with responsibility for risk  management , documentation and gas logistics . peggy also serves as a key  interface with canadian pipelines as a member of several industry  committees . brent is the senior business controller for gas trading  operations in the u . s . his responsibilities include risk management ,  confirmations , volume management and settlements for the east , west and  central regions . he also provides operational expertise in the due diligence  phase of the evaluations of joint ventures and acquisitions .",0,fyi energy operations promotions hi vince scott pleus listed director promotion section bandwidth trading backoffice person working known scott ebs since started around time fact one first people talk sally beck booking network positions time met scott know discussed matter many times specific example people functional areas benefiting ebs rapid growth scott enron time came another energy company backoffice specific situation discussion yesterday understand clearly happened appears bad luck lot thanks looking promotion first place certain push promotion earliest convenience hr folks kind regards ravi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications sally beck enron sent enron announcements enron ena domestic employees cc subject energy operations promotions ena energy operations sally beck vice president energy operations pleased announce following promotions effective february within ena energy operations individuals promoted recognition outstanding performance contributions continuing success enron north america please join congratulating employees promotions promotions senior director kristin albrecht serves business controller ena power business along leslie reeves kristin ensures power transactions handled accurately smoothly beginning end kristin primary focus risk controls daily reporting positions p l east power trading west power trading genco operations brenda herod serves business controller ena assets business working gas assets group texas trading desk responsibilities include global contracts facilities risk management confirmations gas scheduling volume management settlements regulatory compliance houston pipeline lrc enron midstream services leslie reeves business controller ena power business working closely kristin albrecht managing mid back office support east west genco power trading groups primary responsibilities documentation settlements focus contract administration cash forecasting cash management mary solmonson leads ena global database management group collecting validating information customers contracts pipelines facilities well published prices activities support overall energy operations responsibilities risk logistics settlement addition mary instrumental promotion implementation global systems across enron provide control consistency common data throughout organization promotions director scott pleus serves business controller enron emerging products businesses include bandwidth pulp paper weather primary responsibilities include day day functions risk management confirmations pulp paper scheduling settlements well long term system development sheri thomas led ena natural gas system settlements function throughout responsibilities included cash forecasting collections accountability receivables payables ena gas business east west central regions us sheri accepted new assignment january managing enron online operations promotions manager bennett kaufman manages risk management administration function equity trading debt trading groups also experience supporting options book natural gas derivatives trading prior joining enron early bennett worked trading operations investment banking firms new york richard mckeel systems integration analyst within global database management overseeing change management process new software development needed interface global applications strategic systems sitara unify enpower solarc sap enrononline promotions specialist senior specialist analyst specialist sylvia campos deal compliance contract records tara eslick financial trading risk management kam keiser gas risk management central desk victoria versen gas logistics east desk phillip love risk controls operational analysis jeff coats gas risk management central desk monica lande west power risk management portland senior clerk staff trang le strategic operations project unify john postlewaite east power risk management anthony campos deal compliance contract records diane seib documentation calgary kori loibl gas risk management financial books donnie vinson west power risk management portland imelda frayre strategic operations project sitara clerk senior clerk staff specialist leslie smith information records management amy degeyter power documentation melinda whalen documentation calgary michael nguyen emerging products risk management sherlyn schumack logistics volume management karie hastings strategic operations project sitara addition peggy hedstrom brent price promoted vice president announced memo issued enron corp office chairman peggy leads energy operations enron canada responsibility risk management documentation gas logistics peggy also serves key interface canadian pipelines member several industry committees brent senior business controller gas trading operations u responsibilities include risk management confirmations volume management settlements east west central regions also provides operational expertise due diligence phase evaluations joint ventures acquisitions
"Subject: @ jones : news and information from the jones school  @ jones : news and information from the jones school  march 13 , 2001  forbes magazine survey  alumni association reception - - new york : march 15  conference - - perspectives on women in business : march 16  southwest business plan competition - - march 30 - 31  rice alliance business presentation forum - - march 30  cancelled - - neuhaus lecture : march 19  dean ' s lecture - - ralph eads , executive vice president , el paso corp . : april  11  black leadership conference : april 27  prof . stephen zeff publishes new book on henry rand hatfield , accounting  historian  rice alliance continues expansion of network , enhances services  jones school campaign  visit construction site  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  announcement  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  if those of you in the class of 1996 haven ' t received the forbes magazine  survey , please do fill it out when it comes . forbes is looking at return on  investment . your names and addresses will not be used for any other purpose  beyond this one - page questionnaire and your responses will remain  confidential . as you know , rankings are influenced by the percentage of the  class which returns the survey . this is true for all rankings . we greatly  appreciate your taking your time to do this and thank you for supporting the  jones school .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  news  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the jones graduate school alumni association will host a dean ' s reception on  thursday , march 15 , in new york city . you and your guest are invited to join  gil whitaker , dean and professor of business economics , for cocktails and  hors d  , oeuvres from 6 to 8 p . m . on march 15 at the 50 th floor , j . p . morgan  chase & co . building , 270 park avenue , new york , ny . please rsvp to deanna  sheaffer , director of finance and alumni affairs , at sheaffer @ rice . edu or  713 - 348 - 6222 .  managers and business owners will address issues related to women in  leadership in the march 16 conference "" grace under pressure : perspectives on  women in leadership "" in herring hall . the conference , sponsored by enron  corp . , j . p . morgan chase monika drake , assistant director of career planning , jones  school ; marla hutchison , principal , deloitte consulting ; christie patrick ,  vice president , public affairs , enron corp . ; and bette wickline , director ,  women  , s business initiative , j . p . morgan chase & co .  the march 19 neuhaus lecture featuring c . k . prahalad , harvey c . fruehauf  professor of business administration , university of michigan graduate school  of business administration , ann arbor , has been cancelled . it will be  rescheduled at a later date .  the jones school and the rice alliance will welcome aspiring entrepreneurs  at the first southwest business plan competition , scheduled for march 30 - 31 ,  at herring hall . nine teams from schools in the southwest region of the u . s .  will compete for the opportunity to enter the international moot corpc  competition held each year at the university of texas , austin .  http : / / www . alliance . rice . edu / swbpc /  the rice alliance hosts the second annual business plan presentation forum  from 9 a . m . to 1 : 30 p . m . on saturday , march 31 , duncan hall . the forum is  intended to provide presenters with candid and constructive coaching on the  components of their business plans .  ralph eads , group executive vice president of merchant energy and production  for el paso corp . , will speak at the dean ' s lecture series scheduled for  9 : 45 a . m . on wednesday , april 11 at 124 herring hall .  http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / news / calendar / index . cfm ? eventrecord = 1735 author and  financial advisor brooke stevens ; shell oil company chairman steve miller ;  former u . s . secretary of energy hazel o ' leary ; and federal reserve board  member samuel golden . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / content / content . cfm ? pageid = 60  stephen zeff , the herbert s . autrey professor of accounting and professor of  managerial studies , was profiled in the march 1 edition of rice news for the  successful release of his book on accounting historian henry rand hatfield ,  the first first full - time accounting professor in a u . s . university .  in its 2001 rankings of the top full - time mba programs in the world , the  financial times ranked the jones school among the ten best in four  categories : value for money ; employed at three months ; finance ;  entrepreneurship . overall , the jones was ranked 35 th of 51 u . s . schools and  54 th among the world ' s best 100 graduate business schools .  the rice alliance for technology and entrepreneurship enters its second year  determined to enhance services that have promoted the entrepreneurial spirit  in the rice community and in houston . the alliance brings together students ,  faculty , alumni and other rice - associated parties as collaborators , mentors  and investors in engineering , science , software , or e - commerce innovations .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  online :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  visit the construction web cam url for up - to - the - minute live feeds of the  new jones school building construction .  learn about new and upcoming initiatives and programs at the school , and  view artist renderings of the new $ 60 million building , currently under  construction . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / campaign / campaign . html  @ jones : news and information from the jones school , the jones school  e - newsletter , is published monthly by the public relations department of the  jesse h . jones graduate school of management . the jones school website  http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu is updated frequently and we  encourage you to visit the site regularly to get the latest news and  information about new initiatives and programs at the jones school . to  submit items to be posted on the jones school website , please e - mail  jgsmnews @ rice . edu or call 713 - 348 - 6364 .",0,jones news information jones school jones news information jones school march forbes magazine survey alumni association reception new york march conference perspectives women business march southwest business plan competition march rice alliance business presentation forum march cancelled neuhaus lecture march dean lecture ralph eads executive vice president el paso corp april black leadership conference april prof stephen zeff publishes new book henry rand hatfield accounting historian rice alliance continues expansion network enhances services jones school campaign visit construction site announcement class received forbes magazine survey please fill comes forbes looking return investment names addresses used purpose beyond one page questionnaire responses remain confidential know rankings influenced percentage class returns survey true rankings greatly appreciate taking time thank supporting jones school news jones graduate school alumni association host dean reception thursday march new york city guest invited join gil whitaker dean professor business economics cocktails hors oeuvres p march th floor j p morgan chase co building park avenue new york ny please rsvp deanna sheaffer director finance alumni affairs sheaffer rice edu managers business owners address issues related women leadership march conference grace pressure perspectives women leadership herring hall conference sponsored enron corp j p morgan chase monika drake assistant director career planning jones school marla hutchison principal deloitte consulting christie patrick vice president public affairs enron corp bette wickline director women business initiative j p morgan chase co march neuhaus lecture featuring c k prahalad harvey c fruehauf professor business administration university michigan graduate school business administration ann arbor cancelled rescheduled later date jones school rice alliance welcome aspiring entrepreneurs first southwest business plan competition scheduled march herring hall nine teams schools southwest region u compete opportunity enter international moot corpc competition held year university texas austin http www alliance rice edu swbpc rice alliance hosts second annual business plan presentation forum p saturday march duncan hall forum intended provide presenters candid constructive coaching components business plans ralph eads group executive vice president merchant energy production el paso corp speak dean lecture series scheduled wednesday april herring hall http jonesgsm rice edu news calendar index cfm eventrecord author financial advisor brooke stevens shell oil company chairman steve miller former u secretary energy hazel leary federal reserve board member samuel golden http jonesgsm rice edu content content cfm pageid stephen zeff herbert autrey professor accounting professor managerial studies profiled march edition rice news successful release book accounting historian henry rand hatfield first first full time accounting professor u university rankings top full time mba programs world financial times ranked jones school among ten best four categories value money employed three months finance entrepreneurship overall jones ranked th u schools th among world best graduate business schools rice alliance technology entrepreneurship enters second year determined enhance services promoted entrepreneurial spirit rice community houston alliance brings together students faculty alumni rice associated parties collaborators mentors investors engineering science software e commerce innovations online visit construction web cam url minute live feeds new jones school building construction learn new upcoming initiatives programs school view artist renderings new million building currently construction http jonesgsm rice edu campaign campaign html jones news information jones school jones school e newsletter published monthly public relations department jesse h jones graduate school management jones school website http jonesgsm rice edu updated frequently encourage visit site regularly get latest news information new initiatives programs jones school submit items posted jones school website please e mail jgsmnews rice edu call
"Subject: your logo and visual identity from us  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of ioqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq  toois wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amongthe competitors .  you are just a click  away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,logo visual identity us thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom design ioqos stationery web sites carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq toois wiii bring breath fresh air business make stand amongthe competitors click away future success ciick see samples artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
"Subject: re :  lloyd ,  i think that we can arrange a few video conference meetings instead .  i don ' t see a justification for extending the stay over the weekend if we  have an alternative solution .  vince  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : lloyd fleming 07 / 06 / 2000 12 : 37 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  subject :  vince  i met maureen yesterday and had a useful discussion on her role within  enron . i think it would be very helpful to promote the research group  function of the company , particularly given maureen ' s background , if she  could be introduced to some of the main traders down at mg . unfortunately  she won ' t have time to meet with mg unless we can schedule some meetings on  monday .  would you be happy for her to extend her stay here till monday to allow the  meetings to take place ?  regards",0,lloyd think arrange video conference meetings instead see justification extending stay weekend alternative solution vince enron capital trade resources corp europe lloyd fleming pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc maureen raymond hou ect ect subject vince met maureen yesterday useful discussion role within enron think would helpful promote research group function company particularly given maureen background could introduced main traders mg unfortunately time meet mg unless schedule meetings monday would happy extend stay till monday allow meetings take place regards
"Subject: there  hello visioson @ hpp . za . net ,  a friend showed me a way out to get p . p . v . on tv and yet not pay anything ?  ha ha , yea , right , i mean it .  hit below and check it yourself :  http : / / balkis . look 4 express . info  easy to install .  to get off , just add slash r to the above address .  14 . ninety six bottles of beer , three a ' s , three b ' s , one c , two d ' s , twenty eight e ' s , seven f ' s , three g ' s , eight h ' s , thirteen i ' s , four l ' s , sixteen n ' s , nine o ' s , nine r ' s , twenty six s ' s , twenty t ' s , four u ' s , four v ' s , six w ' s , five x ' s , and five y ' s on the wall . .  i could go on and on , but i won ' t . we have many programs the children love . but i would give them all up to keep my boring noun program . i thank the parent daily for her insight . .  get back to you later ,  gordon sousa",1,hello visioson hpp za net friend showed way get p p v tv yet pay anything ha ha yea right mean hit check http balkis look express info easy install get add slash r address ninety six bottles beer three three b one c two twenty eight e seven f three g eight h thirteen four l sixteen n nine nine r twenty six twenty four u four v six w five x five wall could go many programs children love would give keep boring noun program thank parent daily insight get back later gordon sousa
"Subject: re : presentation  thanks !  you are probably familar with the format . . . 15 - 20 minutes for the  presentation  followed by 20 - 30 minutes for q & a .  see you at 7 : 30 am thursday in the lobby of the sonesta for breakfast !  ghw  "" vince j kaminski "" on 03 / 31 / 2000 12 : 48 : 58 pm  to : george wayne @ fpl  cc : "" vince j kaminski "" , vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : presentation  george ,  this is the presentation i promised .  vince  ( see attached file : fplo 400 . ppt )  - fplo 400 . ppt",0,presentation thanks probably familar format minutes presentation followed minutes q see thursday lobby sonesta breakfast ghw vince j kaminski pm george wayne fpl cc vince j kaminski vkaminski aol com subject presentation george presentation promised vince see attached file fplo ppt fplo ppt
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at mail 21 . voicenet . com .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 )  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 20328 invoked by uid 83 ) ; 26 jun 2005 11 : 30 : 48 - 0000  received : from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org by mail 21 by uid 11 with qmail - scanner - 1 . 20 - vn  ( clamuko : 0 . 86 . 1 . clear : rc : 0 ( 67 . 171 . 94 . 76 ) : .  processed in 0 . 55162 secs ) ; 26 jun 2005 11 : 30 : 48 - 0000  received : from c - 67 - 171 - 94 - 76 . hsdl . pa . comcast . net ( 67 . 171 . 94 . 76 )  by mail 21 . voicenet . com with smtp ; 26 jun 2005 11 : 30 : 48 - 0000  x - matched : c - 67 - 171 - 94 - 76 . hsdl . pa . comcast . net [ 67 . 171 . 94 . 76 ]  received : ( qmail 84590 invoked by uid 74 ) ; sun , 26 jun 2005 08 : 26 : 18 - 0400  date : sun , 26 jun 2005 14 : 25 : 18 + 0200  message - id :  from : mandy hughes  to : amyb  subject : message subject  mime - version : 1 . 0 ( produced by drudgeryearthmove 8 . 9 )  content - type : multipart / alternative ;  boundary = "" - - 222790264808428 ""  - - - - 222790264808428  content - type : text / html ;  charset = "" iso - 2840 - 8 ""  content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit  content - description : congresswomen chlorophyll dieldrin  dear  if you have reached the point where you can no longer keep up with your monthly bills , moneytrancecorp company offers an honorable alternative to bankruptcy .  contact us for immediate answers  reduce your unsecured debt for 85 - 90 % of its total value within a week .  stop harassing creditor phone calls  start making money with us .  best regards .  register and say "" good bye "" to your debts !  life without debts !  want to know more ? email us !  http : / / uscard - debt . com / index . php ? ref = wrw  - - - - 222790264808428 - -",1,failure notice hi qmail send program mail voicenet com afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work sorry mailbox name line copy message return path received qmail invoked uid jun received projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mail uid qmail scanner vn clamuko clear rc processed secs jun received c hsdl pa comcast net mail voicenet com smtp jun x matched c hsdl pa comcast net received qmail invoked uid sun jun date sun jun message id mandy hughes amyb subject message subject mime version produced drudgeryearthmove content type multipart alternative boundary content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit content description congresswomen chlorophyll dieldrin dear reached point longer keep monthly bills moneytrancecorp company offers honorable alternative bankruptcy contact us immediate answers reduce unsecured debt total value within week stop harassing creditor phone calls start making money us best regards register say good bye debts life without debts want know email us http uscard debt com index php ref wrw
"Subject: re : hello  hello vince ,  how are you this week ?  my week is pretty relaxing - i am taking the training for the very last  product of my company , called voicenet , and i will achieve the highest state  of initiation with destia ( viatel ) products , ha . . .  unfortunatelly i have not been promoted for business vip representative ( the  position associated with t - 1 ) as i do not have any experience with it .  i am blaming myself because i cannot discipline myself to study consequently  every day for gmat .  all the best to you and see you on saturday .  patrycja  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vkaminski @ aol . com [ mailto : vkaminski @ aol . com ]  sent : tuesday , march 14 , 2000 5 : 26 pm  to : patrycja . dalecka @ destia . com  subject : re : hello  hello ,  still in new york . leaving tomorrow night for houston . see you on saturday .  i shall send you more detailed directions on friday .  take care .  vince",0,hello hello vince week week pretty relaxing taking training last product company called voicenet achieve highest state initiation destia viatel products ha unfortunatelly promoted business vip representative position associated experience blaming discipline study consequently every day gmat best see saturday patrycja original message vkaminski aol com mailto vkaminski aol com sent tuesday march pm patrycja dalecka destia com subject hello hello still new york leaving tomorrow night houston see saturday shall send detailed directions friday take care vince
"Subject: java class starting feb 20 th .  some notes on the upcoming java class . we have an extremely high interest  in the class , which is good , but since we are limited to 15 students , not  everyone who expressed an interest could be accomodated .  those registered are :  1 martin lin  2 . chonawee  3 . tom barkley  4 . lance cunningham  5 . seksan kiatsupaibul  6 . wichai narongwanich  7 . praveen mellacheruvu  8 . sevil yaman  9 . stephen bennett  10 . sam smith  11 . jason sokolov  12 . jaesoo lew  13 . amitava dhar  14 . george hopley ' s group  15 . george hopley ' s group  each person taking the class will need to find a laptop computer ( shirley may  be able to help ) and be sure that the proper software is installed before the  course . chonawee will try to install the s / w on his laptop as a test case .  the class is divided into two weeks . each week consisting of 4 days , noon  to 5 p . m . the first four days are feb 20 - 23 , so mark your calendars . the  classes in feb . will be in 30 cl ( tuesday ) and 30 c 2 ( remainder of the week ) .  if you can not attend please let me know , so that others who want to take the  class can take your place .  - - stinson",0,java class starting feb th notes upcoming java class extremely high interest class good since limited students everyone expressed interest could accomodated registered martin lin chonawee tom barkley lance cunningham seksan kiatsupaibul wichai narongwanich praveen mellacheruvu sevil yaman stephen bennett sam smith jason sokolov jaesoo lew amitava dhar george hopley group george hopley group person taking class need find laptop computer shirley may able help sure proper software installed course chonawee try install w laptop test case class divided two weeks week consisting days noon p first four days feb mark calendars classes feb cl tuesday c remainder week attend please let know others want take class take place stinson
"Subject: packet analysis software  hi stinson , as per our discussion , here is the e - mail from jim on the  subject . i convinced jim that this type of modeling effort is our gig and he  completely agrees . as per jim ' s suggestion , he and i will talk more on the  product while we are in denver . i suspect that we will arrange for the vendor  to come to houston and do a presentation on the product and install the  product on our machines . as for additional development we should get john  bloomer and jim together in a meeting and hash out the requirements from john  bloomer ' s perspective .  using vince ' s analogy , this tool allows us to deternime the size of the cargo  space needed for fedex - like delivery ( our streaming media products ) . whereas ,  the optical light path switching ( ds - 3 , oc - 3 , oc - 12 and oc - 48 ) based trading  will reserve the underlying airline routes , etc . so the packet based stuff  is looking at the required capacity from ip layer ( network and transport :  level 3 and 4 ) requirements . the optical light path is level 1 & 2 based  requirements . that is this tool will allow john bloomer to size ( actually we  will do the analysis for him ) the capacity requirement that he would need for  the products that he is developing .  that is my take on the difference , we ' ll find out otherwise .  once i finish off this discussion with jim in denver , i suggest putting  martin lin on the job to find out more about the product and do the leg work  to arrange for vendor demo and software installation . martin will keep samer  and chonawee updated on the information that he gathers . martin please start  checking on the web about this company and other similiar produts . i will get  you contact number for ebs and the vendor as soon as jim provides them to  me .  avici uses this product . avici is a next generation router vendor that is  selling terabit routers . ebs is an investor in that company .  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 08 / 00 03 : 47  pm - - - - -  jim irvine  03 / 08 / 00 12 : 33 pm  to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject :  ravi  attached is an overview of what opnet technologies itdg and modeler ( v ) 7 . 0  offers out of the box . as previously mentioned , we have purchased this s / w  and are discussing potential co - development of module ( s ) currently not  supported . my belief is we can spin up a couple of your studs and develop  our own stuff faster @ a fraction of the cost . avici , used opnet to develop  a circuit emulation model for their tsr and cisco used opnet for mpls and dpt  modeling . these guys are willing brides at this point . we just need to  clearly identify their role in the network performance management and  modeling space . we will have to talk more in denver .  my flight arrives @ 10 : 00 ish and i am told that rental cars are scarce .  jim  - - - - - forwarded by jim irvine / enron communications on 03 / 08 / 00 10 : 18 am - - - - -  mvaghedi @ mil 3 . com  01 / 12 / 00 02 : 10 pm  to : jim irvine / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject :  - version 7 . 0 capability list - final - vl . 3 . 00 . doc  mani vaghedi  mil 3 , inc .  itdg sales engineer  tel . ( 408 ) 562 - 5757 ext . 3200  fax : ( 408 ) 562 - 5758  mvaghedi @ mil 3 . com  http : / / www . mil 3 . com  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  please attend the industry ' s most informative decision support seminar  register today for free seminar at www . mil 3 . com / seminars . html  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  - att 2 . htm",0,packet analysis software hi stinson per discussion e mail jim subject convinced jim type modeling effort gig completely agrees per jim suggestion talk product denver suspect arrange vendor come houston presentation product install product machines additional development get john bloomer jim together meeting hash requirements john bloomer perspective using vince analogy tool allows us deternime size cargo space needed fedex like delivery streaming media products whereas optical light path switching ds oc oc oc based trading reserve underlying airline routes etc packet based stuff looking required capacity ip layer network transport level requirements optical light path level based requirements tool allow john bloomer size actually analysis capacity requirement would need products developing take difference find otherwise finish discussion jim denver suggest putting martin lin job find product leg work arrange vendor demo software installation martin keep samer chonawee updated information gathers martin please start checking web company similiar produts get contact number ebs vendor soon jim provides avici uses product avici next generation router vendor selling terabit routers ebs investor company ravi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications pm jim irvine pm ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications cc subject ravi attached overview opnet technologies itdg modeler v offers box previously mentioned purchased w discussing potential co development module currently supported belief spin couple studs develop stuff faster fraction cost avici used opnet develop circuit emulation model tsr cisco used opnet mpls dpt modeling guys willing brides point need clearly identify role network performance management modeling space talk denver flight arrives ish told rental cars scarce jim forwarded jim irvine enron communications mvaghedi mil com pm jim irvine enron communications enron communications cc subject version capability list final vl doc mani vaghedi mil inc itdg sales engineer tel ext fax mvaghedi mil com http www mil com please attend industry informative decision support seminar register today free seminar www mil com seminars html att htm
"Subject: join focus groups to earn money  a la carte research recruits for focus groups across the country . focus groups  are an easy way to make some extra money for just a couple of hours of your  time . each group is only for the purpose of learning your opinions . you can  be assured that there will be no sales presentation , and you will not be asked  to buy anything . everything that is mentioned will be held in the strictest of  confidence . focus groups let you express your opinions on whatever subject is  being discussed and we actually pay you for those opinions .  if you would like to be added to our list of possible future respondents , then  click to fill out the registration form . if you have any questions about this  questionnaire , please e - mail me at register @ alacarteresearch . com  sincerely ,  john mooney",1,join focus groups earn money la carte research recruits focus groups across country focus groups easy way make extra money couple hours time group purpose learning opinions assured sales presentation asked buy anything everything mentioned held strictest confidence focus groups let express opinions whatever subject discussed actually pay opinions would like added list possible future respondents click fill registration form questions questionnaire please e mail register alacarteresearch com sincerely john mooney
Subject: benachrichtung  zum  ( fehlgeschlagen ) ? =  dies ist eine automatisch erstellte benachrichtigung + apw - ber den zustellstatus .  + anw - bermittlung an folgende empf + aoq - nger fehlgeschlagen .  jochenfechtel @ fetra . de,1,benachrichtung zum fehlgeschlagen dies ist eine automatisch erstellte benachrichtigung apw ber den zustellstatus anw bermittlung folgende empf aoq nger fehlgeschlagen jochenfechtel fetra de
"Subject: alp presentation  this will be in eb 49 cl  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 13 am  to : barrett @ rice . edu , uecker @ rice . edu , cmiller @ rice . edu , lounghrid @ rice . edu , luigical @ rice . edu  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron  subject : alp presentation  on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project presentation by a group of students  of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university .  the students will present the results of a research project regarding electronic trading  platforms in the energy industry .  the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith .  we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation .  vince kaminski  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com",0,alp presentation eb cl forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski barrett rice edu uecker rice edu cmiller rice edu lounghrid rice edu luigical rice edu cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect christie patrick hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect kenneth parkhill na enron enron subject alp presentation behalf enron corp would like invite alp project presentation group students jesse h jones graduate school management rice university students present results research project regarding electronic trading platforms energy industry presentation held may p enron smith would also like invite dinner following presentation vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone cell fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  rosita ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards rosita
"Subject: new businesses in london : weather & insurance  hi vince ,  talking to the staff in london , i heard that lynda clemmons and a few of the  key weather desk members left to start their own business . i am hearing that  london may gain more independence from houston and gain its own book and ,  interestingly , also having ideas about developing the insurance / insurance  derivatives market . i therefore thought this might be a useful opportunity  to formalise a gradual transfer of responsibility for weather deal pricing  from joe to myself plus start talking to vasant about the new markets on the  insurance side . i will call you later to discuss this with you .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383",0,new businesses london weather insurance hi vince talking staff london heard lynda clemmons key weather desk members left start business hearing london may gain independence houston gain book interestingly also ideas developing insurance insurance derivatives market therefore thought might useful opportunity formalise gradual transfer responsibility weather deal pricing joe plus start talking vasant new markets insurance side call later discuss regards anjam x
Subject: the most expensive car sold in graand !  cheap cars in graand !,1,expensive car sold graand cheap cars graand
"Subject: re : follow - up interview on 8 / 21 / 00  rabi ,  thanks for your message .  everybody who interviewed you was greatly impressed with your technical  skills and professional attitude .  we shall extend an offer to you within a day or two .  vince  rabi de on 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 57 : 37 pm  to : vince kaminsky  cc :  subject : follow - up interview on 8 / 21 / 00  dear dr . kaminsky :  thank you very much for arranging the follow - up interview with your internal  clients . i visited mr . ted murphy and his staff at rac and mr . dennis  benevides at ees yesterday . i was impressed with level of risk technology  employed by enron to achieve its business objectives . i want to reiterate my  strong interest in joining your group , which is held in very high esteem both  inside and outside of enron . ? i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  rabi s . de  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! mail - free email you can access from anywhere !",0,follow interview rabi thanks message everybody interviewed greatly impressed technical skills professional attitude shall extend offer within day two vince rabi de pm vince kaminsky cc subject follow interview dear dr kaminsky thank much arranging follow interview internal clients visited mr ted murphy staff rac mr dennis benevides ees yesterday impressed level risk technology employed enron achieve business objectives want reiterate strong interest joining group held high esteem inside outside enron look forward hearing sincerely rabi de yahoo yahoo mail free email access anywhere
"Subject: interview schedule - iris mack  attached please find the interview schedule , resume , and evaluation form for  iris mack . iris will be interviewing on december 28 , 2000 . please contact  me with any comments or concerns .  thank you ,  cheryl arguijo  ews staffing  713 - 345 - 4016",0,interview schedule iris mack attached please find interview schedule resume evaluation form iris mack iris interviewing december please contact comments concerns thank cheryl arguijo ews staffing
"Subject: approval for reviewer  shanbhogue , vasant has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your  approval . your may review / modify this list of reviewers by logging on to pep  at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and going to supervisor services . please  remember , no feedback can be completed on shanbhogue , vasant until you have  approved the list .",0,approval reviewer shanbhogue vasant suggested reviewers submitted approval may review modify list reviewers logging pep http pep corp enron com going supervisor services please remember feedback completed shanbhogue vasant approved list
"Subject: re : london visit  paul ,  thanks for your message . i am in process of  finalizing my plans for the trip to london in the end of  september . i delayed responding to you message till  i had more specific information .  unless there a major change in my schedule , i shall arrive  in london on monday morning ( september 18 ) and leave on  thursday in the evening .  please , let me know what would be convenient time  to meet . you can send me an e - mail message and my secretary  will contact to confirm the date and place of the meeting .  my assistant ' s name is shirley crenshaw and her phone  number is 713 853 5290 .  i look forward to meeting you , tom and julian .  vince kaminski  paul . e . day @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 08 / 25 / 2000 11 : 53 : 02 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tom . o . lewthwaite @ uk . arthurandersen . com ,  julian . leake @ uk . arthurandersen . com  subject : london visit  i understand that you will be in london around 20 september . tom lewthwaite  has  asked me to arrange a meeting between you , tom and julian leake . i understand  that you have met tom and julian before . i would also like to attend - i am  a  manager in our uk financial services practice with responsibilty for enron  from  a uk financial services perspective . we would like to discuss any risk  management concerns that you may have and any internal initiatives with which  we  could assist .  if you are happy to meet on this basis , i would be grateful if you could let  me  know how you to proceed ( whether i should arrange timings with you , your  secretary , someone in london etc ) . you can contact me on + 44 20 7783 7446 ( at  enron ' s london offices ) or on this e - mail address .  kind regards  paul day  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .",0,london visit paul thanks message process finalizing plans trip london end september delayed responding message till specific information unless major change schedule shall arrive london monday morning september leave thursday evening please let know would convenient time meet send e mail message secretary contact confirm date place meeting assistant name shirley crenshaw phone number look forward meeting tom julian vince kaminski paul e day uk arthurandersen com vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc tom lewthwaite uk arthurandersen com julian leake uk arthurandersen com subject london visit understand london around september tom lewthwaite asked arrange meeting tom julian leake understand met tom julian would also like attend manager uk financial services practice responsibilty enron uk financial services perspective would like discuss risk management concerns may internal initiatives could assist happy meet basis would grateful could let know proceed whether arrange timings secretary someone london etc contact enron london offices e mail address kind regards paul day internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed
Subject: take the pill and enjoy great sex  the men is rich when he is healthy !  let your life be a counter friction to stop the machine .  human reason is by nature architectonic .  all professions are conspiracies against the laity .,1,take pill enjoy great sex men rich healthy let life counter friction stop machine human reason nature architectonic professions conspiracies laity
"Subject: glad i madde the move  hello , welcome to phar coolie monline sho disrespectful p  - one yellowish of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops  labiate v  corrective g  a prostration l  l opposed l  l molecular a  encephalitis ra maillot cl  i stockjobbery sv mythicize a  analects um  andmanyother .  - s welding ave over 50 %  - worldwide sh resistance lpplng  - total confidentiaii purchasingpower ty  - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 countri canonization es  have a nice day calumniatory !",1,glad madde move hello welcome phar coolie monline sho disrespectful p one yellowish leading oniine pharmaceutical shops labiate v corrective g prostration l l opposed l l molecular encephalitis ra maillot cl stockjobbery sv mythicize analects um andmanyother welding ave worldwide sh resistance lpplng total confidentiaii purchasingpower ty miiiion customers countri canonization es nice day calumniatory
"Subject: interview with the enron research group  good morning frank :  vince kaminski and the enron research group would like to bring you to  houston for an interview , sometime around the last of januray or the first  of february . our human resources rep will be contacting you as to the  best day and time for you .  could you please furnish me an electronic version of your resume ? i will  need this to pass to the hr dept .  the people in the research group that will be interviewing you are :  vince kaminski managing director and head of research  stinson gibner vice president  krishna krishnarao director ( will be out of the office until the  end of january - thus the time frame )  vasant shanbhogue vice president  tanya tamarchenko director  zimin lu director  thank you very much and we look forward to seeing you soon .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,interview enron research group good morning frank vince kaminski enron research group would like bring houston interview sometime around last januray first february human resources rep contacting best day time could please furnish electronic version resume need pass hr dept people research group interviewing vince kaminski managing director head research stinson gibner vice president krishna krishnarao director office end january thus time frame vasant shanbhogue vice president tanya tamarchenko director zimin lu director thank much look forward seeing soon sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: re : status of enron project  howard ,  sorry for the delay .  i shall be able to get back to you next week . a very interesting new research  idea came up  and we have to close a few loops internally .  vince  "" kunreuther , howard "" on 04 / 05 / 2001 08 : 42 : 44 pm  to : "" kaminski ( e - mail ) ""  cc : "" kleindorfer , paul ""  subject : status of enron project  hi vince :  just a short note to indicate that we have not heard received any information  from your group since our discussion at wharton in february . we look forward  to get some information on what issues you would like us to spend some time  thinking about .  hope all is well .  regards ,  howard  howard kunreuther  cecilia yen koo professor of decisions sciences and public policy  chairperson operations and information management department  1326 steinberg hall - dietrich hall  wharton school  university of pennsylvania  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6366  phone : 215 - 898 - 4589  fax : 215 - 573 - 2130  email : kunreuth @ wharton . upenn . edu",0,status enron project howard sorry delay shall able get back next week interesting new research idea came close loops internally vince kunreuther howard pm kaminski e mail cc kleindorfer paul subject status enron project hi vince short note indicate heard received information group since discussion wharton february look forward get information issues would like us spend time thinking hope well regards howard howard kunreuther cecilia yen koo professor decisions sciences public policy chairperson operations information management department steinberg hall dietrich hall wharton school university pennsylvania philadelphia pa phone fax email kunreuth wharton upenn edu
"Subject: summer internship  hi vince ,  i am writing you at this time to inquire as to the potential of renewing my  internship at enron for the summer of 2000 .  while the date of my request is later than i would have wished , the reason  is that i had originally planned to go back to turkey this summer and get  my mandatory military duty done . however , i now realize i can put it off to  a further date . that left me wondering if you believe there is a project  that i can get involved in this summer and be useful . if that were the  case , i would be more than happy to postpone my military duty and spend the  summer with the research group . i discussed this with dr . ronn , and he is  very supportive of this idea .  i apologize again for bringing up this issue late , and look forward to  hearing from you .  best regards ,  - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  cantekin dincerler  doctoral candidate  the university of texas at austin  graduate school of business  department of finance  office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -",0,summer internship hi vince writing time inquire potential renewing internship enron summer date request later would wished reason originally planned go back turkey summer get mandatory military duty done however realize put date left wondering believe project get involved summer useful case would happy postpone military duty spend summer research group discussed dr ronn supportive idea apologize bringing issue late look forward hearing best regards oooo oooo cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate university texas austin graduate school business department finance office fax home http uts cc utexas edu cantekin oooo oooo
"Subject: re : proposed darden interview schedule - april 18  sherri :  2 : 00 pm on the 18 th of april is fine for vince kaminski .  his "" bio "" is attached . if you need anything else , please let me know .  shirley  enron north america corp .  from : sherri sera @ enron 04 / 11 / 2000 03 : 42 pm  to : bert frazier / hou / ect @ ect , karen owens / hou / ees @ ees , jewel meeks / enron  communications @ enron communications , mercedes estrada / enron  communications @ enron communications , bridget maronge / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : proposed darden interview schedule - april 18  ladies , i ' m trying to finalize this schedule prior to my vacation 4 / 13 - 14 .  please confirm that the time proposed below will work for your executive .  additionally , would you please e - mail me a bio for your executive ; the  professors have requested it .  thanks for your help . srs  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherri sera / corp / enron on 04 / 11 / 2000  03 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : sherri sera 03 / 31 / 2000 05 : 15 pm  to : gene humphrey / hou / ect @ ect , lou l pai / hou / ees @ ees , ken rice / enron  communications @ enron communications , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : bert frazier / hou / ect @ ect , karen owens / hou / ees @ ees , jewel meeks / enron  communications @ enron communications , mercedes estrada / enron  communications @ enron communications , bridget maronge / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : proposed darden interview schedule - april 18  below is proposed schedule for the darden case video - taped interviews ; an  hour has been scheduled for each of you ( except vince , for whom 1 - 1 / 2 hours  has been requested ) , however , you may be finished in less time . the location  is yet to be determined , but will most likely take place in a vacant office  of 50 m .  please let me know of any conflicts with this proposed schedule . i ' ll send  along additional information as it becomes available . thank you and have a  nice weekend . srs  8 : 00 a gene humphrey  9 : 00 a lou pai  10 : 00 a ken rice  11 : 00 a andy fastow  12 : 00 p break  2 : 00 p vince kaminski  3 : 30 p jeff skilling",0,proposed darden interview schedule april sherri pm th april fine vince kaminski bio attached need anything else please let know shirley enron north america corp sherri sera enron pm bert frazier hou ect ect karen owens hou ees ees jewel meeks enron communications enron communications mercedes estrada enron communications enron communications bridget maronge hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject proposed darden interview schedule april ladies trying finalize schedule prior vacation please confirm time proposed work executive additionally would please e mail bio executive professors requested thanks help srs forwarded sherri sera corp enron pm sherri sera pm gene humphrey hou ect ect lou l pai hou ees ees ken rice enron communications enron communications andrew fastow hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc bert frazier hou ect ect karen owens hou ees ees jewel meeks enron communications enron communications mercedes estrada enron communications enron communications bridget maronge hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject proposed darden interview schedule april proposed schedule darden case video taped interviews hour scheduled except vince hours requested however may finished less time location yet determined likely take place vacant office please let know conflicts proposed schedule send along additional information becomes available thank nice weekend srs gene humphrey lou pai ken rice andy fastow p break p vince kaminski p jeff skilling
"Subject: re : reminder  thanks , so much for your support !",0,reminder thanks much support
"Subject: re : your visit to enron  frank ,  great idea . i think it will be an opportunity to brainstorm about the problem .  vince  "" francis x . diebold "" on 11 / 06 / 2000 04 : 08 : 26 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : your visit to enron  vince ,  now that ' s an interesting idea - - the problem is that i don ' t really have any  work yet , as i am just now beginning ! but yes , why don ' t i put a talk  together  as to what i ' m thinking about , why it ' s important , why existing methods may be  inadequate , and how i think econometricians can contribute . does that sound  ok ?  f .  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > frank ,  >  > thanks a lot . are you planning to make a general presentation on your work  > in the weather area ? if this is the case , i would  > invite to our lunch meeting the traders from the weather derivatives  > desk .  >  > vince  >  > "" francis x . diebold "" on 11 / 04 / 2000 08 : 47 : 41 am  >  > to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  > cc : vince kaminski  > subject : re : your visit to enron  >  > shirley ,  >  > the 21 st is perfect . i will go ahead and purchase my plane tickets . would  > you  > please make me a hotel reservation for the night of the 21 st ?  >  > many thanks ,  >  > frank diebold  >  > shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote :  >  > > good morning professor diebold :  > >  > > i am vince kaminski ' s assistant and he has forwarded your emails to me  > > for scheduling purpose . unfortunately , we have a conflict on december  > > 14 th . can you possibly come on the 21 st ?  > >  > > i hope you have not already made your reservations . if i can do anything  > > to assist you , please let me know .  > >  > > best regards ,  > >  > > shirley crenshaw  > > administrative coordinator  > > enron research group  > > 713 - 853 - 5290  > >  > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on  > 11 / 03 / 2000  > > 09 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > >  > > vince j kaminski  > > 11 / 02 / 2000 04 : 30 pm  > >  > > to : "" francis x . diebold "" @ enron  > > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  > > subject : re : visit ? ( document link : shirley crenshaw )  > >  > > frank ,  > >  > > dec 14 would be better for us . we have already scheduled  > > an internal presentation on december 7 . please , go ahead and make a  > > reservation .  > > the best place to stay is hyatt regency downtown or doubletree downtown  > > ( within a walking distance to enron ) . it is important to specify the  > > downtown  > > location for both hotels .  > >  > > vince  > >  > > "" francis x . diebold "" on 11 / 02 / 2000 03 : 00 : 49 pm  > >  > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > cc :  > > subject : re : visit ?  > >  > > sounds good , vince . how about dec 7 ? the roundtrip coach fare ,  > regardless  > > of  > > airline , is about $ 1900 . i hope that won ' t break the bank . once i have  > > your  > > approval , i ' ll go ahead and book it . best , frank  > >  > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > >  > > > frank ,  > > >  > > > yes , i would be very interested in meeting with you in houston in  > > december .  > > > the best day for visit would be thursday when my group has a lunch  > > meeting  > > > and you could meet the rest of the research unit .  > > >  > > > please , let me know what day would work for you . we shall be very glad  > to  > > > cover the cost of your trip .  > > >  > > > vince  > > >  > > > i  > > >  > > > "" francis x . diebold "" on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 01 : 11 pm  > > >  > > > to : vince kaminski  > > > cc :  > > > subject : visit ?  > > >  > > > hi vince ,  > > > are you still interested in my visiting for a day , perhaps in dec or  > > > jan ? i have begun a project on unobserved - components modeling of  > > > weather patterns , so it would be productive and fun to compare notes .  > > > best ,  > > > frank  > > >  > > > - -  > > > francis x . diebold  > > > wp carey professor  > > >  > > > department of economics  > > > university of pennsylvania  > > > 3718 locust walk  > > > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  > > >  > > > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  > > > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  > > >  > > > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  > > > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax  > >  > > - -  > > francis x . diebold  > > wp carey professor  > >  > > department of economics  > > university of pennsylvania  > > 3718 locust walk  > > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  > >  > > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  > > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  > >  > > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  > > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax  >  > - -  > francis x . diebold  > wp carey professor  >  > department of economics  > university of pennsylvania  > 3718 locust walk  > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  >  > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  >  > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax  - -  francis x . diebold  wp carey professor  department of economics  university of pennsylvania  3718 locust walk  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax",0,visit enron frank great idea think opportunity brainstorm problem vince francis x diebold pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject visit enron vince interesting idea problem really work yet beginning yes put talk together thinking important existing methods may inadequate think econometricians contribute sound ok f vince j kaminski enron com wrote frank thanks lot planning make general presentation work weather area case would invite lunch meeting traders weather derivatives desk vince francis x diebold shirley crenshaw enron com cc vince kaminski subject visit enron shirley st perfect go ahead purchase plane tickets would please make hotel reservation night st many thanks frank diebold shirley crenshaw enron com wrote good morning professor diebold vince kaminski assistant forwarded emails scheduling purpose unfortunately conflict december th possibly come st hope already made reservations anything assist please let know best regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski pm francis x diebold enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject visit document link shirley crenshaw frank dec would better us already scheduled internal presentation december please go ahead make reservation best place stay hyatt regency downtown doubletree downtown within walking distance enron important specify downtown location hotels vince francis x diebold pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject visit sounds good vince dec roundtrip coach fare regardless airline hope break bank approval go ahead book best frank vince j kaminski enron com wrote frank yes would interested meeting houston december best day visit would thursday group lunch meeting could meet rest research unit please let know day would work shall glad cover cost trip vince francis x diebold pm vince kaminski cc subject visit hi vince still interested visiting day perhaps dec jan begun project unobserved components modeling weather patterns would productive fun compare notes best frank francis x diebold wp carey professor department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax francis x diebold wp carey professor department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax francis x diebold wp carey professor department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax francis x diebold wp carey professor department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax
"Subject: younger and healthier with ultimate - hghl 7283  as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn , and even oprah ! the health discovery that actuallyreverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise ! this provendiscovery has even been reported on by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed !  click below to enter our web site :  http : / / www . freehostchina . com / washgh /  would you like to lose weight while you sleep !  no dieting !  no hunger pains !  no cravings !  no strenuous exercise !  change your life forever !  100 % guaranteed !  1 . body fat loss 82 % improvement .  2 . wrinkle reduction 61 % improvement .  3 . energy level 84 % improvement .  4 . muscle strength 88 % improvement .  5 . sexual potency 75 % improvement .  6 . emotional stability 67 % improvement .  7 . memory 62 % improvement .  click below to enter our web site :  http : / / www . freehostchina . com / washgh /  if you want to get removed  from our list please email at - standardoptout @ x 263 . net ( subject = remove "" your email "" ) ",1,younger healthier ultimate hghl seen nbc cbs cnn even oprah health discovery actuallyreverses aging burning fat without dieting exercise provendiscovery even reported new england journal medicine forget aging dieting forever guaranteed click enter web site http www freehostchina com washgh would like lose weight sleep dieting hunger pains cravings strenuous exercise change life forever guaranteed body fat loss improvement wrinkle reduction improvement energy level improvement muscle strength improvement sexual potency improvement emotional stability improvement memory improvement click enter web site http www freehostchina com washgh want get removed list please email standardoptout x net subject remove email
"Subject: rready to go in 15 minutes  hello , welcome to p attain harmonline sho vaccination p  - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical partsong shops  pother v  bodiless g  a billion l  l aquarius l  augmentative la  r labourist ac quadrigae l  penitence isv unspent a  cynicism um  andmanyother .  - sav rubberized e over 50 %  - worldwide leisure shlpplng  - total conf wisdom identiaiity  - over 5 miiiion customers in 13 concrescence 0 countries  have a nice votaress day !",1,rready go minutes hello welcome p attain harmonline sho vaccination p one leading oniine pharmaceutical partsong shops pother v bodiless g billion l l aquarius l augmentative la r labourist ac quadrigae l penitence isv unspent cynicism um andmanyother sav rubberized e worldwide leisure shlpplng total conf wisdom identiaiity miiiion customers concrescence countries nice votaress day
"Subject: re : summer internship  jinbaek ,  the answer to the lst question is yes .  the project list is fine with me and is still valid . we are an organization  driven by the needs of our internal customers .  i shall froward your message to the person in ebs .  hopefully , we shall get a positive response .  vince  jinbaek kim on 03 / 15 / 2001 01 : 12 : 32 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : summer internship  dr . kaminski ,  sorry for the late response ,  it took me some time to coordinate things .  finally , it ' s almost dont : - )  it turned out that from june to august  will be best for me for work at enron  ( say june . 4 to august . 4 )  but i still need to know several things from your side .  could you answer following questions ?  first :  is my suggested working period is ok with you ?  if so , let me know what to do for settlement  during the period .  second :  i got a list of work , i might be able to do for  dealbench team from ross and suresh .  i ' d like to know it is still a valid work list :  the list he sent is as following :  > 1 . write a paper in layman ' s terms that answers  > questions like the following :  > benefits of auctioning online for both buyers and  > sellers , particularly in reverse auctions  > explanation how multi - variable auctions are not  > as efficient as price - only auctions ( is this true ? )  > how many participants are recommended for a  > successful live auction  > what types of goods and services are best suited  > for live auctions versus sealed bid quotes  > opinions on lotting strategies  > trends in online private auctions  > 2 . identify appropriate recent auction research ( 3  > or 4 papers out of the 90 + you provided ) and obtain approvals from the  > authors to post on our site  > 3 . create a list / bibiliography of relevant auction  > literature ( with hyperlinks ? )  > 4 . would you be willing to offer auction consulting  > services to our customers ( if they are interested )  third :  there is an e - procurement forum at haas school of business ,  in may 22 . the chair of the forum is my advisor prof . arie segev .  a person from wells fargo bank will talk about wells fargo ' s role  in e - marketplace payment initiative ,  where enron broadband services is also one of key players  along with citibank .  he asked me whether you can contact a person at  enron broadband services , who ' s related to the initiative .  he wants to know whether we will have a speaker from enron  to see enron ' s perspective , in the forum .  here is a link to news related to the initiative ,  fourth :  my advisor wants to know whether  there could be any opportunity to do a case study ,  regarding enron ' s business .  he is interested in e - procurement and e - marketplaces .  business model and system architecture . . .  thanks for reading this long email .  i ' ll look forward to your answer . .  i am sorry for giving you so much burden  to answer those questions possibly not easy to answer .  warm regards ,  jinbaek  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' "" ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on mon , 5 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > jinbaek ,  >  > this is fine though you are welcome to spend more  > time with us this summer .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > jinbaek kim on 03 / 04 / 2001 03 : 45 : 40 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : summer internship  >  >  > dr . kaminski ,  >  > thanks for your answer .  > before i tell you the time frame ,  > i ' ll need to talk with my advisor , first .  > because here is an on - going - project .  > i need to coordinate the schedule .  >  > i ' ll appreciate it if you understand my situation ,  > and give me some time ( less than a week , of course ) .  >  > for your reference ,  > probably  > the dates i ' d like to ask you will be  > from mid - may to mid - july ( 2 months )  >  > warm regards ,  > jinbaek  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > jinbaek kim  > ph . d candidate  > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > u . c . berkeley  > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  >  > go bears !  >  > : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > ` . ' "" ' ;  > ` . ' ;  > ` . ` : ` ;  > . ` . ; ; : ;  > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  >  >  > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > >  > > jinbaek ,  > >  > > you can coordinate the details with me .  > > let me know what the time frame is for you  > > and we shall send you an appropriate offer .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm  > >  > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > cc :  > > subject : re : summer internship  > >  > >  > > dr . kaminski ,  > >  > > thank you very much .  > > of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity  > > to work at such a wonderful company .  > > i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team ,  > > and was going to express my appreciation to you again  > > after settling down process with them .  > >  > > for the period of working ,  > > i still need to coordinate with my advisor and  > > may need to adjust according to that .  > > but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly .  > >  > > please let me know whether i should keep contacting  > > with deal bench team ,  > > for working period and  > > for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc .  > >  > > i appreciate you so much again ,  > > for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity .  > > all this opportunity will not be available to me ,  > > without your kind help .  > >  > > warm regards ,  > > jinbaek  > >  > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > > jinbaek kim  > > ph . d candidate  > > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > > u . c . berkeley  > > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  > >  > > go bears !  > >  > > : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  > > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > > ` . ' "" ' ;  > > ` . ' ;  > > ` . ` : ` ;  > > . ` . ; ; : ;  > > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  > >  > >  > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > >  > > > hello ,  > > >  > > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  > > > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship .  > > >  > > > please , let me know if you are interested .  > > >  > > > vince kaminski  > > >  > > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,summer internship jinbaek answer lst question yes project list fine still valid organization driven needs internal customers shall froward message person ebs hopefully shall get positive response vince jinbaek kim vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski sorry late response took time coordinate things finally almost dont turned june august best work enron say june august still need know several things side could answer following questions first suggested working period ok let know settlement period second got list work might able dealbench team ross suresh like know still valid work list list sent following write paper layman terms answers questions like following benefits auctioning online buyers sellers particularly reverse auctions explanation multi variable auctions efficient price auctions true many participants recommended successful live auction types goods services best suited live auctions versus sealed bid quotes opinions lotting strategies trends online private auctions identify appropriate recent auction research papers provided obtain approvals authors post site create list bibiliography relevant auction literature hyperlinks would willing offer auction consulting services customers interested third e procurement forum haas school business may chair forum advisor prof arie segev person wells fargo bank talk wells fargo role e marketplace payment initiative enron broadband services also one key players along citibank asked whether contact person enron broadband services related initiative wants know whether speaker enron see enron perspective forum link news related initiative fourth advisor wants know whether could opportunity case study regarding enron business interested e procurement e marketplaces business model system architecture thanks reading long email look forward answer sorry giving much burden answer questions possibly easy answer warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears mon mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote jinbaek fine though welcome spend time us summer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thanks answer tell time frame need talk advisor first going project need coordinate schedule appreciate understand situation give time less week course reference probably dates like ask mid may mid july months warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote jinbaek coordinate details let know time frame shall send appropriate offer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thank much course happy opportunity work wonderful company contacting surech raghavan deal bench team going express appreciation settling process period working still need coordinate advisor may need adjust according anyway try coordinate smoothly please let know whether keep contacting deal bench team working period misc living support finding place rent car etc appreciate much arranging meetings giving opportunity opportunity available without kind help warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote hello sorry delay getting back would like much offer summer internship please let know interested vince kaminski
"Subject: re : maths course  vicky ,  my affiliation is enron corp . my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will send you  an updated version of my bio .  here are the bullet points :  practical techniques to price exotic energy options  definition of an exotic option  - pay - off profile  - price process assumptions  - different sources of risk  different types of exotic options used in the energy industry  - asian options  - spread options  - basket options  - swing options  evaluating methodologies for pricing exotics  ? ? ? - assessing the pros and cons of different techniques  - approximations of closed - form formulas  - monte carlo techniques  - trees  - numerical solutions of pdes  ? ? ? - applying multi - factor models to price exotic energy derivatives  ? ? ? - building trees for pricing and hedging exotics  practical examples  ?  analysing approaches to weather derivatives valuation  ?  definition of a weather derivative  why does energy industry need weather derivatives ?  - hedging volume / price risk as opposed to hedging exclusively price risk  - the energy industry ' s exposure to weather : numerical estimates  different types of weather derivatives used in the energy industry  ? ? ? - heating and cooling degree day swaps and options  ? ? ? - precipitation contracts  - hurricane contracts  - financial options contingent on weather  - digital options  valuation controversy : actuarial valuation vs . valuation based on the  black - scholes paradigm  use of monte carlo techniques in valuation of weather derivatives  valuing long term transactions  practical example  please , feel free to edit my bullet points to improve my english .  it was a pleasure working with you and i hope our roads will cross at some  point .  the best of luck to you .  vince  "" vicky windsor "" on 04 / 13 / 2000 01 : 00 : 18 pm  please respond to "" vicky windsor ""  to :  cc :  subject : maths course  dear vince ,  ?  i just wondered whether you have had chance to look at your bullet points  and bio for the maths course . if so please could could email them to me as  soon as possible . could you also let me know whether your company  affiliation should now be enron north america .  ?  thanks vince and best regards ,  ?  vicky",0,maths course vicky affiliation enron corp assistant shirley crenshaw send updated version bio bullet points practical techniques price exotic energy options definition exotic option pay profile price process assumptions different sources risk different types exotic options used energy industry asian options spread options basket options swing options evaluating methodologies pricing exotics assessing pros cons different techniques approximations closed form formulas monte carlo techniques trees numerical solutions pdes applying multi factor models price exotic energy derivatives building trees pricing hedging exotics practical examples analysing approaches weather derivatives valuation definition weather derivative energy industry need weather derivatives hedging volume price risk opposed hedging exclusively price risk energy industry exposure weather numerical estimates different types weather derivatives used energy industry heating cooling degree day swaps options precipitation contracts hurricane contracts financial options contingent weather digital options valuation controversy actuarial valuation vs valuation based black scholes paradigm use monte carlo techniques valuation weather derivatives valuing long term transactions practical example please feel free edit bullet points improve english pleasure working hope roads cross point best luck vince vicky windsor pm please respond vicky windsor cc subject maths course dear vince wondered whether chance look bullet points bio maths course please could could email soon possible could also let know whether company affiliation enron north america thanks vince best regards vicky
"Subject: value lab meeting on the lst of august  amy :  below are the individuals vince wants to include in this meeting . do you  want me to send the email out or is it better coming from you ? i have  reserved ebl 9 cl , however , since most of the guys are located on an  upper floor we may want to see if we can get something up there .  let me know .  attendees  amy oberg  vince kaminski  rick causey  rick buy  mark koenig",0,value lab meeting lst august amy individuals vince wants include meeting want send email better coming reserved ebl cl however since guys located upper floor may want see get something let know attendees amy oberg vince kaminski rick causey rick buy mark koenig
"Subject: leading in affordable healthcare . . . we care for you !  your trusted source for prescription medication .  everyone has his day and some days last longer than others .  a single death is a tragedy , a million deaths is a statistic .  each of us bears his own hell .  i have seen the future and it doesn ' t work .",1,leading affordable healthcare care trusted source prescription medication everyone day days last longer others single death tragedy million deaths statistic us bears hell seen future work
"Subject: re : uc - berkeley graduate student  vince ,  i agree . if you think that this candidate would be good for your group  specifically - i would invite him in directly .  hope all is well .  ashley  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 09 pm  to : ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : uc - berkeley graduate student  ashley ,  this is one resume i got today . i think that it makes sense to invite him  for an interview directly with my group . he does not qualify as an analyst  candidate .  what do you think ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000  04 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  rajnish kamat on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 55 : 31 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : uc - berkeley graduate student  dr . vincent kaminski  managing director and head of research  enron corp .  dear dr . kaminski ,  it was a pleasure talking with you and attending your talk today .  i am a graduate student in industrial engg . and operations  research working with prof . shmuel oren  on topics in financial instrument pricing and design of  contracts in deregulated electricity markets . i am also  doing research in auction models and computable equilibrium  models with applications in electricity market design .  i am planning to graduate with a ph . d . in may 2001 and would  appreciate hearing about any opportunities in your group at enron .  i am attaching at copy of my resume ( file : cvrkamat . doc ) for your perusal .  thanking you ,  sincerely ,  rajnish kamat  graduate student  ieor , uc - berkeley  4135 , etcheverry hall  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  university of california at berkeley  berkeley , ca , 94710  - cvrkamat . doc",0,uc berkeley graduate student vince agree think candidate would good group specifically would invite directly hope well ashley vince j kaminski ect pm ashley baxter corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject uc berkeley graduate student ashley one resume got today think makes sense invite interview directly group qualify analyst candidate think vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm rajnish kamat pm vkamins enron com cc subject uc berkeley graduate student dr vincent kaminski managing director head research enron corp dear dr kaminski pleasure talking attending talk today graduate student industrial engg operations research working prof shmuel oren topics financial instrument pricing design contracts deregulated electricity markets also research auction models computable equilibrium models applications electricity market design planning graduate ph may would appreciate hearing opportunities group enron attaching copy resume file cvrkamat doc perusal thanking sincerely rajnish kamat graduate student ieor uc berkeley etcheverry hall dept industrial engineering operations research university california berkeley berkeley ca cvrkamat doc
"Subject: re : fw : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  thanks for the update . kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 2 : 08 pm  to : watson , kimberly  cc : gadd , eric ; kaminski , vince  subject : re : fw : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  kim ,  i talked to dale early this morning and suggested that we meet during his  next trip to houston  when we decide on timing of our project .  vince  from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 08 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , eric gadd / et & s / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : fw : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince ,  if dale comes in to see you , it looks like eric might be available to meet  with you as well . it would be a good opportunity for eric to meet dale and  get a little more information on his model . eric ' s phone number is x 54713 .  thanks ,  kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gadd , eric  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 8 : 12 pm  to : watson , kimberly  subject : re : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  works for me . give me a call at 9 : 30 .  from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 09 pm  to : eric gadd / et kaminski , vince  subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ?  dale ,  please , call me on tuesday . my morning schedule is full but i am open in the  afternoon .  vince  >  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 : 21 am  please respond to  to : "" vincent kaminski "" , "" kimberly s . watson ""  cc :  subject : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince / kim :  i am flying to houston tonight and wondered if it would fit one or both of  your schedules to get together this coming tuesday sometime for 1 / 2 hour or  so . i really want to reinitiate the conversations marketpoint was having  with john goodpasture and you , and he said either or both of you were the  right people to continue after his responsibility shift . john was quite  positive about the idea of enron acquiring marketpoint narg through license ,  and he implied that one or both of you would be carrying the ball in that  direction after he handed it to you .  would this coming tuesday morning at 930 am be a good time for you guys ? if  so , please give me an email shout at the above address or leave a message on  my voicemail at ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 . i think you will be truly impressed with the  scope and progress we have been able to make with both the short run narg  and the long run narg in which you were interested ( not to mention our power  model ) . the progress is noticeable since you saw it . both long and short  term narg are having quite an impact on a number of gas decisions at the  moment ranging from venezuelan lng , north american lng import terminals and  term , gas basis calculations , trading support , power plant development ,  gas - to - power price spreads in key markets , veracity of heat rate trades ,  bank financings , storage field evaluation , and which new pipelines we can  expect to see enter and which are dogs .  i really hope we can fit it in and get our discussions moving in a mutually  productive direction again . i think narg can help you become even more  successful , and i look forward to working with you .  we have a new office address and new phone number as well . ( we move in may  1 . )  altos management partners  95 main street , suite 10  los altos , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 948 - 8830 voice  ( 650 ) 948 - 8850 fax  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 cellular  give the phones a week or so to get "" debugged "" and then switch over .  dale",0,fw fw get together coming tuesday thanks update kim original message kaminski vince sent tuesday may pm watson kimberly cc gadd eric kaminski vince subject fw fw get together coming tuesday kim talked dale early morning suggested meet next trip houston decide timing project vince kimberly watson enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect eric gadd et enron enron cc subject fw fw get together coming tuesday vince dale comes see looks like eric might available meet well would good opportunity eric meet dale get little information model eric phone number x thanks kim original message gadd eric sent monday april pm watson kimberly subject fw get together coming tuesday works give call kimberly watson enron enronxgate pm eric gadd et kaminski vince subject get together coming tuesday dale please call tuesday morning schedule full open afternoon vince dale nesbitt please respond vincent kaminski kimberly watson cc subject get together coming tuesday vince kim flying houston tonight wondered would fit one schedules get together coming tuesday sometime hour really want reinitiate conversations marketpoint john goodpasture said either right people continue responsibility shift john quite positive idea enron acquiring marketpoint narg license implied one would carrying ball direction handed would coming tuesday morning good time guys please give email shout address leave message voicemail think truly impressed scope progress able make short run narg long run narg interested mention power model progress noticeable since saw long short term narg quite impact number gas decisions moment ranging venezuelan lng north american lng import terminals term gas basis calculations trading support power plant development gas power price spreads key markets veracity heat rate trades bank financings storage field evaluation new pipelines expect see enter dogs really hope fit get discussions moving mutually productive direction think narg help become even successful look forward working new office address new phone number well move may altos management partners main street suite los altos ca voice fax cellular give phones week get debugged switch dale
"Subject: request for assistance  barrister adewale coker chambers  legal practitioners / notary public  blk 804 - law house building  lagos - nigeria .  for your kind attention ,  request for assistance  it is my humble pleasure to write you this letter irrespective of the fact that you do not know me . however , i am in search of a reliable and trustworthy person that can handle a confidential transaction of this nature .  i am barrister adewale coker , a family lawyer to our former military rule , general sani abacha who died suddenly in power some years ago . since his untimely demise , the family has suffered a lot of harassment from the regimes that succeeded him . the regime and even the present civilian government are made up of abacha ' s enemies . recently , the wife was banned from traveling outside kano state their home state as a kind of house arrest and the eldest son still in detention . although , a lot of money have been recovered from mrs . abacha since the death of her husband by the present government , there ' s still huge sums of money in hard currencies that we have been able to move out of the country for safe keeping to the tune of us $ 50 million . this money us $ 50 million is already in north american and if you are interested , we will prepare you as the beneficiary of the total funds , and you will share 25 % of the total funds after clearance from the security company .  note , there is no risk involved in this project because l am involved as abacha ' s confidant . please you should keep this transaction a top secret and we are prepared to do more business with you pending your approach towards this project . i await your urgent response . thanks .  yours faithfully  barrister adewale coker .  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,request assistance barrister adewale coker chambers legal practitioners notary public blk law house building lagos nigeria kind attention request assistance humble pleasure write letter irrespective fact know however search reliable trustworthy person handle confidential transaction nature barrister adewale coker family lawyer former military rule general sani abacha died suddenly power years ago since untimely demise family suffered lot harassment regimes succeeded regime even present civilian government made abacha enemies recently wife banned traveling outside kano state home state kind house arrest eldest son still detention although lot money recovered mrs abacha since death husband present government still huge sums money hard currencies able move country safe keeping tune us million money us million already north american interested prepare beneficiary total funds share total funds clearance security company note risk involved project l involved abacha confidant please keep transaction top secret prepared business pending approach towards project await urgent response thanks faithfully barrister adewale coker sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: interview with the research group  good morning toni :  the research group would like to bring in jerzy jarosz for an exploratory  interview at his convenience . .  the interviewers from the research group would be :  vince kaminski  p . v . krishnarao  zimin lu  paulo issler  tanya tamarchenko  stinson gibner  grant masson ( if the interview is after the 18 th of july )  vasant shanbhogue ( if the interview is after the 21 st of july )  from other departments :  ted murphy  bill bradford  gary hickerson  his resume is attached .  if you need any other information , please let me know .  thanks !",0,interview research group good morning toni research group would like bring jerzy jarosz exploratory interview convenience interviewers research group would vince kaminski p v krishnarao zimin lu paulo issler tanya tamarchenko stinson gibner grant masson interview th july vasant shanbhogue interview st july departments ted murphy bill bradford gary hickerson resume attached need information please let know thanks
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq toois  wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front end logo visuai identity loqodentity offers creative custom design logos stationery web sites careful hand powerfui marketinq toois wiii bring breath fresh air business make stand among competitors ciick away future success click see sampies artwork check prices hot offers
"Subject: re : seeking opportunity in computational finance  dear vince :  thanks for your response .  i am not a programmer , nor a "" quant "" . i am an expert in excel and otherwise  have advanced skills in the remaining msoffice suite . beyond that i have  extensive experience working with research and computer progamming personnel  on projects from networks to databases , and in particular , automation .  for instance , the first generation of the risk analytics system that i  designed for quantlab was done in excel . in subsequent generations of the  system , excel served only as the gui - given its extreme flexibility - and a  sql database operated underneath ( compaq servers , raid array ) , integrating  real - time operations for all components of the system .  the research team at quantlab used many leading edge modelling  methodologies , such as genetic algorithms , neural networks , principal  component analysis , kernel density estimation , fast kernel regression ,  hidden markov modelling and many other pattern recognition , walk - forward  back testing , and other simulation techniques .  i was the sole individual on a team of 17 that had any practical trading  experience , and therefore , felt that i played a critical role in the  application and implementation of each of the system components from data  mining to research to signal generation to execution . beyond that , i was  uniquely qualified to articulate the project ' s mission to investors , and  therefore , was highly successful in spearheading support - financial and  otherwise - from our network .  althought i did not ask specifically , i surmise from your question that you  are leading a research effort . i believe that my skill set is best served  as a liaison between research and trading , since i speak both languages . i  believe that i possess great vision and enthusiasim that could be leveraged  in a group , project or product management role to integrate and streamline  diverse systems and processes ; a common scenario in most proprietary  development settings today .  in closing , i would like to learn more about enron and the financial  technology effort therein through further discussion with you , or if that is  not appropriate , someone to whom you would be comfortable referring me .  i look forward to your thoughts .  best regards ,  paul  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , november 14 , 2000 4 : 30 pm  to : epr @ pipeline . com  subject : re : seeking opportunity in computational finance  paul ,  can you give me more information about your computer skills ?  my group is very hands - on oriented and computer programming is a critical  skill .  vince  "" paul rowady "" on 11 / 14 / 2000 04 : 09 : 43 pm  to : "" vince kaminski ""  cc :  subject : seeking opportunity in computational finance  dear vince :  in following up on my voicemail message today , i attach my resume below for  your review and consideration .  it ' s ironic that you called while i was putting the message together . i  will keep it short and look forward to speaking to you at your convenience .  best regards ,  paul  e . paul rowady , jr .  2300 west alabama , suite 69  houston , texas 77098  713 - 807 - 8624 home / fax  713 - 539 - 4541 mobile  epr @ pipeline . com  ( see attached file : paul rowady 2 . doc )",0,seeking opportunity computational finance dear vince thanks response programmer quant expert excel otherwise advanced skills remaining msoffice suite beyond extensive experience working research computer progamming personnel projects networks databases particular automation instance first generation risk analytics system designed quantlab done excel subsequent generations system excel served gui given extreme flexibility sql database operated underneath compaq servers raid array integrating real time operations components system research team quantlab used many leading edge modelling methodologies genetic algorithms neural networks principal component analysis kernel density estimation fast kernel regression hidden markov modelling many pattern recognition walk forward back testing simulation techniques sole individual team practical trading experience therefore felt played critical role application implementation system components data mining research signal generation execution beyond uniquely qualified articulate project mission investors therefore highly successful spearheading support financial otherwise network althought ask specifically surmise question leading research effort believe skill set best served liaison research trading since speak languages believe possess great vision enthusiasim could leveraged group project product management role integrate streamline diverse systems processes common scenario proprietary development settings today closing would like learn enron financial technology effort therein discussion appropriate someone would comfortable referring look forward thoughts best regards paul original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent tuesday november pm epr pipeline com subject seeking opportunity computational finance paul give information computer skills group hands oriented computer programming critical skill vince paul rowady pm vince kaminski cc subject seeking opportunity computational finance dear vince following voicemail message today attach resume review consideration ironic called putting message together keep short look forward speaking convenience best regards paul e paul rowady jr west alabama suite houston texas home fax mobile epr pipeline com see attached file paul rowady doc
Subject: great thanks so much re : avg . monthly electricity prices  i appreciate all your great help . . . merci beaucoup margaret carson,0,great thanks much avg monthly electricity prices appreciate great help merci beaucoup margaret carson
"Subject: re : resco database and customer capture  steve ,  it makes sense to meet with abacus . retail marketing is very data intensive .  if you set up a meeting with them ,  please , let me know .  vince  steven r meyers @ ees  04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 17 am  to : timothy edward vail / hou / ees @ ees  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : resco database and customer capture  tim ,  i hope things are going well in resco . i think somebody from resco ( or  research ) may be interested in the email i received below from brad davids .  brad is now working at abacus who works with residential customer patterns as  well as predictive modelling . he ' s going to be here the 25 and 26 of this  month . i ' m not sure who is responsible for resco marketing , but i think they  would find this interesting . who should i send this to ? please let me know  if anybody in resco may have any interest .  thanks ,  steve  ps : vince , simply an fyi since they do focus on modelling and research .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven r meyers / hou / ees on 04 / 11 / 2000  08 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bradley davids on 04 / 10 / 2000 08 : 35 : 32 pm  to : "" ' steven . r . meyers @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : possible meeting ?  steve :  i ' ll see if i can get in on the 25 th . . . will let you know , but i think  it ' ll work .  just to give you a very brief overview so you can think about who might be  interested , abacus has the largest transactional database of consumer buying  behavior in the world ( 89 million us households , 3 billion + purchases ) ,  along with sophisticated modeling capabilities to help predict customer  response to various offers at the household level . given the critical need  to reduce customer acquisition costs in retail energy markets , we believe  that our data and modeling can help energy retailers target their direct  marketing efforts toward the residential customers most likely to respond to  whatever the offer is - - improving the efficiency of mailings and other  promotional campaigns ( so there is an efficiency angle , see ! )  because our data allow the modeling of future buying behavior based on  actual purchases , our results tend to be significantly more predictive than  demographic - based models . so far , the the response from utilities and "" new  entrants "" i ' ve been talking to so far has been quite positive , and we have  some tests of our data underway , but we ' re interested in talking to as many  players in the market as possible as we develop specific products to meet  utility needs .  i can provide more background if desired to whoever might be interested , but  i guess the key immediate question is whether it might be worthwhile to  arrange a short meeting sometime on the 25 th of april with whoever at enron  might have interest in hearing what we ' re up to , and ( most importantly )  listening to what your data needs might be as you enter new markets .  thanks very much for any help . . . i look forward to catching up and  hearing how things are going for you .  regards ,  brad davids  303 - 410 - 5531  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : steven . r . meyers @ enron . com [ mailto : steven . r . meyers @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , april 10 , 2000 12 : 13 pm  to : brad . davids @ abacus - direct . com  subject : re : possible meeting ?  it ' d be great to meet on the 25 th in the afternoon . i have a flight in the  evening . i ' m interested in hearing about life at abacus . i too have heard  that enron is getting back into the residential market . what type of  database do you have ? i might be able to find somebody for you to talk  with here .  - steve  bradley davids on 04 / 10 / 2000 12 : 04 : 00 pm  to : "" steve meyers ( e - mail ) ""  cc :  subject : possible meeting ?  steve :  sorry we ' ve been unable to hook up . . . i can probably get down there on  the 25 th , if you ' re going to be in town that afternoon ? would love to catch  up - - both on how things are going with ees and tell you about my new life .  also , i ' m hearing rumors that enron is about to get back into the  residential market in a big way - - you know anything about that ? anybody i  should talk to there about my huge database of consumer buying behavior ?  thanks - - looking forward to connecting . . . i ' ll be travelling most of this  week , but you can leave a vm and let me know when i can call you , or try me  on the cell at 303 - 886 - 3458 .  best ,  brad davids  bradley j . davids  associate vice president , utilities  abacus direct , a division of doubleclick , inc .  11101 west 120 th avenue  broomfield , co 80021 usa  e - mail brad . davids @ abacus - direct . com  tel 303 . 410 . 5531  fax 303 . 410 . 5300  www . doubleclick . net  www . abacus - direct . com  ( see attached file : c . dtf )",0,resco database customer capture steve makes sense meet abacus retail marketing data intensive set meeting please let know vince steven r meyers ees timothy edward vail hou ees ees cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject resco database customer capture tim hope things going well resco think somebody resco research may interested email received brad davids brad working abacus works residential customer patterns well predictive modelling going month sure responsible resco marketing think would find interesting send please let know anybody resco may interest thanks steve ps vince simply fyi since focus modelling research forwarded steven r meyers hou ees bradley davids pm steven r meyers enron com cc subject possible meeting steve see get th let know think work give brief overview think might interested abacus largest transactional database consumer buying behavior world million us households billion purchases along sophisticated modeling capabilities help predict customer response various offers household level given critical need reduce customer acquisition costs retail energy markets believe data modeling help energy retailers target direct marketing efforts toward residential customers likely respond whatever offer improving efficiency mailings promotional campaigns efficiency angle see data allow modeling future buying behavior based actual purchases results tend significantly predictive demographic based models far response utilities new entrants talking far quite positive tests data underway interested talking many players market possible develop specific products meet utility needs provide background desired whoever might interested guess key immediate question whether might worthwhile arrange short meeting sometime th april whoever enron might interest hearing importantly listening data needs might enter new markets thanks much help look forward catching hearing things going regards brad davids original message steven r meyers enron com mailto steven r meyers enron com sent monday april pm brad davids abacus direct com subject possible meeting great meet th afternoon flight evening interested hearing life abacus heard enron getting back residential market type database might able find somebody talk steve bradley davids pm steve meyers e mail cc subject possible meeting steve sorry unable hook probably get th going town afternoon would love catch things going ees tell new life also hearing rumors enron get back residential market big way know anything anybody talk huge database consumer buying behavior thanks looking forward connecting travelling week leave vm let know call try cell best brad davids bradley j davids associate vice president utilities abacus direct division doubleclick inc west th avenue broomfield co usa e mail brad davids abacus direct com tel fax www doubleclick net www abacus direct com see attached file c dtf
"Subject: zingales seminar  fyi !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001  03 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  albert wang on 04 / 23 / 2001 11 : 23 : 22 am  to : ( recipient list suppressed )  cc :  subject : zingales seminar  enron seminar series in finance  jones graduate school of management , rice university  luigi zingales  university of chicago  will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , april 27 , ?  "" the great reversals : the politics of financial development in the 20 th  century . ""  the seminar will begin at 3 : 30 in room 105 .  a pdf of the paper is available through the seminar website :  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / .  fu - kuo albert wang  assistant professor  jones graduate school of management - - ms 531 ?  rice university ?  6100 main street ?  houston , tx 77005 ?  phone : 713 - 348 - 5404 ?  fax : ? ? ? ? 713 - 348 - 5251  email : wangfa @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ wangfa /",0,zingales seminar fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm albert wang recipient list suppressed cc subject zingales seminar enron seminar series finance jones graduate school management rice university luigi zingales university chicago give seminar jones school friday april great reversals politics financial development th century seminar begin room pdf paper available seminar website http www ruf rice edu jgsfss fu kuo albert wang assistant professor jones graduate school management ms rice university main street houston tx phone fax email wangfa rice edu http www ruf rice edu wangfa
"Subject: bob lee starting june 5 , 2000  bob lee ' s official starting date is june 5 , 2000 .  shirley ,  bob will be reporting to zimin lu and primarily supporting ena . we will  need to find a desk for him as well as set up his phone and pc ( can we use  ravi ' s ? ) . elizabeth grant ( x 57583 ) has handled him on the hr recruiting  side and has his contact information .  thanks ,  stinson",0,bob lee starting june bob lee official starting date june shirley bob reporting zimin lu primarily supporting ena need find desk well set phone pc use ravi elizabeth grant x handled hr recruiting side contact information thanks stinson
"Subject: european power web call replay  mr . vincent j . kaminski  managing director  enron capital & trade resources corp .  dear mr . kaminski :  on june 8 last , we held a special web - based conference call pertaining to a  new cera multiclient study , "" the future of european power : electricity  without borders "" . ? participants in this complimentary call learned first - hand  some of the initial results of the study , and how the study provides a  framework for evaluating current and future company strategies .  we are pleased to announce the availability of the recorded presentation on  our website . ? to view the presentation , please visit our website at : ?  the presentation focused on the study scope and approach , and its underlying  analysis . ? in addition , the link above will also provide access to the  prospectus for the study , including the deliverables and enrollment  information . ? if your organization has not yet enrolled in the study , we urge  you to consider doing so at this time .  should you have any questions either about this study , or about any aspect of  cera ' s european power services then please contact me by reply email or  directly by phone in paris at + 33 1 42 44 10 18 .  sincerely ,  david callanan  dcallanan @ cera . com  should you have trouble reaching the website using the link above , please go  to ? http : / / www . cera . com / offerings / mcs / eurpow 99 / ?  our relationship with you is very important to us . ? if you wish not to  receive e - mail notifications from cera , please send a reply to this message  with "" donotemail "" as the subject of your message . (  mailto : info @ cera . com ? subject = donotemail ) ",0,european power web call replay mr vincent j kaminski managing director enron capital trade resources corp dear mr kaminski june last held special web based conference call pertaining new cera multiclient study future european power electricity without borders participants complimentary call learned first hand initial results study study provides framework evaluating current future company strategies pleased announce availability recorded presentation website view presentation please visit website presentation focused study scope approach underlying analysis addition link also provide access prospectus study including deliverables enrollment information organization yet enrolled study urge consider time questions either study aspect cera european power services please contact reply email directly phone paris sincerely david callanan dcallanan cera com trouble reaching website using link please go http www cera com offerings mcs eurpow relationship important us wish receive e mail notifications cera please send reply message donotemail subject message mailto info cera com subject donotemail
"Subject: re : asian option for pavel  our convention is whoever finalizes the model should write the  documentation . it does not make sense  to write one when changes are anticipated . you have been working on this  almost a year , it never  strikes you that we need a documentation ?  i created exotica . xll , does that also give you an excuse not working on  exotica documentation ?  zimin  paulo issler  05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 52 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : asian option for pavel  i am surprised that we do not have the documentation ready .  i can make that for you . it is not there because you did not put that  together by the time it was created and all the changes i have made did not  required changes on the functionality .  paulo issler  zimin lu  05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 29 am  to : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : asian option for pavel  tai woo ,  here are the c - codes for the crudeapo . ' sig ' is the spot  volatility meaning the price volatility within the delivery period .  you should consult with pavel for the definition of this "" extra ""  parameters . we  would like to see the position monitor once you get it running .  we might have some additional suggestions .  paulo ,  why don ' t we have a documentation on crudeapo you worked on ?  i can not find it in exotica help file . please supply that to tai , thanks .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 09 : 55 am  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kara maloney / enron @ enronxgate , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : asian option for pavel  this morning , zimin told me that pavel is using a special model in evaluating  his asian option portfolio .  he asked me to talk to you in order to access to the code so that i can see  the difference made to the model .  as i cannot find the doc . describing this model , please tell me what that new  input parameter ' sig ' is .  thanks ,",0,asian option pavel convention whoever finalizes model write documentation make sense write one changes anticipated working almost year never strikes need documentation created exotica xll also give excuse working exotica documentation zimin paulo issler zimin lu hou ect ect cc tai woo enron enronxgate enron pavel zadorozhny enron enronxgate subject asian option pavel surprised documentation ready make put together time created changes made required changes functionality paulo issler zimin lu tai woo enron enronxgate enron paulo issler hou ect ect cc pavel zadorozhny enron enronxgate subject asian option pavel tai woo c codes crudeapo sig spot volatility meaning price volatility within delivery period consult pavel definition extra parameters would like see position monitor get running might additional suggestions paulo documentation crudeapo worked find exotica help file please supply tai thanks tai woo enron enronxgate paulo issler hou ect ect cc kara maloney enron enronxgate zimin lu hou ect ect subject asian option pavel morning zimin told pavel using special model evaluating asian option portfolio asked talk order access code see difference made model find doc describing model please tell new input parameter sig thanks
"Subject: re : enron alp  vince ,  many thanks for the invitation . ? i ' m leaving for a conference in new orleans  today and won ' t be in town . ? however , i ' d love to join you if dinner should  happen again in the future .  thanks again for all your support and interest in the alp program . ? i feel  confident that this will be a great project .  carrie  at 10 : 03 am 1 / 24 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  carrie ,  we have invited the team to dinner thursday , 7 : 00 p . m .  would you loike to join us ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001  10 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pamela vande krol castro on 01 / 22 / 2001 06 : 18 : 16 pm  to : ? ? kenneth . parkhill @ enron . com , vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : ? enron alp  dear alp company representatives :  thank you again for your participation in the alp company day at rice  university . we are pleased to inform you that your project proposal has  been chosen for the 2001 alp program . the following students will be  working on your project :  ? ? calabrese , luigi ? ? ? ? ? ? ? luigical @ rice . edu  ? ? ghose , ivy ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ghosei @ rice . edu  ? ? ghosh , ronnie ? ? ghoshr @ rice . edu  ? ? iqbal , syed ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? iqbal @ rice . edu  ? ? sud , pravas ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? pravas @ rice . edu  ? ? womack , charles cwomack @ rice . edu  the faculty liaisons for your project are :  ? ? barrett , deborah ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? barrett @ rice . edu  ? ? uecker , will ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? uecker @ rice . edu  ? ? loughridge , dennis ? ? ? ? ? loughrid @ rice . edu  a representative from the student team will contact you soon to set up  meeting time . if you need to contact your team , i have included the  students ' email addresses . they check their email on a regular basis , so  this is a good way to communicate with them .  please let me know if you have any questions regarding this information .  again , thank you for your interest in the jones school . best wishes for  great project !  carrie chamberlin miller  director of mba program  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 5260  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  e - mail : cmiller @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /  pamela castro  mba program associate  rice university  phone : 713 - 348 - 6223  fax : 713 - 348 - 5251  e - mail : castro @ rice . edu  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  carrie chamberlin miller  director of mba program  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ? ( 713 ) 348 - 5260  fax : ? ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  e - mail : ? cmiller @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0,enron alp vince many thanks invitation leaving conference new orleans today town however love join dinner happen future thanks support interest alp program feel confident great project carrie wrote carrie invited team dinner thursday p would loike join us vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pamela vande krol castro pm kenneth parkhill enron com vkamins enron com cc subject enron alp dear alp company representatives thank participation alp company day rice university pleased inform project proposal chosen alp program following students working project calabrese luigi luigical rice edu ghose ivy ghosei rice edu ghosh ronnie ghoshr rice edu iqbal syed iqbal rice edu sud pravas pravas rice edu womack charles cwomack rice edu faculty liaisons project barrett deborah barrett rice edu uecker uecker rice edu loughridge dennis loughrid rice edu representative student team contact soon set meeting time need contact team included students email addresses check email regular basis good way communicate please let know questions regarding information thank interest jones school best wishes great project carrie chamberlin miller director mba program rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax e mail cmiller rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs pamela castro mba program associate rice university phone fax e mail castro rice edu carrie chamberlin miller director mba program jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax e mail cmiller rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs
"Subject: wharton business plan competition  hi anne !  i ' ll be at wharton on tuesday the 20 th - - perhaps we can get together to  discuss this sometime later in the afternoon . what does your schedule look  like ?  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 08 am - - - - -  "" stamer , anne ""  01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 47 pm  to : "" ' christie _ patrick @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : wharton business plan competition  dear christie :  thank you for your voice mail . things are moving along nicely with the  competition . phase ii deadline was today , so we hope to have some  statistics in the next few weeks . i have attached the statistics from phase  i , for your files . listed below are ways that enron could be involved , let  me know in which ( or all ) of these enron would be interested in participating .  * we want to start listing our sponsors , so it would be really good if we  could get your logo .  * also , does enron wish to be a judge in phase iii and the venture fair  ( vf ) ? for phase iii , we would mail each judge about 3 full blown business  plans to be ranked . we anticipate this taking no more than 1 afternoon  * for the vf , we would need a judge to be present for the entire day . the  vf is by invitation only and we anticipate about 350 students , venture  capitalists , business entrepreneurs and faculty . the vf will be held in  philadelphia on april 30 th .  * at the vf we will provide an opportunity for our sponsors with a 6 foot  table for exhibits or materials to hand out . we will need to know if you  wish to use the exhibit space .  * we plan on providing our 25 semi - finalist teams with one - on - one  mentoring . if enron is interested , that would be about 1 / 2 or 1 day  commitment .  * there might be an opportunity for a workshop to the university community .  would enron be interested in participating in something like this ?  i look forward to working with you to make this year ' s bpc a success . thank  you .  sincerely ,  anne stamer  >  anne stamer  wharton business plan competition  wharton entrepreneurial programs  the wharton school  419 vance hall , 3733 spruce street  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6374  215 - 746 - 6460 ( direct )  215 - 898 - 4856 ( office )  215 - 898 - 1299 ( fax )  stamer @ wharton . upenn . edu  - phase ioverview . doc",0,wharton business plan competition hi anne wharton tuesday th perhaps get together discuss sometime later afternoon schedule look like thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect stamer anne pm christie patrick enron com cc subject wharton business plan competition dear christie thank voice mail things moving along nicely competition phase ii deadline today hope statistics next weeks attached statistics phase files listed ways enron could involved let know enron would interested participating want start listing sponsors would really good could get logo also enron wish judge phase iii venture fair vf phase iii would mail judge full blown business plans ranked anticipate taking afternoon vf would need judge present entire day vf invitation anticipate students venture capitalists business entrepreneurs faculty vf held philadelphia april th vf provide opportunity sponsors foot table exhibits materials hand need know wish use exhibit space plan providing semi finalist teams one one mentoring enron interested would day commitment might opportunity workshop university community would enron interested participating something like look forward working make year bpc success thank sincerely anne stamer anne stamer wharton business plan competition wharton entrepreneurial programs wharton school vance hall spruce street philadelphia pa direct office fax stamer wharton upenn edu phase ioverview doc
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want .  ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra  - the effect lasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country !  get it riqht now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactly want ciails iot advantaqes viaqra effect lasts hours ready start within minutes mix alcohol ship country get riqht
"Subject: re : enron case study update  wow ! all on the same day . that ' s super . thank you so very much . vince  is coming up to baylor on monday of next week and we will hash out our  question list then .  thanks  john  at 04 : 54 pm 11 / 6 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  > good afternoon john ,  >  > i just want to drop you a line to update you re : andy fastow . i have  > confirmed a one hour interview slot with mr . fastow in monday , december 4 th  > from  > 11 : 00 a . m . - noon . this is in addition to your schedule interviews with  > mr . lay and mr . skilling - outline below .  >  > if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me at  > 713 - 853 - 5670 .  >  > regards ,  >  > cindy  >  >  > - - - - - forwarded by cindy derecskey / corp / enron on 11 / 06 / 2000 04 : 49 pm - - - - -  >  > cindy  > derecskey to : "" john martin ""  > cc : vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  > 10 / 31 / 2000 subject : re : enron case  study ( document link : cindy derecskey )  > 01 : 44 pm  >  >  >  >  >  > good afternoon john ,  >  > i hope things are well with you . i am writing to update you on the status  > of your meetings with andy fastow , ken lay and jeff skilling . i have  > arranged the following meeting dates and times with ken lay and jeff  > skilling , ( i am still trying to work with andy fastow ' s schedule ) :  >  > jeff skilling  > december 4 th  > 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m .  >  > ken lay  > december 4 th  > 3 : 30 - 4 : 30 p . m .  >  > also , i will attempt to schedule the meeting with andy fastow for december  > 4 th for convenience - this will also allow us to possibly schedule  > additional meetings for the 5 th ( as needed ) . i will let you know as soon  > as i ' m successful .  >  > regards ,  >  > cindy derecskey  > university affairs  > enron corp .  >  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,enron case study update wow day super thank much vince coming baylor monday next week hash question list thanks john pm wrote good afternoon john want drop line update andy fastow confirmed one hour interview slot mr fastow monday december th noon addition schedule interviews mr lay mr skilling outline questions please hesitate contact regards cindy forwarded cindy derecskey corp enron pm cindy derecskey john martin cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect christie patrick hou ect ect subject enron case study document link cindy derecskey pm good afternoon john hope things well writing update status meetings andy fastow ken lay jeff skilling arranged following meeting dates times ken lay jeff skilling still trying work andy fastow schedule jeff skilling december th p ken lay december th p also attempt schedule meeting andy fastow december th convenience also allow us possibly schedule additional meetings th needed let know soon successful regards cindy derecskey university affairs enron corp john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
Subject: a few times still available  we still have a few time slots available for appointments with bob brooks  while he is in houston next week . there are open slots on tuesday ( morning  and afternoon ) and wednesday morning . please reply to this e - mail with  preferred date and time or call bob at 323 - 663 - 4831 to schedule .,0,times still available still time slots available appointments bob brooks houston next week open slots tuesday morning afternoon wednesday morning please reply e mail preferred date time call bob schedule
"Subject: ( no subject )  copy any dvd movie using your cd  burner now !  copy dvd now makes it  possible to copy  dvd on cd - r using your computer ' s  cd burner .  you may now copy dvd movie with just one click .  we provide latest and easiest method that eliminates the  use  of conventional dvd copying equipments in dvd burning  process .  this method uses advanced dvd rippers .  copy dvd movies to cd - r ,  encode dvd  to vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd and even create your own  chapters .  all you need is dvd  rom , cd burner and blank  cd ' s .  why spend thousands of  dollars on conventional  dvd copying equipment when you may burn and copy dvd ' s right from  your computer ' s  cd burner .  you  can copy any dvd to cd - you get manual and software  both  copy your dvd ( pal or ntsc ) to cd using your cd burner  make backup copy of dvd to cd - r or cd - rw  play movie from computer , computer to tv or on  any standard dvd player  make backup of your entire dvd collection  make vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd in one click  only .  you may even fit entire dvd on one cd !  create chapters or time intervals on vcd or svcd  no need of having 6 - 8 gb free hard disk space !  what you get in the  package  our interactive manual will walk you through the entire  process of  copying dvd as vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd .  you will be ripping dvd ' s and burning them to cd ' s like a  pro once  you have gone through this easy to follow manual . we have  also included  screenshots for additional clarity to use .  instant downloadable access to the software . stop waiting  for the product to arrive  in mail .  everything is provided to help you start copying your dvd ' s  right  away ! all you need to have is dvd rom , cd burner and few  blank cd ' s !  that ' s it . no dvd burner or dvd copying equipment is  required !  and that ' s not all ! if you buy it now you get free  updates  and upgrades for life ! plus other bonuses .  you get everything needed  to right  away start  copying and burning your dvd to cd .  instant download !  win 95 / 98 / me / nt / 2000 / xp compliant  limited time offer ! ! ! only  $ 39 . 95  to order the dvd burner right now for the super low price of only  $ 39 . 95  with a visa or mastercard ,  just fill out the order form below .  free  bonus # 1  buy  today and you get free updates for life !  if you buy our package now , we will provide you upgrades  and updates  to all future versions of copydvd now absolutely free ! !  this offer alone will save you tons of money for future  upgrades and  keep you updated with the technology .  a  real win win situation ! !  free  bonus # 2  introducing a new technology that  pc magazine calls "" revolutionary "" and the new york times  calls "" ingenious . ""  access  and control your pc from anywhere in the world  with almost any operating  system . begin working on your host computer as if you were  sitting  in front of it .  this  product is the cnet editors ' choice pick for remote  access , and they say  "" you ' d be nuts not to sign up ""  you get free 30 day trial when you buy our package of  copydvdnow today .  more info  join our mailing list to be first to know about fresh  quality  programs and utilities . our list includes selected , tested and  quality freeware , shareware and other software only .  * legal disclaimer *  it is illegal to make copies of copyright material for the purpose  of  selling it to third party . law provides you to make one back up  copy for  personal use . we do not encourage or promote piracy . this program  is not  meant for those who intend to break copy right law and indulge in  illegal  activities . this program serves merely as a guide to help end user  to  backup his personal dvd ' s . all applications suggested in this  package are  not sold as a part of this kit but are freeware and can be  downloaded for  free . by purchasing this package you agree to this disclaimer and  also  agree to use it in most ethical manner . you agree to waive all  liabilities  associated with this program to the provider and associates .  order today . . satisfaction is guaranteed or your money back !  only  $ 39 . 95 !  order  formipping  first name :  last name :  street address :  city , state , zip :  ,  company :  e - mail :  phone :  comments :  credit card type : ( vvvv wwww  xxxx yyyy zzzz )  visamastercard  card number :  expiration date :  3121 wkca 6 - 841 pmnzll 6",1,subject copy dvd movie using cd burner copy dvd makes possible copy dvd cd r using computer cd burner may copy dvd movie one click provide latest easiest method eliminates use conventional dvd copying equipments dvd burning process method uses advanced dvd rippers copy dvd movies cd r encode dvd vcd svcd xvcd xsvcd even create chapters need dvd rom cd burner blank cd spend thousands dollars conventional dvd copying equipment may burn copy dvd right computer cd burner copy dvd cd get manual software copy dvd pal ntsc cd using cd burner make backup copy dvd cd r cd rw play movie computer computer tv standard dvd player make backup entire dvd collection make vcd svcd xvcd xsvcd one click may even fit entire dvd one cd create chapters time intervals vcd svcd need gb free hard disk space get package interactive manual walk entire process copying dvd vcd svcd xvcd xsvcd ripping dvd burning cd like pro gone easy follow manual also included screenshots additional clarity use instant downloadable access software stop waiting product arrive mail everything provided help start copying dvd right away need dvd rom cd burner blank cd dvd burner dvd copying equipment required buy get free updates upgrades life plus bonuses get everything needed right away start copying burning dvd cd instant download win nt xp compliant limited time offer order dvd burner right super low price visa mastercard fill order form free bonus buy today get free updates life buy package provide upgrades updates future versions copydvd absolutely free offer alone save tons money future upgrades keep updated technology real win win situation free bonus introducing new technology pc magazine calls revolutionary new york times calls ingenious access control pc anywhere world almost operating system begin working host computer sitting front product cnet editors choice pick remote access say nuts sign get free day trial buy package copydvdnow today info join mailing list first know fresh quality programs utilities list includes selected tested quality freeware shareware software legal disclaimer illegal make copies copyright material purpose selling third party law provides make one back copy personal use encourage promote piracy program meant intend break copy right law indulge illegal activities program serves merely guide help end user backup personal dvd applications suggested package sold part kit freeware downloaded free purchasing package agree disclaimer also agree use ethical manner agree waive liabilities associated program provider associates order today satisfaction guaranteed money back order formipping first name last name street address city state zip company e mail phone comments credit card type vvvv wwww xxxx yyyy zzzz visamastercard card number expiration date wkca pmnzll
"Subject: re : enron contact info  christie ,  thanks for taking initiative on the trip so quickly . let ' s meet with jeff  shankman  to discuss the agenda . i shall try to organize a meeting next week after prcs  are over .  i agree with your assessment of the group . i was greatly impressed with the  caliber of the students .  vince  christie patrick @ ect  12 / 07 / 2000 06 : 33 pm  to : fap @ enron  cc : clay degiacinto @ enron , deepa  mallik @ enron , dennis feerick  @ enron , edson otani  @ enron , gustavo palazzi  @ enron , "" heather n . thorne ( e - mail ) ""  @ enron , jack rejtman  @ enron , jaideep singh  @ enron , jason cummins  @ enron , joshua leventhal  @ enron , kim whitsel  @ enron , "" louis a thomas ( e - mail ) ""  @ enron , murat camoglu  @ enron , nick levitt  @ enron , omar bassel  @ enron , pat henahan  @ enron , ram vittal  @ enron , steve lessar  @ enron , tulika bhalla  @ enron , vincent chen  @ enron , weigelt  @ enron , fap  @ enron , "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' ""  @ enron , "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  @ enron , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enron contact info  hi evryone !  vince , vasant and i are very excited about the tiger project ! we all  thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to meet with such an incredibly  interesting , enthusiastic and intelligent group . thank you for your time !  for those interested in the houston trip on january 18 - 19 th , please let me  know by the 15 th of december so that i can get the best deal on air fare  ( one - month in advance ) .  also , i ' ll be forwarding the enron information packages to donna piazze for  your receipt next week . i am including jeff shankman in this reply , as jeff  is a wharton grad , leader of one of our enron business units , and one of the  most enthusiastic enron / wharton cheerleaders .  please feel free to individually contact me if there is anything i can do for  any of you .  thanks again for your enthusiastic interest in enron !  - - christie .",0,enron contact info christie thanks taking initiative trip quickly let meet jeff shankman discuss agenda shall try organize meeting next week prcs agree assessment group greatly impressed caliber students vince christie patrick ect pm fap enron cc clay degiacinto enron deepa mallik enron dennis feerick enron edson otani enron gustavo palazzi enron heather n thorne e mail enron jack rejtman enron jaideep singh enron jason cummins enron joshua leventhal enron kim whitsel enron louis thomas e mail enron murat camoglu enron nick levitt enron omar bassel enron pat henahan enron ram vittal enron steve lessar enron tulika bhalla enron vincent chen enron weigelt enron fap enron christie patrick enron com enron vkamins enron com enron jeffrey shankman hou ect ect subject enron contact info hi evryone vince vasant excited tiger project thoroughly enjoyed opportunity meet incredibly interesting enthusiastic intelligent group thank time interested houston trip january th please let know th december get best deal air fare one month advance also forwarding enron information packages donna piazze receipt next week including jeff shankman reply jeff wharton grad leader one enron business units one enthusiastic enron wharton cheerleaders please feel free individually contact anything thanks enthusiastic interest enron christie
"Subject: re : mscf speaker series  thx ,  we are very anxious to hear her answer  pierre - philippe ste - marie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pstemarie . homestead . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc : ;  sent : friday , august 11 , 2000 10 : 55 am  subject : re : mscf speaker series  >  > pierre - philippe ,  >  > i have contacted allison bailey to ask her to move her visit  > to the campus to coincide with my presentation .  > i hope to hear from her soon .  >  > vince kaminski  >  > p . s . nice web site  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" pierre - philippe ste - marie "" on 08 / 10 / 2000 05 : 13 : 53  pm  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : mscf speaker series  >  >  >  > dear mr . kaminsky ,  >  > just checking if there was any progress . . . or anything i could do to help  > you .  >  > sincerely ,  >  > pierre - philippe ste - marie  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > pstemarie . homestead . com  >  >  >  >  >",0,mscf speaker series thx anxious hear answer pierre philippe ste marie pstemarie homestead com original message cc sent friday august subject mscf speaker series pierre philippe contacted allison bailey ask move visit campus coincide presentation hope hear soon vince kaminski p nice web site pierre philippe ste marie pm cc subject mscf speaker series dear mr kaminsky checking progress anything could help sincerely pierre philippe ste marie pstemarie homestead com
"Subject: innovative and effective design for you !  adqueen is an institute committed  to brand planning and designing for enterprises , providing end to end ad  services , from plan to design ,  and finally press .  - - - - - - - make  maximal use of your marketing fund !  http : / /  www . adqueen . com  service  items :  innovative and effective concepts  and copy for  logo and vi ;  website design and building ;  poster and drawing ;  package of gifts ;  exhibitions and shows ;  ad designing and printing ;  and etc .  ( adqueen caters for your  needs ! ) ",1,innovative effective design adqueen institute committed brand planning designing enterprises providing end end ad services plan design finally press make maximal use marketing fund http www adqueen com service items innovative effective concepts copy logo vi website design building poster drawing package gifts exhibitions shows ad designing printing etc adqueen caters needs
"Subject: schedule  vince ,  my schedule for the risk 2001 conference in houston is :  arrive sunday 4 / 13 9 pm . ?  staying at the houstonian  depart tuesday 4 / 15 5 : 30 pm .  hopefully , we can get together .  thanks , aram ? ( cell phone 503 - 701 - 6692 )",0,schedule vince schedule risk conference houston arrive sunday pm staying houstonian depart tuesday pm hopefully get together thanks aram cell phone
"Subject: re : cplex floating license  chonawee and i just had a phone conversation with cplex . there are other  alternatives ( products ) that may help in saving time and cost . chonawee and i  feel that one floating develoment license , and one or two opl ( a package on  sale that provides modeling and optimization features ) licenses will do . in  addition , we need floating deployment licenses . for the development licenses ,  the charges should be split "" equally "" between the different groups that may  ask for optimization help ( although it is hard to predict who may ask for  future help ) . we are suggesting equally since these licenses are used to  develop the needed solution but are not ( in general ) used to run the  software . the deployment licenses can be charged on per - use basis for  different groups .  cplex is going to send us a new quote . we ' ll make the decision soon after  that .  - samer",0,cplex floating license chonawee phone conversation cplex alternatives products may help saving time cost chonawee feel one floating develoment license one two opl package sale provides modeling optimization features licenses addition need floating deployment licenses development licenses charges split equally different groups may ask optimization help although hard predict may ask future help suggesting equally since licenses used develop needed solution general used run software deployment licenses charged per use basis different groups cplex going send us new quote make decision soon samer
"Subject: your membership community charset = iso - 8859 - 1  your membership community & commentary ( august 3 , 2001 )  it ' s all about making money  information to provide you with the absolute  best low and no cost ways of providing traffic  to your site , helping you to capitalize on the power  and potential the web brings to every net - preneur .  - - - this issue contains sites who will trade links with you ! - - -  - - - - - - - - - - - - -  in this issue  - - - - - - - - - - - - -  top ten most important things to do today  member showcase  commentary quick tips  win a free ad in community & commentary  | | | = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = > >  today ' s special announcement :  | | | = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = > >  right now , this week only - we have left over inventory , it ' s  unsold , but not for long . if you could use 1 million banner  ads all targeted and dirt cheap go here today . this package  is guaranteed ! ! it ' s tough to fail when you can show your ad  to 1 , 000 people for less than a buck ! a free custom banner  will be made for you with this deal !  | | | = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = > >  you are a member in at least one of these programs  - you should be in them all !  http : / / www . bannersgomlm . com  http : / / www . profitbanners . com  http : / / www . cashpromotions . com  http : / / www . mysiteinc . com  http : / / www . . com  http : / / www . freelinksnetwork . com  http : / / www . myshoppingplace . com  http : / / www . bannerco - op . com  http : / / www . putpeel . com  http : / / www . putpeel . net  http : / / www . sellinternetaccess . com  http : / / www . be - your - own - isp . com  http : / / www . seventhpower . com  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  top ten most important things to do today  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  top ten most important things to do today  by michael e . angier  this is my list . they ' re the ones i ' ve selected for my life at  present . consider them suggestions for yourself - - ideas to  help you generate your own top ten list . by getting clear  on and acting upon your most important steps , you ' ll be  moving toward and experiencing your highest and best .  1 . practice gratefulness . reflect upon the things in my life for  which i ' m grateful . if i appreciate more of what i have , i will  have even more to appreciate .  2 . write out my three most important goals and visualize  how my life will be when i have achieved them . feel it .  experience it in as much sensory detail as i can possibly  imagine .  3 . take some action steps toward each of the three goals .  4 . exercise my body and monitor carefully what i eat and  drink . reduce fat and caloric intake while expending more  calories . eat only small amounts at one time .  5 . read something educational , inspirational or  entertaining - - preferably all three .  6 . meditate . empty my conscious mind and listen to the  super - conscious .  7 . have fun doing something i love to do . experience joy .  8 . write something - - anything . if not an article or part of  my book , then write in my journal .  9 . perform some act of kindness . do a thoughtful ,  magnanimous thing - - anonymously if possible .  10 . finish something . do something i can call complete .  bonus step : make something work better - -  practice ads : automate , delegate and systemize .  copyright 2001 michael angier & success networks international .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  about the author . . .  michael angier is the founder and president of success networks .  success net ' s mission is to inform , inspire and empower people  to be their best - - personally and professionally . download their  free ebooklet , keys to personal effectiveness from  http : / / www . successnet . org / keys . htm . free subscriptions ,  memberships , books and successmark cards are available at  http : / / www . successnet . org  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  member showcase  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  examine carefully - those with email addresses included will  trade links with you . . . you are encouraged to contact them .  there are many ways to build a successful business - just look  at these successful sites & programs other members are involved  in . . .  * * * * * * * * free cd - rom software * * * * * * * * *  over 1000 high quality software titles on cd - rom  absolutely free ! yes , the software is free , ( s / h )  click here : http : / / www . adreporting . com / at . cgi ? a = 156074 & e = / 2 /  stop smoking - free lesson ! !  discover the secret to stopping smoking .  to master these powerful techniques , come to  http : / / www . breath - of - life . net for your free lesson .  act now ! p . s . tell someone you care about .  trade links - jturco 3 @ hotmail . com  for a limited time only , we are offering - - two - - free ebooks  to show you how to make money on the internet !  use our proven , duplicatable methods to get in on  this exploding opportunity now ! visit us at :  http : / / www . abundance - group . com to collect your free offers !  trade links - gina @ abundancegroup . com  life without debt ! what would you do with 5 , 000 10 , 000  20 , 000 100 , 000 ? a "" dream team "" of heavy hitters are  gathering to promote life without debt . get in now to  receive massive spillover in the 2 x matrix .  http : / / trafficentral . com / lwd / index . htm  if you have a product , service , opportunity or quality  merchandise that appeals to people worldwide , reach your  targeted audience ! for a fraction of what other large  newsletters charge you can exhibit your website here , and  trade links for only $ 8 cpm . compare that to the  industry average of $ 10 - $ 15 cpm . why ? . . . because as a  valuable member we want you to be successful ! order today -  showcases are limited and published on a first come , first  serve basis . for our secure order form , click here :  http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  commentary quick tips  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  website recommendation :  here is a site with some useful tips .  example - test your internet connection speed .  http : / / www . camscape . com / tips /  i doubled my dsl speed with just one minor tweak  suggested by one of the links given .  submitted by f . knopke  imco @ telusplanet . net  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  do you have a marketing hint , product recommendation , or  online gem of wisdom you ' d like to share with your fellow  subscribers ? with your 2 - 10 line quick tip include your  name and url or email address and we ' ll give you credit  for your words of wisdom .  and , if you ' re looking for free advertising , this isn ' t  the place - check out the ' one question survey ' below for  a great free advertising offer .  send it in to mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com  with ' quick tip ' in the subject block .  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  win a free ad in community & commentary  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  to keep this interesting , how about this , every month we ' ll  draw a name from the replies and that person will win one  sponsorship showcase in the community & commentary , for free .  that ' s a value of over $ 800 . 00 ! respond to each weekly survey ,  and increase your chances to win with four separate entries .  question of the week ( 08 / 03 / 01 ) . . .  no right or wrong answers , and just by answering  you are entered to win a sponsorship showcase - free !  ~ ~ ~ how many email messages do you get per day ? ~ ~ ~  less than 40 mailto : one @ aeopublishing . com  41 - 100 mailto : two @ aeopublishing . com  101 - 300 mailto : three @ aeopublishing . com  301 - 1000 mailto : four @ aeopublishing . com  more than 1000 mailto : five @ aeopublishing . com  to make this as easy as possible for you , just click on the  hyperlinked answer to send us an e - mail - you do not need to  enter any information in the subject or body of the message .  * * add your comments ! follow directions above and  add your comments in the body of the message , and we ' ll  post the best commentaries along with the responses .  you will automatically be entered in our drawing for a free  sponsorship ad in the community & commentary . please  respond only one time per question . multiple responses  from the same individual will be discarded .  last weeks ' s survey results paid the fees ;  and , promptly assigned my www . schoolofgeomatics . com  address to a porn shop . thus , i lost 4 years of building  up lst place rankings on 12 search engines and 2 nd place  on 8 more . this set me back about 4 months : i believe i  lost a minimum of $ 50 , 000 .  i have also been hit with viruses about 10 times . the first  time i lost almost 4 months of work . now , i back up often  enough to not to lose so much time . this is also internet  theft . these people are nothing but out and out criminals  and should spend years behind bars .  customers are well protected from credit card theft ;  however , merchants can lose a lot of money . i sell only by  purchase order and certified or registered company checks .  - - peter s . http : / / www . gssgeomatics . com  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  july winner announced !  and the july ' one - question survey ' winner is . . .  john stitzel - oldstitz @ yahoo . com  congratulations john !  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  to change your subscribed address , send both new and old  address to mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com  see the link ( below ) for our subscription center to unsubscribe  or edit your interests .  please send suggestions and comments to :  mailto : editor @ aeopublishing . com  i invite you to send your real successes and showcase  your strategies and techniques , or yes , even your total bombs ,  "" working together we can all prosper . ""  mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com  for information on how to sponsor your membership  community & commentary visit : http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine  copyright 2001 aeopublishing . com  web : http : / / www . aeopublishing . com  this email has been sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com at your  request , by your membership newsletter services .  visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .  http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / d . jsp ? p = oo & id = bd 7 n 7877 . 8 lhtdma 6 & m = bd 7 n 7877 charset = iso - 8859 - 1  in this issue  top ten most important things to do today  member showcase  commentary quick tips  win a free ad in community & commentary  today ' s special announcement :  this email was sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com , at your request , by your membership newsletter services .  visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .  view our privacy policy .  powered by ",1,membership community charset iso membership community commentary august making money information provide absolute best low cost ways providing traffic site helping capitalize power potential web brings every net preneur issue contains sites trade links issue top ten important things today member showcase commentary quick tips win free ad community commentary today special announcement right week left inventory unsold long could use million banner ads targeted dirt cheap go today package guaranteed tough fail show ad people less buck free custom banner made deal member least one programs http www bannersgomlm com http www profitbanners com http www cashpromotions com http www mysiteinc com http www com http www freelinksnetwork com http www myshoppingplace com http www bannerco op com http www putpeel com http www putpeel net http www sellinternetaccess com http www isp com http www seventhpower com top ten important things today top ten important things today michael e angier list ones selected life present consider suggestions ideas help generate top ten list getting clear acting upon important steps moving toward experiencing highest best practice gratefulness reflect upon things life grateful appreciate even appreciate write three important goals visualize life achieved feel experience much sensory detail possibly imagine take action steps toward three goals exercise body monitor carefully eat drink reduce fat caloric intake expending calories eat small amounts one time read something educational inspirational entertaining preferably three meditate empty conscious mind listen super conscious fun something love experience joy write something anything article part book write journal perform act kindness thoughtful magnanimous thing anonymously possible finish something something call complete bonus step make something work better practice ads automate delegate systemize copyright michael angier success networks international author michael angier founder president success networks success net mission inform inspire empower people best personally professionally download free ebooklet keys personal effectiveness http www successnet org keys htm free subscriptions memberships books successmark cards available http www successnet org member showcase examine carefully email addresses included trade links encouraged contact many ways build successful business look successful sites programs members involved free cd rom software high quality software titles cd rom absolutely free yes software free h click http www adreporting com cgi e stop smoking free lesson discover secret stopping smoking master powerful techniques come http www breath life net free lesson act p tell someone care trade links jturco hotmail com limited time offering two free ebooks show make money internet use proven duplicatable methods get exploding opportunity visit us http www abundance group com collect free offers trade links gina abundancegroup com life without debt would dream team heavy hitters gathering promote life without debt get receive massive spillover x matrix http trafficentral com lwd index htm product service opportunity quality merchandise appeals people worldwide reach targeted audience fraction large newsletters charge exhibit website trade links cpm compare industry average cpm valuable member want successful order today showcases limited published first come first serve basis secure order form click http bannersgomlm com ezine commentary quick tips website recommendation site useful tips example test internet connection speed http www camscape com tips doubled dsl speed one minor tweak suggested one links given submitted f knopke imco telusplanet net marketing hint product recommendation online gem wisdom like share fellow subscribers line quick tip include name url email address give credit words wisdom looking free advertising place check one question survey great free advertising offer send mailto submit aeopublishing com quick tip subject block win free ad community commentary keep interesting every month draw name replies person win one sponsorship showcase community commentary free value respond weekly survey increase chances win four separate entries question week right wrong answers answering entered win sponsorship showcase free many email messages get per day less mailto one aeopublishing com mailto two aeopublishing com mailto three aeopublishing com mailto four aeopublishing com mailto five aeopublishing com make easy possible click hyperlinked answer send us e mail need enter information subject body message add comments follow directions add comments body message post best commentaries along responses automatically entered drawing free sponsorship ad community commentary please respond one time per question multiple responses individual discarded last weeks survey results paid fees promptly assigned www schoolofgeomatics com address porn shop thus lost years building lst place rankings search engines nd place set back months believe lost minimum also hit viruses times first time lost almost months work back often enough lose much time also internet theft people nothing criminals spend years behind bars customers well protected credit card theft however merchants lose lot money sell purchase order certified registered company checks peter http www gssgeomatics com july winner announced july one question survey winner john stitzel oldstitz yahoo com congratulations john change subscribed address send new old address mailto submit aeopublishing com see link subscription center unsubscribe edit interests please send suggestions comments mailto editor aeopublishing com invite send real successes showcase strategies techniques yes even total bombs working together prosper mailto submit aeopublishing com information sponsor membership community commentary visit http bannersgomlm com ezine copyright aeopublishing com web http www aeopublishing com email sent jm netnoteinc com request membership newsletter services visit subscription center edit interests unsubscribe http ccprod roving com roving jsp p oo id bd n lhtdma bd n charset iso issue top ten important things today member showcase commentary quick tips win free ad community commentary today special announcement email sent jm netnoteinc com request membership newsletter services visit subscription center edit interests unsubscribe view privacy policy powered
"Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suggestions and the information isoverwhelming ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish stationery and outstanding webslte  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that havinq ordered a loqo your  company wiil automaticaiiy become a worid ieader : it isguite ciear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,logo stationer website design much lt really hard recollect company market full suggestions information isoverwhelming good catchy logo stylish stationery outstanding webslte wili make task much easier promise havinq ordered loqo company wiil automaticaiiy become worid ieader isguite ciear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: re : 2 - survey / information email 5 - 7 - 01  outlook migration team @ enron  05 / 04 / 2001 03 : 26 pm  to : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , anita  dupont / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , chonawee  supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , gwyn  koepke / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect ,  jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , kate lucas / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth  parkhill / na / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , lance  cunningham / na / enron @ enron , leann walton / na / enron @ enron , martin  lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / lon / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect ,  nelson neale / na / enron @ enron , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , rakesh  bharati / na / enron @ enron , sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development ,  sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , sofya  tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , tom barkley / na / enron @ enron , tom  halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , william  smith / corp / enron @ enron , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , alan  muntz / npng / enron @ enron , anita swanson / npng / enron @ enron , bambi  heckerman / npng / enron @ enron , christopher burns / npng / enron @ enron , darla  steffes / npng / enron @ enron , geneva patterson / npng / enron @ enron , jerry  boston / npng / enron @ enron , jody warner / npng / enron @ enron , john  freeman / npng / enron @ enron , judith weakly / npng / enron @ enron , laurie  willemyns / npng / enron @ enron , leon schneider / npng / enron @ enron , loren  charbonneau / npng / enron @ enron , ray neppl / npng / enron @ enron , scott  coburn / npng / enron @ enron , alliece morris / ots / enron @ enron , etsweb @ enron , joe  zhou / fgt / enron @ enron , ladonna dervin / ots / enron @ enron , larry  hill / fgt / enron @ enron , max brown / ots / enron @ enron , patty  hermanek / fgt / enron @ enron , peter lu / et & s / enron @ enron , randy  cantrell / gco / enron @ enron , richard abramowicz / et & s / enron @ enron , rick  craig / ots / enron @ enron , robert fugel / et & s / enron @ enron , tina  dunnaway / fgt / enron @ enron , wendy koh / et & s / enron @ enron , anne  bike / corp / enron @ enron , barry tycholiz / na / enron @ enron , carli  smith / na / enron @ enron , doug fletcher / enron _ development @ enron _ development ,  jacquelyn matthews / na / enron @ enron , janelle  russell / enron _ development @ enron _ development , joanne smith / corp / enron @ enron ,  kayla bruzzese / na / enron @ enron , michael j beyer / hou / ect @ ect , michael j  miller / enron communications @ enron communications , michelle  lincoln / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shelly jones / hou / ect @ ect , susan  huston / hr / corp / enron @ enron , zachary sampson / na / enron @ enron , alison  smith / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , bernie penner / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , janet  vala - terry / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , lilia penagos / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , patricia  benington / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , jack netek / enron communications @ enron  communications  cc :  subject : 2 - survey / information email 5 - 7 - 01  current notes user :  to ensure that you experience a successful migration from notes to outlook ,  it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of  migration . please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following  survey . when you finish , simply click on the ' reply ' button then hit ' send '  your survey will automatically be sent to the outlook 2000 migration mailbox .  thank you .  outlook 2000 migration team  full name : vince j kaminski  login id : vkamins  extension : 3 - 3848  office location : ebl 962  what type of computer do you have ? ( desktop , laptop , both ) desktop , laptop  do you have a pda ? if yes , what type do you have : ( none , ipaq , palm pilot ,  jornada ) palm pilot  do you have permission to access anyone ' s email / calendar ? no  if yes , who ?  does anyone have permission to access your email / calendar ? shirley crenshaw ,  anita dupont  if yes , who ?  are you responsible for updating anyone else ' s address book ? no  if yes , who ?  is anyone else responsible for updating your address book ? no  if yes , who ?  do you have access to a shared calendar ? no  if yes , which shared calendar ?  do you have any distribution groups that messaging maintains for you ( for  mass mailings ) ? no  if yes , please list here :  please list all notes databases applications that you currently use :  in our efforts to plan the exact date / time of your migration , we also will  need to know :  what are your normal work hours ? from : 7 : 30 to : 6 : 30  will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation , leave , etc ? no  if so , when ? from ( mm / dd / yy ) : to ( mm / dd / yy ) :",0,survey information email outlook migration team enron pm alex huang corp enron enron amitava dhar corp enron enron anita dupont na enron enron bob lee na enron enron chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron elena chilkina corp enron enron gwyn koepke na enron enron jaesoo lew na enron enron jason sokolov hou ect ect jose marquez corp enron enron kate lucas hou ect ect kenneth parkhill na enron enron kevin g moore hou ect ect lance cunningham na enron enron leann walton na enron enron martin lin hou ect ect maureen raymond lon ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect nelson neale na enron enron paulo issler hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect rabi de na enron enron rakesh bharati na enron enron sandeep kohli enron development enron development sevil yaman corp enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect sofya tamarchenko na enron enron stinson gibner hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect tom barkley na enron enron tom halliburton corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect william smith corp enron enron youyi feng na enron enron zimin lu hou ect ect alan muntz npng enron enron anita swanson npng enron enron bambi heckerman npng enron enron christopher burns npng enron enron darla steffes npng enron enron geneva patterson npng enron enron jerry boston npng enron enron jody warner npng enron enron john freeman npng enron enron judith weakly npng enron enron laurie willemyns npng enron enron leon schneider npng enron enron loren charbonneau npng enron enron ray neppl npng enron enron scott coburn npng enron enron alliece morris ots enron enron etsweb enron joe zhou fgt enron enron ladonna dervin ots enron enron larry hill fgt enron enron max brown ots enron enron patty hermanek fgt enron enron peter lu et enron enron randy cantrell gco enron enron richard abramowicz et enron enron rick craig ots enron enron robert fugel et enron enron tina dunnaway fgt enron enron wendy koh et enron enron anne bike corp enron enron barry tycholiz na enron enron carli smith na enron enron doug fletcher enron development enron development jacquelyn matthews na enron enron janelle russell enron development enron development joanne smith corp enron enron kayla bruzzese na enron enron michael j beyer hou ect ect michael j miller enron communications enron communications michelle lincoln enron development enron development shelly jones hou ect ect susan huston hr corp enron enron zachary sampson na enron enron alison smith nyc mgusa mgusa bernie penner nyc mgusa mgusa janet vala terry nyc mgusa mgusa lilia penagos nyc mgusa mgusa patricia benington nyc mgusa mgusa jack netek enron communications enron communications cc subject survey information email current notes user ensure experience successful migration notes outlook necessary gather individual user information prior date migration please take minutes completely fill following survey finish simply click reply button hit send survey automatically sent outlook migration mailbox thank outlook migration team full name vince j kaminski login id vkamins extension office location ebl type computer desktop laptop desktop laptop pda yes type none ipaq palm pilot jornada palm pilot permission access anyone email calendar yes anyone permission access email calendar shirley crenshaw anita dupont yes responsible updating anyone else address book yes anyone else responsible updating address book yes access shared calendar yes shared calendar distribution groups messaging maintains mass mailings yes please list please list notes databases applications currently use efforts plan exact date time migration also need know normal work hours office near future vacation leave etc mm dd yy mm dd yy
"Subject: re : follow - up on siam workshop  thanks for forwarding peter ' s resume . by copy of this memo i am forwarding peter ' s resume to danny mccarty and phil lowry . danny and phil : please follow - up with vince if you have an interest in meeting with peter . he seems to be a very qualified candidate .  vince j kaminski @ ect  04 / 30 / 2001 02 : 28 pm  to : stanley horton / corp / enron @ enron , danny mccarty / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : follow - up on siam workshop  i am forwarding for your attention the resume of peter percell  who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows  of natural gas in pipeline systems . peter is looking currently for a job .  i met him last week at the meeting of the science and industry advance with mathematics  society at the university of houston .  the application of recent developments in optimization theory  and numerical methods can help enron to improve further  efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel .  please , let me know if you interested in introducing peter to executives  in your organization . i shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview .  vince kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  peter percell on 04 / 30 / 2001 11 : 16 : 58 am  to : vincent kaminski  cc :  subject : follow - up on siam workshop  i enjoyed your presentation , and meeting you briefly afterwards , at the  siam workshop last friday .  i have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and  development of modeling and simulation software products , mostly  for the oil and gas pipeline industry .  i am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and  mathematical skills . getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline  simulation industry would be a plus .  please consider whether i might fit in your group . your answer to a  question indicated that i have several of the skills you look for .  also , please let me know , by email , the names and contact information of  other managers within enron who might benefit from having someone with  my qualifications in their group .  attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting  experience . publications are available on request .  i will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email .  thank you for your time .  peter percell 10030 doliver drive  percell @ swbell . net houston , tx 77042 - 2016  ( 713 ) 532 - 3836 voice & fax  - percell , peter resume only . doc  - percell , peter a & c exp . doc",0,follow siam workshop thanks forwarding peter resume copy memo forwarding peter resume danny mccarty phil lowry danny phil please follow vince interest meeting peter seems qualified candidate vince j kaminski ect pm stanley horton corp enron enron danny mccarty et enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject follow siam workshop forwarding attention resume peter percell extensive experience modeling physical flows natural gas pipeline systems peter looking currently job met last week meeting science industry advance mathematics society university houston application recent developments optimization theory numerical methods help enron improve efficiency pipeline system reduce consumption compressor fuel please let know interested introducing peter executives organization shall glad make arrangements interview vince kaminski forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm peter percell vincent kaminski cc subject follow siam workshop enjoyed presentation meeting briefly afterwards siam workshop last friday extensive experience technical leader design development modeling simulation software products mostly oil gas pipeline industry looking position utilize software development mathematical skills getting narrow confines pipeline simulation industry would plus please consider whether might fit group answer question indicated several skills look also please let know email names contact information managers within enron might benefit someone qualifications group attached resume addendum covering academic consulting experience publications available request call couple days follow email thank time peter percell doliver drive percell swbell net houston tx voice fax percell peter resume doc percell peter c exp doc
"Subject: term papers  team ,  can you resend your text document to vince asap .  we could open your spreadsheet ok , but not the document .  vince ' s contact information is on the attached email below .  thanks  jason  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 05 : 32 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  05 / 04 / 2001 05 : 29 pm  to : monfan @ rice . edu  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com , jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : term papers  felix ,  please , resend me the term papers of your group , each as a separate file .  please send it to my aol address as well as work address .  my aol address is vkaminski @ aol . com  my home phone number is 281 367 5377 .  vince",0,term papers team resend text document vince asap could open spreadsheet ok document vince contact information attached email thanks jason forwarded jason sokolov hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm monfan rice edu cc vkaminski aol com jason sokolov hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject term papers felix please resend term papers group separate file please send aol address well work address aol address vkaminski aol com home phone number vince
"Subject: re : ( no subject )  thanks vince .  vince j kaminski wrote :  > blake ,  >  > i forwarded the azure presentation to greg whalley recommending  > that he takes a look at it .  >  > vince",0,subject thanks vince vince j kaminski wrote blake forwarded azure presentation greg whalley recommending takes look vince
"Subject: interview schedule for aram sogomonian  please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the  interview will occur on wednesday october 25 , 2000 . please print both  documents for your reference . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . resume will be delivered via  runner .  stephanie  58701",0,interview schedule aram sogomonian please find interview packet referenced person interview occur wednesday october please print documents reference questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact resume delivered via runner stephanie
"Subject: re : re : software license  ms . geman ,  i apologize for the delay , but i finally have drafted an escrow agreement for  placing the software in escrow with your attorneys . please review and have  your attorneys review and let me know if it is acceptable .  i will be leaving the department i have been working in and moving to a  different enron subsidiary on october 13 . if at all possible , could we try  to get the software license agreement and the escrow agreement wrapped up  before i leave so that someone else does not have to try to pick up where i  left off ?  i think we are just about in agreement on the software license portion .  seems like the only outstanding question had to do with your concern  regarding providing a response time of 2 business days . i do not have any  answers regarding that - maybe vince kaminski or stinson gibner can respond  on this issue .  i look forward to hearing from you and trying to get this finalized within  the next 2 weeks if possible .  thank you ,  karla feldman  enron corp .  ( 713 ) 646 - 7554",0,software license ms geman apologize delay finally drafted escrow agreement placing software escrow attorneys please review attorneys review let know acceptable leaving department working moving different enron subsidiary october possible could try get software license agreement escrow agreement wrapped leave someone else try pick left think agreement software license portion seems like outstanding question concern regarding providing response time business days answers regarding maybe vince kaminski stinson gibner respond issue look forward hearing trying get finalized within next weeks possible thank karla feldman enron corp
"Subject: re : ink prices got you down ? 11956  would you like to  save up to 80 %  on printer , fax  copier supplies ?  on  brands like -  epson  canon  hewlett  packard  lexmark  more !  100 %  quality satisfaction guarantee or your money back !  free  same day shipping on all us orders *  we ' ll  beat any price on the internet - guaranteed ! * *  click  here to order now !  or  call us toll - free at 1 - 800 - 758 - 8084 !  * free shipping only on  orders of $ 40 or more . * * we beat any online retailer ' s price by 5 % .  call us with the url ( website ) advertising the lower price and once we  verify the price , we will beat it by 5 % ! ( must be same manufacturer )  you  are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to  receive email communications regarding special online promotions or  offers . if you feel you have received this message in error , or wish to  be removed from our subscriber list , click  here . thank you and we apologize for any inconvenience . ",1,ink prices got would like save printer fax copier supplies brands like epson canon hewlett packard lexmark quality satisfaction guarantee money back free day shipping us orders beat price internet guaranteed click order call us toll free free shipping orders beat online retailer price call us url website advertising lower price verify price beat must manufacturer receiving special offer provided permission receive email communications regarding special online promotions offers feel received message error wish removed subscriber list click thank apologize inconvenience
"Subject: lunch with it and credit  tanya ,  can you coordinate , in my absence , the lunch with it  and credit .  we need the body count and reservation at the restaurant for the 14 th .  vince",0,lunch credit tanya coordinate absence lunch credit need body count reservation restaurant th vince
"Subject: 3 - urgent - to prevent loss of information  critical migration information :  1 . your scheduled outlook migration date is the evening of : may 7 th  2 . you need to press the "" save my data "" button ( only once ) to send us your pre - migration information .  3 . you must be connected to the network before you press the button .  4 . if a pop - up box appears , prompting you to "" abort , cancel or trust signer "" please select trust signer .  5 . any information you add to your personal address book , journal or calendar after you click on the button will need to be manually re - added into outlook after you have been migrated .  6 . clicking this button does not complete your migration to outlook . your migration will be completed the evening of your migration date .  failure to click on the button means you will not get your calendar , contacts , journal and todo information imported into outlook the day of your migration and could result in up to a 2 week delay to restore this information .  if you encounter any errors please contact the resolution center @ 713 - 853 - 1411",0,urgent prevent loss information critical migration information scheduled outlook migration date evening may th need press save data button send us pre migration information must connected network press button pop box appears prompting abort cancel trust signer please select trust signer information add personal address book journal calendar click button need manually added outlook migrated clicking button complete migration outlook migration completed evening migration date failure click button means get calendar contacts journal todo information imported outlook day migration could result week delay restore information encounter errors please contact resolution center
"Subject: hea sporting clays tournament - august 15 , 2000  hea ' s annual sporting clays tournament is just around the corner , august 15 ,  2000 at the american shooting centers . watch your fax for all the details ,  but prepare for the same format as last year with registration starting at  1 : 30 p . m . ( late registration after 2 : 45 earns 2 shot penalty ! ) and the action  beginning at 3 : 30 p . m . warm up with the two - man flush at 1 : 30 . reservation  and pre - payment required by august 9 th ! a "" private drawing "" for a new  shotgun will be held for reservations / payments received by august 1 , 2000 -  so make your plans now to participate .  after the competition , dinner will be again in the air conditioned pavilion  with thousands of dollars in door prizes ! non shooters pay $ 40 per person  for dinner , drinks and door prizes . luck of the draw ( randomly selected  teams ) pay $ 80 per person - 50 targets , dinner , drinks & door prizes . blast  masters ( make your own 4 shooter team ) pay $ 115 per person - 100 targets ,  dinner , drinks & door prizes .  contributions , corporate sponsors and volunteers are needed . if interested ,  please contact one of our three tournament chairs - jim cody ( 713 / 230 - 3550 ) ,  jeff eatherton ( 713 / 230 - 7286 ) or kemp jones ( 713 / 207 - 5189 ) . thanks again to  our sponsors from last year . details will be faxed out and available on our  website friday ( june 16 ) . or call eva pollard at the hea office  ( 713 / 651 - 0551 ) or jim cody for more information .  this message was sent by :  teresa knight , executive director  houston energy association ( hea )  phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551  fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424  tknight @ houstonenergy . org  if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list ,  please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a  mini - form to remove your name automatically .  http : / / www . houstonenergy . org /",0,hea sporting clays tournament august hea annual sporting clays tournament around corner august american shooting centers watch fax details prepare format last year registration starting p late registration earns shot penalty action beginning p warm two man flush reservation pre payment required august th private drawing new shotgun held reservations payments received august make plans participate competition dinner air conditioned pavilion thousands dollars door prizes non shooters pay per person dinner drinks door prizes luck draw randomly selected teams pay per person targets dinner drinks door prizes blast masters make shooter team pay per person targets dinner drinks door prizes contributions corporate sponsors volunteers needed interested please contact one three tournament chairs jim cody jeff eatherton kemp jones thanks sponsors last year details faxed available website friday june call eva pollard hea office jim cody information message sent teresa knight executive director houston energy association hea phone fax tknight houstonenergy org would like email address removed mailing list please click link hea home page find mini form remove name automatically http www houstonenergy org
"Subject: re : mgmt 656 ( rice university )  this list is just a basic excel document with names , id ' s and e - mail  addresses . - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  at 03 : 36 pm 1 / 17 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  > pam ,  >  > thanks . the list of e - mail addresses would be useful as well .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > pamela vande krol castro on 01 / 17 / 2001 03 : 05 : 01 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : mgmt 656 ( rice university )  >  >  > here are your rosters for mgmt 656 . let me know if you need a list of  > e - mail addresses as well . i will update you as student schedules change .  > - pam  > ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  > ( see attached file : 656 . doc )  >  >  - 656 . xls",0,mgmt rice university list basic excel document names id e mail addresses pam pm wrote pam thanks list e mail addresses would useful well vince pamela vande krol castro pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject mgmt rice university rosters mgmt let know need list e mail addresses well update student schedules change pam see attached file doc xls
"Subject: request for natural gas technical analysis  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by patricia tlapek / hou / ect on 09 / 03 / 2000  10 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tim mckone @ enron  08 / 30 / 2000 10 : 21 am  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , anna santucci / na / enron @ enron  subject : request for natural gas technical analysis  hello mike ,  i work in rodney malcolm ' s commercial transaction group , focusing on  developing energy management relationships with large volume industrial  energy consumers . due to the volatility and high price levels of the natural  gas contract , these consumers of natural gas are extremely concerned about  this exposure , and they are asking for our assistance in helping them manage  this exposure . one of the tools that these customers are requesting is  technical analysis of the natural gas contract so as to determine entry  points for their hedges .  to the extent you could assist us with this analysis , we can proactively  meet these customer requests and increase our deal flow .  please advise as to the availability of your assistance .  thank you , tim",0,request natural gas technical analysis forwarded patricia tlapek hou ect tim mckone enron mike roberts hou ect ect cc patricia tlapek hou ect ect anna santucci na enron enron subject request natural gas technical analysis hello mike work rodney malcolm commercial transaction group focusing developing energy management relationships large volume industrial energy consumers due volatility high price levels natural gas contract consumers natural gas extremely concerned exposure asking assistance helping manage exposure one tools customers requesting technical analysis natural gas contract determine entry points hedges extent could assist us analysis proactively meet customer requests increase deal flow please advise availability assistance thank tim
"Subject: in confidence : prc summary  hi vince  following our prc meeting yesterday , here are the high - level facts as i  presented them :  ben parsons , overall : satisfactory . good interpersonal skills , we have  questions on his quant abilities . reluctant to discuss / share his modelling  work , and that which i have seen has too many hand fixes to give me  confidence in his rigour . other enroncredit . com feedback indicates that he  is sometimes prepared to compromise quant analysis to keep the traders happy .  matthew williams , overall : excellent . superior quant skills , excellent  everywhere else . recommended for promotion to senior specialist .  kirstee hewitt , overall : excellent . a solid all - round performance , and a  huge workload . in recognition of the level of responsibility kirstee is  bearing i ' m recommending her for promotion to senior specialist .  sharad agnihotri , overall : excellent . superior quant skills , excellent  everywhere else . very self - directed and commercial - minded . already  operating at manager level in my opinion . flagged for promotion next  mid - year if performance continues at this level .  slava danilov , overall : excellent . superior quant skills , excellent  everywhere else . as a non - commercial - type quant he is hard to fault , but  will probably never work on a trading desk . already operating at manager  level in terms of his depth and rigour of analysis , and the extent to which  he is contributing to the team . flagged for promotion next mid - year if  performance continues at this level .  steve",0,confidence prc summary hi vince following prc meeting yesterday high level facts presented ben parsons overall satisfactory good interpersonal skills questions quant abilities reluctant discuss share modelling work seen many hand fixes give confidence rigour enroncredit com feedback indicates sometimes prepared compromise quant analysis keep traders happy matthew williams overall excellent superior quant skills excellent everywhere else recommended promotion senior specialist kirstee hewitt overall excellent solid round performance huge workload recognition level responsibility kirstee bearing recommending promotion senior specialist sharad agnihotri overall excellent superior quant skills excellent everywhere else self directed commercial minded already operating manager level opinion flagged promotion next mid year performance continues level slava danilov overall excellent superior quant skills excellent everywhere else non commercial type quant hard fault probably never work trading desk already operating manager level terms depth rigour analysis extent contributing team flagged promotion next mid year performance continues level steve
"Subject: computer file protection  dear hulkjr ,  want the best in computer file security ?  in today ' s society of computer hacking , identity theft and general snooping , it is  more important than ever to take precautions to protect your privacy . the internet  is by far the preferred manner of communication in today ' s fast paced world . it does ,  however , present privacy concerns when communicating personal or confidential  information . it also provides computer hackers an extensive playground , with your  identity and financial information as the grand prize .  lock & key encrypter is the perfect solution to these privacy concerns . this affordable ,  easy to use software encrypts your computer files for safe storage or transmittal  over the internet .  don ' t become a victim . protect your privacy and your financial well being .  order today ! this is a limited time offer at this amazing low price $ 19 . 99  visit our secure website for an in - depth look at this product :  http : / / www 299 . fastwebsnet . com  to be eliminated from future marketing : ",1,computer file protection dear hulkjr want best computer file security today society computer hacking identity theft general snooping important ever take precautions protect privacy internet far preferred manner communication today fast paced world however present privacy concerns communicating personal confidential information also provides computer hackers extensive playground identity financial information grand prize lock key encrypter perfect solution privacy concerns affordable easy use software encrypts computer files safe storage transmittal internet become victim protect privacy financial well order today limited time offer amazing low price visit secure website depth look product http www fastwebsnet com eliminated future marketing
"Subject: 3 hours vacation  vince :  if it is all right i would like to take a couple hours vacation in the  morning . my  grandson starts "" middle school "" ( 6 th grade ) and he wants me to take him .  i should be in by 10 : 00 am .  thanks !  shirley",0,hours vacation vince right would like take couple hours vacation morning grandson starts middle school th grade wants take thanks shirley
"Subject: fwd : norton makes the best software available , now only $ 29 . 99 ! 32053  do  you care about your computer ?  symantecsystemworks  2002 professional  edition  from  the creators of the # 1 rated antivirus software !  this  unbeatable software suite comes with every  program you ' ll ever need to answer the problems or threats that your  computer faces each day of it ' s life ! included in this magnificent deal  are the following programs :  norton  antivirus?ffff 99 2002 - the # 1  anti - virus protecion ever ! norton utilities?ffff 99 2002  - diagnose any problem with your  system !  norton ghost?ffff 99 2002 - makes  backing up your valuable data easy !  norton cleansweep?ffff 99 2002 - eliminates excess  data instantly !  norton winfax?ffff 99 basic - turns your  cpu into a fax machine !  goback?ffffae 3 personal - helps  prevent you from making any mistakes !  * all  this sells at the store for $ 99 . 95 * get it  now for only $ 29 . 99 ! with  free shipping !  click  here to order now !  limited time offer . when we  run out it ' s gone , so get it while it ' s hot !  call  1 - 800 - 861 - 1481 order now !  your  email address was obtained from an opt - in list . ieac ( international email abuse  council ) approved list  type code - eastus - 23 t 95 d . if you wish to be unsubscribed from  this list , please click  here . we do not condone spam in any shape or form . we appreciate your cooperation . ",1,fwd norton makes best software available care computer symantecsystemworks professional edition creators rated antivirus software unbeatable software suite comes every program ever need answer problems threats computer faces day life included magnificent deal following programs norton antivirusffff anti virus protecion ever norton utilitiesffff diagnose problem system norton ghostffff makes backing valuable data easy norton cleansweepffff eliminates excess data instantly norton winfaxffff basic turns cpu fax machine gobackffffae personal helps prevent making mistakes sells store get free shipping click order limited time offer run gone get hot call order email address obtained opt list ieac international email abuse council approved list type code eastus wish unsubscribed list please click condone spam shape form appreciate cooperation
"Subject: entouch newsletter  business highlights  enron industrial markets  enron industrial markets announced the signing of definitive agreements with huntco , inc . under which over a 15 - year period enron will provide inventory price risk management services and will eventually provide more than 600 , 000 tons per year of hot - rolled , cold - rolled and galvanized steel products to huntco steel . the agreements provide enron access to huntco ' s network of steel distribution centers nationwide . the agreements also provide for enron ' s acquisition of huntco ' s cold rolling and certain coil pickling operations in blytheville , arkansas .  these transactions with huntco have the potential to fundamentally change the way steel is bought and sold in the united states . it gives enron immediate access to physical steel and positions enron geographically to serve the steel industry in a variety of ways . in addition to providing physical products on both a spot and term basis , eim ' s goals for the steel industry include developing commodity risk management products , providing structured finance products and establishing the market - making capabilities that enron has brought to the natural gas , power and other commodity markets .  enron north america - upstream products  upstream products has partnered with duke energy field services ( defs ) to close a 20 - year ngl exchange and transportation deal with formosa hydrocarbons and williams energy field services to handle raw make product from the williams markham plant . formosa hydrocarbons is building a 40 , 000 bpd fractionator to handle this and other gulf coast ngl production . the accompanying pipeline will be known as the seabreeze pipeline system and will be constructed by defs . texas brine llc will provide ngl storage services for formosa hydrocarbons on this system . primary production for this system is coming from the boomvang nansen field in the deepwater gom and will be the first deepwater gom production to come onshore in texas .  upstream products has also worked to arrange a 20 - year transportation lease agreement on the dean pipeline ( owned by teppco ) for refinery grade propylene service to be utilized by formosa plastics . coupled with this transaction , enron clean fuels has entered into a propylene storage agreement with formosa plastics to utilize ecf ' s mt . belvieu storage facilities . in addition , enron global markets has been able to amend its current transportation agreement with teppco to prematurely terminate a take - or - pay obligation and realize additional transportation revenues from interim ngl production coming from the williams markham to be delivered to mt . belvieu .  upon close , upstream products was monetized out of its initial position by defs and retained a risk - free net profits position on the seabreeze pipeline going forward for an additional 20 , 000 - 40 , 000 bpd of excess capacity on the system .  ena west power  southwest power , an ena affiliate , signed a 222 mw 15 - year tolling agreement with allegheny energy supply for all of the output of southwest ' s las vegas expansion project , scheduled for completion in september , 2002 . with the tolling agreement done and construction underway , the project will now be marketed to qualified generators .  in the news  "" to truly understand enron ' s jeffrey skilling - the hypersmart , hyperconfident chief executive of what may now be the largest energy trading company on the planet - head to your local video store and check out that classic american cinema , wayne ' s world . at 15 , skilling helped launch a no - budget television station in aurora , illinois - the very thing that mike myers and dana carvey so famously spoofed on saturday night live and in two movies . the tv skit even begins with a sketch of a teenage cameraman , the role of the real - life skilling . "" - - - randall lane , worth magazine . may 2001 .  calgary , alberta - - enron canada has settled its lawsuit with ngx , canadian enerdata , om gruppen and richard zarzeczny , regarding the compilation and methodology for calculating the alberta natural gas price indices published by the canadian gas price reporter . by the terms of the settlement there will be a joint press release issued regarding the settlement , which is to be the only public communication regarding the matter unless agreed to by all parties . otherwise the settlement is confidential to the parties . accordingly , there is to be no formal or informal discussion with media , colleagues , competitors , counterparties or otherwise .  welcome  new hires  egm - salil pradhan , randy o ' conner , ricardo charvel , greg fields , ken newman , john ashman , rick cantrell , tim klaiber , trevor woods ,  eim - tim asterman , maxine leclaire , jerry newton , philip siewert , janamon johnson , darralyn briskey , theodore rogers ,  ena - rae meadows , tiffany winship , adrianne engler , kimberly yates , jackie verity ,  transfers ( to or within )  ena - christa winfrey , mario alonso , paul rizo - patron , nick ploitis , misti day , robert cothran , susan wilson , diane cutsforth , david owen  egm - mark friedman , john groves , deirdre mccaffrey , william windle  enrononline statistics  below are the latest figures for enrononline as of may 9 , 2001 .  * total life to date transactions > 963 , 575  * life to date notional value of transactions > $ 579 billion  nuggets & notes  reminder : brown bag lunch , thursday , may 17 at 11 : 30 am in 5 c 2 . the speaker is michael l . miller discussing principal investments .  "" historically , newsprint has been sold under strong relationships as a highly differentiated , branded product to "" very discriminating "" buyers at newspaper publishers . eim believed differently . by the end of march , eim had succeeded in closing on its 2 nd newsprint mill , making it the 7 th largest newsprint manufacturer in north america . remarkably , in just 2 months , eim ' s newsprint team has succeeded in closing $ 100 mm total notional value "" enron commodity style "" fixed price contracts with terms of 1 to 5 years ? . . and they said it wasn ' t a commodity . ""  rodney malcolm - vice president , forest products sales and marketing  travel tip of the week : book flights 7 days in advance . the cost savings can be considerable if you plan ahead - at least 7 days .  for example : houston to portland  less than 7 days : $ 1 , 652  7 day advance ticketing $ 324  congratulations to kimberly and eric thode , director of ena public relations . they are the proud parents of whitney marie , born on may 3 . she weighed 8 lbs . 8 oz .  congratulations to proud parents nettelton and louise kitchen , coo , enron americas . their son , scott william , was born on may 9 and weighed 9 lbs . 1 oz .  news from the global flash  enron closes major coal deal in germany  after almost six months of negotiations , enron ' s coal team has signed a contract with stadtwerke bremen to supply this major german municipality with coal until 2006 . under the deal structure , enron will deliver a total of 4 . 6 million tonnes of coal - equivalent to an overall contract volume of almost $ 200 million ( dm 440 million ) .  the agreement represents enron ' s first significant long - term coal supply deal in germany . the annual contractual volume amounts to around 3 % of total german coal imports and provides us with continuous volume flow in northern germany , enabling us to grow our position in the market .  parallel to this deal , enron also entered into a separate agreement with hms bergbau agentur , a company specialising in polish exports . under this agreement , hms will be the handling agent and a potential supplier of polish coal to us over the lifetime of the contract .  congratulations to the whole team involved : sven becker , manfred ungethum , cornelia luptowitsch , peter bradley , jez peters and michael schuh .  legal stuff  the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed .",0,entouch newsletter business highlights enron industrial markets enron industrial markets announced signing definitive agreements huntco inc year period enron provide inventory price risk management services eventually provide tons per year hot rolled cold rolled galvanized steel products huntco steel agreements provide enron access huntco network steel distribution centers nationwide agreements also provide enron acquisition huntco cold rolling certain coil pickling operations blytheville arkansas transactions huntco potential fundamentally change way steel bought sold united states gives enron immediate access physical steel positions enron geographically serve steel industry variety ways addition providing physical products spot term basis eim goals steel industry include developing commodity risk management products providing structured finance products establishing market making capabilities enron brought natural gas power commodity markets enron north america upstream products upstream products partnered duke energy field services defs close year ngl exchange transportation deal formosa hydrocarbons williams energy field services handle raw make product williams markham plant formosa hydrocarbons building bpd fractionator handle gulf coast ngl production accompanying pipeline known seabreeze pipeline system constructed defs texas brine llc provide ngl storage services formosa hydrocarbons system primary production system coming boomvang nansen field deepwater gom first deepwater gom production come onshore texas upstream products also worked arrange year transportation lease agreement dean pipeline owned teppco refinery grade propylene service utilized formosa plastics coupled transaction enron clean fuels entered propylene storage agreement formosa plastics utilize ecf mt belvieu storage facilities addition enron global markets able amend current transportation agreement teppco prematurely terminate take pay obligation realize additional transportation revenues interim ngl production coming williams markham delivered mt belvieu upon close upstream products monetized initial position defs retained risk free net profits position seabreeze pipeline going forward additional bpd excess capacity system ena west power southwest power ena affiliate signed mw year tolling agreement allegheny energy supply output southwest las vegas expansion project scheduled completion september tolling agreement done construction underway project marketed qualified generators news truly understand enron jeffrey skilling hypersmart hyperconfident chief executive may largest energy trading company planet head local video store check classic american cinema wayne world skilling helped launch budget television station aurora illinois thing mike myers dana carvey famously spoofed saturday night live two movies tv skit even begins sketch teenage cameraman role real life skilling randall lane worth magazine may calgary alberta enron canada settled lawsuit ngx canadian enerdata om gruppen richard zarzeczny regarding compilation methodology calculating alberta natural gas price indices published canadian gas price reporter terms settlement joint press release issued regarding settlement public communication regarding matter unless agreed parties otherwise settlement confidential parties accordingly formal informal discussion media colleagues competitors counterparties otherwise welcome new hires egm salil pradhan randy conner ricardo charvel greg fields ken newman john ashman rick cantrell tim klaiber trevor woods eim tim asterman maxine leclaire jerry newton philip siewert janamon johnson darralyn briskey theodore rogers ena rae meadows tiffany winship adrianne engler kimberly yates jackie verity transfers within ena christa winfrey mario alonso paul rizo patron nick ploitis misti day robert cothran susan wilson diane cutsforth david owen egm mark friedman john groves deirdre mccaffrey william windle enrononline statistics latest figures enrononline may total life date transactions life date notional value transactions billion nuggets notes reminder brown bag lunch thursday may c speaker michael l miller discussing principal investments historically newsprint sold strong relationships highly differentiated branded product discriminating buyers newspaper publishers eim believed differently end march eim succeeded closing nd newsprint mill making th largest newsprint manufacturer north america remarkably months eim newsprint team succeeded closing mm total notional value enron commodity style fixed price contracts terms years said commodity rodney malcolm vice president forest products sales marketing travel tip week book flights days advance cost savings considerable plan ahead least days example houston portland less days day advance ticketing congratulations kimberly eric thode director ena public relations proud parents whitney marie born may weighed lbs oz congratulations proud parents nettelton louise kitchen coo enron americas son scott william born may weighed lbs oz news global flash enron closes major coal deal germany almost six months negotiations enron coal team signed contract stadtwerke bremen supply major german municipality coal deal structure enron deliver total million tonnes coal equivalent overall contract volume almost million dm million agreement represents enron first significant long term coal supply deal germany annual contractual volume amounts around total german coal imports provides us continuous volume flow northern germany enabling us grow position market parallel deal enron also entered separate agreement hms bergbau agentur company specialising polish exports agreement hms handling agent potential supplier polish coal us lifetime contract congratulations whole team involved sven becker manfred ungethum cornelia luptowitsch peter bradley jez peters michael schuh legal stuff information contained newsletter confidential proprietary enron corp subsidiaries intended internal use disclosed
"Subject: reply requested : do you code or approve invoices ?  do you code or approve invoices for goods and services that are processed by the houston - based accounts payable center ?  if yes , please read and respond to this e - mail .  on may lst , ibuyit payables will be activated for all organizations supported by the houston - based accounts payable processing center ( for example , invoices submitted via ap drop box to 600 jefferson , houston ) . if you code or approve these invoices , the ibuyit payables project team has important information to share with you about the ibuyit payables system , training , and the may lst transition to the new system .  to identify yourself as a future ibuyit payables coder or approver , please respond to this e - mail upon receipt with the following information :  * full name ( first , middle , last )  * e - mail address  * business unit ( for example , corporate , ets , ews , ees , or ebs )  * do you code invoices ? ( yes / no )  * do you approve invoices ? ( yes / no )  * are you a remote user ? for example , do you dialup to access the enron network ? ( yes / no )  this will ensure that you receive important ibuyit payables information . thank you for your response !  attached is important ibuyit payables training information : ",0,reply requested code approve invoices code approve invoices goods services processed houston based accounts payable center yes please read respond e mail may lst ibuyit payables activated organizations supported houston based accounts payable processing center example invoices submitted via ap drop box jefferson houston code approve invoices ibuyit payables project team important information share ibuyit payables system training may lst transition new system identify future ibuyit payables coder approver please respond e mail upon receipt following information full name first middle last e mail address business unit example corporate ets ews ees ebs code invoices yes approve invoices yes remote user example dialup access enron network yes ensure receive important ibuyit payables information thank response attached important ibuyit payables training information
"Subject: project  richard ,  i would like to inform you that we decided against participation in your  project .  thanks for your interest in having enron involved in the study .  vince kaminski",0,project richard would like inform decided participation project thanks interest enron involved study vince kaminski
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe liiustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  florentina ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professional adobe premiere pro corel desiqner quickbooks professional edition adobe pagemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corel painter lx adobe liiustrator cs adobe indesiqn cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker uiead cooi production studio alias motion buiider professionai quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely florentina
"Subject: re : telephone interview with the research group  fyi .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 27 / 2000  01 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tammy ting - yuan wang on 04 / 27 / 2000 12 : 36 : 13 pm  to : shirley crenshaw  cc :  subject : re : telephone interview with the research group  dear ms . crenshaw ,  thank you for giving me a chance to talk to you .  however , i have already got an offer from another  company . i will start working as a full time after i  graduate in may .  thank you for taking time reviewing my resume .  have a nice day .  sincerely ,  tammy wang  - - - shirley crenshaw  wrote :  >  >  > good morning tammy :  >  > the enron corp . research group would like to conduct  > a telephone  > interview with you at your convenience . this will  > be as a "" summer  > intern "" with the research group .  >  > please let me know your availability on monday , may  > lst or thursday ;  > may 4 th .  >  > the persons who will be interviewing you are :  >  > vince kaminski managing director  > stinson gibner vice president  > krishna krishnarao director  > osman sezgen manager  >  > i look forward to hearing from you .  >  > thank you and have a great day  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > 713 - 852 - 5290  >  >  >  >  do you yahoo ! ?  talk to your friends online and get email alerts with yahoo ! messenger .  http : / / im . yahoo . com /",0,telephone interview research group fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm tammy ting yuan wang pm shirley crenshaw cc subject telephone interview research group dear ms crenshaw thank giving chance talk however already got offer another company start working full time graduate may thank taking time reviewing resume nice day sincerely tammy wang shirley crenshaw wrote good morning tammy enron corp research group would like conduct telephone interview convenience summer intern research group please let know availability monday may lst thursday may th persons interviewing vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president krishna krishnarao director osman sezgen manager look forward hearing thank great day shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator yahoo talk friends online get email alerts yahoo messenger http im yahoo com
"Subject: re : visit ?  frank ,  we shall be glad to meet you in houston . i am sure that we can find many  interesting  topics to discuss  we can pay for your trip to houston . i shall call you next week to discuss  the details .  vince  "" francis x . diebold "" on 04 / 11 / 2000 04 : 15 : 40 pm  to : vince kaminski  cc :  subject : visit ?  dear vince ,  i very much enjoyed speaking with you at lunch , if only briefly , at the   see  http : / / www . stern . nyu . edu / ~ fdiebold .  the upshot : it seems to me that we would both benefit from a more  extensive conversation . i  would be happy to visit you in houston to learn more about your  operations , and to tell you more  about mine . please do let me know if you are interested .  best regards ,  frank diebold  - -  francis x . diebold  armellino professor of finance  stern school of business  new york university  44 west 4 th street , k - mec , suite 9 - 190  new york , ny 10012 - 1126  fdiebold @ stern . nyu . edu  http : / / www . stern . nyu . edu / ~ fdiebold  ( 212 ) 998 - 0799 office telephone  ( 610 ) 585 - 4057 voicemail  ( 212 ) 998 - 0351 fax",0,visit frank shall glad meet houston sure find many interesting topics discuss pay trip houston shall call next week discuss details vince francis x diebold pm vince kaminski cc subject visit dear vince much enjoyed speaking lunch briefly see http www stern nyu edu fdiebold upshot seems would benefit extensive conversation would happy visit houston learn operations tell mine please let know interested best regards frank diebold francis x diebold armellino professor finance stern school business new york university west th street k mec suite new york ny fdiebold stern nyu edu http www stern nyu edu fdiebold office telephone voicemail fax
"Subject: re : weather and energy price data  mulong ,  we shall send you natural gas henry hub prices right away .  please look at the last winter and the winter of  95 / 96 .  we shall prepare for you the electricity price  information ( cinergy , cobb and palo verde ) but  you have to approach ft ( the publishers of  megawatts daily , a newsletter that produces the price  index we recommend using ) and request the permision  to use the data . we are not allowed to distribute  this information .  please , explain that this is for academic research and that  we can produce the time series for you ,  conditional on the permission from the publishers  of megawatts daily .  vince kaminski  mulong wang on 04 / 15 / 2001 03 : 43 : 26 am  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc : richard macminn  subject : weather and energy price data  dear dr . kaminski :  i am a phd candidate under the supervision of drs . richard macminn and  patrick brockett . i am now working on my dissertation which is focused on  the weather derivatives and credit derivatives .  could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about  the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions ?  the past winter of 2000 was very cold nationwide , and there may be a  significant price jump for natural gas or electricity . could you  please offer me some energy price data during that time period ?  your kind assistance will be highly appreciated and have a great day !  mulong",0,weather energy price data mulong shall send natural gas henry hub prices right away please look last winter winter shall prepare electricity price information cinergy cobb palo verde approach ft publishers megawatts daily newsletter produces price index recommend using request permision use data allowed distribute information please explain academic research produce time series conditional permission publishers megawatts daily vince kaminski mulong wang vkamins ect enron com cc richard macminn subject weather energy price data dear dr kaminski phd candidate supervision drs richard macminn patrick brockett working dissertation focused weather derivatives credit derivatives could kindly please offer real weather data information price peak plummet weather conditions past winter cold nationwide may significant price jump natural gas electricity could please offer energy price data time period kind assistance highly appreciated great day mulong
"Subject: re : response from lenos  steve ,  i shall e - mail you my standard real option spin presentation + plus a  presentation on enron  ( for analysts ) . you can use a few slides to introduce the company .  i would prefer not to disseminate the information about the use of amc . the  industry  does not know about it yet and i consider it a very powerful tool ( given its  flexibility ) .  i have the files on my laptop . i shall bring it to work to morrow  and send it to you .  please , remind me about it on thursday ( old age and the hectic pace here start  showing up ) .  vince  steven leppard  04 / 26 / 2000 05 : 09 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : response from lenos  vince  lenos got back to me , and said he ' d prefer a high - level overview of real  options in enron , perhaps using my notation to express the ideas . he wants  me to keep away from the technicalities of my work .  would you send me your ( usual ) powerpoint presentation on real options , and  i ' ll look at manipulating it to include my diagrams . my own efforts to date  have been on fairly limited power plant modelling / asset development , and i  obviously don ' t have the high - level view you have . this will ensure i get  the full range of real option type deals in my presentation .  if required i could present the real option problems i have analysed , namely :  1 . maintenance scheduling in power plant operation ;  2 . gas storage ;  3 . power plant asset development , which would include ( 1 ) as a sub - tree .  i will also need your advice on whether i can talk about the fact that we  prefer american monte carlo to build our trees . i haven ' t used amc myself up  till now , i ' ve been carrying out static optimizations , with different price  curve scenarios being run through .  i ' m still working on selling the full stochastic dynamic programming approach  - people are just getting to the stage of accepting my deterministic dp , and  they ' re still being supplied with useful products , as per my "" real options  strategy "" document .  cheers ,  steve",0,response lenos steve shall e mail standard real option spin presentation plus presentation enron analysts use slides introduce company would prefer disseminate information use amc industry know yet consider powerful tool given flexibility files laptop shall bring work morrow send please remind thursday old age hectic pace start showing vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject response lenos vince lenos got back said prefer high level overview real options enron perhaps using notation express ideas wants keep away technicalities work would send usual powerpoint presentation real options look manipulating include diagrams efforts date fairly limited power plant modelling asset development obviously high level view ensure get full range real option type deals presentation required could present real option problems analysed namely maintenance scheduling power plant operation gas storage power plant asset development would include sub tree also need advice whether talk fact prefer american monte carlo build trees used amc till carrying static optimizations different price curve scenarios run still working selling full stochastic dynamic programming approach people getting stage accepting deterministic dp still supplied useful products per real options strategy document cheers steve
"Subject: ena analyst and associate "" brownbag "" presentations  it is the intent of the office of the chairman to maintain a high quality  flow of analysts and associates rotating through enron north america as well  as provide them with up to date information on all the potential rotations in  ena . additionally , we would like to provide the ena aa ' s a forum for your  respective groups to promote your business unit as a viable alternative in  the rotation process . i need your assistance for this endeavor and want your  respective business unit to participate in the process by delivering an  informal presentation to the aa group which should include the following :  your business unit ' s current activities , purpose and interfaces with other  departments  recent successes and current projects  ideas on the horizon  opportunities in your business unit for aa ' s  the benifits of rotation in your business unit  an open q & a session  these presentations should be informal and it is not necessary to have  handouts . the goal is to provide an open forum for the aa ' s and to have them  ask questions about each business unit . also , bringing one of your current  aa ' s with you to provide their insight might help stimulate discussion . ted  bland will be contacting you to schedule your business unit for a  presentation . the first "" brownbag "" will take place september 8 between  12 : 00 pm and 1 : 00 pm in room 30 cl .  dave",0,ena analyst associate brownbag presentations intent office chairman maintain high quality flow analysts associates rotating enron north america well provide date information potential rotations ena additionally would like provide ena aa forum respective groups promote business unit viable alternative rotation process need assistance endeavor want respective business unit participate process delivering informal presentation aa group include following business unit current activities purpose interfaces departments recent successes current projects ideas horizon opportunities business unit aa benifits rotation business unit open q session presentations informal necessary handouts goal provide open forum aa ask questions business unit also bringing one current aa provide insight might help stimulate discussion ted bland contacting schedule business unit presentation first brownbag take place september pm pm room cl dave
"Subject: dr . michelle foss - energy institute  christie ,  i am forwarding you a message i have received from the university of houston .  can you help them ? we have a very good relationship with the uoh .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001  05 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  aisha jamal on 04 / 23 / 2001 03 : 15 : 29 pm  please respond to aisha @ uh . edu  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc : mmfoss @ uh . edu  subject : dr . michelle foss - energy institute  dear mr . kaminski ,  i am writing to ask a favor for dr . michelle foss . as you know we will  be running our "" new era "" program from may 14 - may 25 th . dr . foss was  wondering if on may 22 nd ( between 1 : 30 pm and 4 : 00 pm ) , we would be able to  bring  our participants for a tour of your trading floor . at this time we will have  30 - 40 people , and since only 10 people maximum should really be on a  trading floor we need to have 4 companies among which to divide our  participants . at this time , we have a floor from coral energy , and are  working with duke ,  and i will be contacting mr . paul roberts to arrange for the reliant energy  trading floor . i was hoping very much that you would be able to direct  me to the right person to contact to arrange this tour . will this be a  possiblity ? i really appreciate your help very much . thank you !  best regards ,  aisha jamal  energy institute  713 - 743 - 4634",0,dr michelle foss energy institute christie forwarding message received university houston help good relationship uoh vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm aisha jamal pm please respond aisha uh edu vkamins ect enron com cc mmfoss uh edu subject dr michelle foss energy institute dear mr kaminski writing ask favor dr michelle foss know running new era program may may th dr foss wondering may nd pm pm would able bring participants tour trading floor time people since people maximum really trading floor need companies among divide participants time floor coral energy working duke contacting mr paul roberts arrange reliant energy trading floor hoping much would able direct right person contact arrange tour possiblity really appreciate help much thank best regards aisha jamal energy institute
"Subject: interview schedules for tony hamilton and damian likely  please find the interview packets for the above - referenced candidates . the  interviews will occur on friday january 26 , 2001 . please print all documents  for your reference . hardcopies of their resumes will be delivered via  runner . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not  hesitate to contact me .  shawn grady  58701",0,interview schedules tony hamilton damian likely please find interview packets referenced candidates interviews occur friday january please print documents reference hardcopies resumes delivered via runner questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact shawn grady
"Subject: clear benefits of creative design  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your  company will automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isquite ciear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,clear benefits creative design lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwhelminq good catchy logo stylish statlonery outstandlng webslte wili make task much easier promise ordered ioqo company automaticaiiy become world ieader isquite ciear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: research and development charges to gpg  janice :  here is the memo i spoke to you about concerning the charges that need  to be reversed .  if you have any questions , please call me .  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 16 / 2000  09 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kimberly watson @ enron  06 / 15 / 2000 03 : 26 pm  to : kent miller / et & s / enron @ enron , martha janousek / et & s / enron @ enron , elaine  concklin / et & s / enron @ enron , vera apodaca / et & s / enron @ enron , rod  hayslett / fgt / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : research and development charges to gpg  vince , krishna and i met to discuss the research and development cross  charges to gpg for january through june . these charges are based upon a  budgeted amount of allocating three resources to the gpg group ( two resources  for revenue management and one resource for gpg marketing ) . we have utilized  the r & d group some during the first half of the year , but not to the full  extent of three resources . vince and krishna have agreed to reverse out some  of the charges that were budgeted january through june . we will revisit this  issue again toward the end of the year to determine if any adjustments are  necessary for july through december .  the budgeted amount january through june has been distributed between the nng  and tw as follows :  research and development  budget ( $ 000 ) nng tw et & s  january $ 46 . 7 $ 46 . 7  february $ 26 . 1 $ 20 . 4 $ 46 . 5  march $ 35 . 9 $ 10 . 2 $ 46 . 1  april $ 34 . 8 $ 10 . 2 $ 45 . 0  may $ 36 . 4 $ 8 . 8 $ 45 . 2  june $ 36 . 4 $ 8 . 8 $ 45 . 2  $ 274 . 7  out of the $ 274 . 7 budgeted for the first half of the year , $ 199 . 7 is to be  reversed back to the research and development department . this reversal will  occur in july . vince , vera apodaca ( ext . x 35980 ) will be our contact to  help facilitate the reversal of these charges .  elaine , the remaining $ 75 . 0 ( $ 274 . 7 - $ 199 . 7 ) is to be allocated with $ 50 . 0  going to the revenue management work order and $ 25 . 0 remaining in o & m .  if anyone has any questions or needs additional information , please don ' t  hesitate to call me ( x 33098 ) . thanks , kim .",0,research development charges gpg janice memo spoke concerning charges need reversed questions please call shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect kimberly watson enron pm kent miller et enron enron martha janousek et enron enron elaine concklin et enron enron vera apodaca et enron enron rod hayslett fgt enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject research development charges gpg vince krishna met discuss research development cross charges gpg january june charges based upon budgeted amount allocating three resources gpg group two resources revenue management one resource gpg marketing utilized r group first half year full extent three resources vince krishna agreed reverse charges budgeted january june revisit issue toward end year determine adjustments necessary july december budgeted amount january june distributed nng tw follows research development budget nng tw et january february march april may june budgeted first half year reversed back research development department reversal occur july vince vera apodaca ext x contact help facilitate reversal charges elaine remaining allocated going revenue management work order remaining anyone questions needs additional information please hesitate call x thanks kim
"Subject: telerate service  hello everyone :  please let me know if you have a subscription to "" telerate "" ? we are  being billed for this service and i do not know who is using it .  thanks !  shirley",0,telerate service hello everyone please let know subscription telerate billed service know using thanks shirley
"Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  lf you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do  that is to  make your site visibie in piaces  where people search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in muitiple search engines .  submit your website oniine  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  kenethmckenzie _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,online sales low enough visitors submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically lf invested time money website simply must submit website oniine otherwise wili invisibie virtualiy means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues way make site visibie piaces people search information e submit website muitiple search engines submit website oniine watch visitors stream e business best regards kenethmckenzie interested
"Subject: re : possible summer internship with enron  vince and datren :  i have scheduled a telephone interview with ainsley this afternoon ( thursday )  at 2 : 00 pm . her telephone no . is 281 - 852 - 9116 .  you can use conference room ebl 938 .  thanks !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 05 / 25 / 2000  07 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" ainsley gaddis "" on 05 / 24 / 2000 04 : 09 : 07 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : possible summer internship with enron  hi ms . crenshaw !  the best time for the interview would be tomorrow , thursday , around 2 : 00 .  you can reach me at 281 - 852 - 9116 . talk to you then !  sincerely ,  ainsley gaddis",0,possible summer internship enron vince datren scheduled telephone interview ainsley afternoon thursday pm telephone use conference room ebl thanks forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect ainsley gaddis pm cc subject possible summer internship enron hi ms crenshaw best time interview would tomorrow thursday around reach talk sincerely ainsley gaddis
"Subject: fw : mark boland - cv  vince : tony vasut , another recruiter , is bringing mark boland in for a  series of interviews on 3 / 20 and 3 / 21 , and asked if there was any chance that  you or someone in your group would be able to interview him . his resume is  attached , and i will also send you a list of his deals under separate  cover . shirley has told me that you will be in and out for the next  several weeks , so if you are unavailable would you please suggest someone  else in your group who might be able to interview mark ?  thanks , as always ,  molly  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vasut , tony  sent : tuesday , march 13 , 2001 9 : 59 am  to : magee , molly  subject : fw : mark boland - cv  molly :  here is mark ' s resume as discussed . please let me know if anyone in research  ( preferably vince ) is available to meet w / him on either 3 / 20 or 3 / 21 .  thanks ,  tony  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : port , david  sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 10 : 46 am  to : vasut , tony  subject : fw : mark boland - cv  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : mark . boland @ seb . se @ enron  sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 8 : 10 am  to : port , david  subject : mark boland - cv  > to summarize my situation : i ' m in charge of structuring equity linked , ir ,  > fx , commodity and other  > linked bonds and investments for one of northern europe s leading banks .  > i ' m 34 years old and married to lisa who is swedish . i have over 7 years  > in the structured derivatives business in capital  > markets , with a solid wall street foundation at bankers trust and overseas  > at a more senior level  > of sales , structuring and managing deals from conception to completion .  >  > >  >  > thanks and regards ,  > mark  >  > mark m . boland  > seb merchant banking  > 10640 stockholm , sweden  >  > telephone + 46 8 5062 3224  > cell + 46 70 772 3224  >  > this e - mail is from seb , skandinaviska enskilda banken . it may contain  > privileged and confidential information and is intended for the named  > recipient ( s ) only . if you are not an intended recipient , please notify us  > immediately by reply e - mail , delete this e - mail from your system and  > destroy any copy hereof .  >  - boland . doc",0,fw mark boland cv vince tony vasut another recruiter bringing mark boland series interviews asked chance someone group would able interview resume attached also send list deals separate cover shirley told next several weeks unavailable would please suggest someone else group might able interview mark thanks always molly original message vasut tony sent tuesday march magee molly subject fw mark boland cv molly mark resume discussed please let know anyone research preferably vince available meet w either thanks tony original message port david sent monday march vasut tony subject fw mark boland cv original message mark boland seb se enron sent monday march port david subject mark boland cv summarize situation charge structuring equity linked ir fx commodity linked bonds investments one northern europe leading banks years old married lisa swedish years structured derivatives business capital markets solid wall street foundation bankers trust overseas senior level sales structuring managing deals conception completion thanks regards mark mark boland seb merchant banking stockholm sweden telephone cell e mail seb skandinaviska enskilda banken may contain privileged confidential information intended named recipient intended recipient please notify us immediately reply e mail delete e mail system destroy copy hereof boland doc
"Subject: re : outage tracker option and background  karl ,  thanks a lot . i have passed this information to grant masson  who worked here on a related problem .  he will get in touch with you regarding this technology .  vince  karl tomlinson @ enron _ development  07 / 24 / 2000 06 : 00 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : outage tracker option and background  vince ,  to follow up on the idea of a means for effectively tracking instantanious  plant faliure utilising either system frequency or connection point voltage .  the system frequency phase shift across a network will probably be the best  option as this would allow alll significant deviations to be tracked along  with relative network performance from a few points .  i am currently chasing nemmco ( au system operator ) to get hold of a few weeks  of 4 second metering data for the whole system to see if there is enough  measurement consistency to prove one of the ideas .  the idea follows along the lines ( literally ! ) that when a unit fails it will  introduce a shock into the system and reduce system frequency , which is then  reacted to by frequency control services offered in by generators . the drop  in frequency is noticable across the whole network and as one option may  change the phase shift across the whole grid . the phase shift across the  network is constantly changing due to loads and power factor correctrion  devices switching on and off , however a unit failure may be distinct .  the second option relates to how a unit fails , whereby if a circuit breaker  is involved as in the case of uncontrolled shutdowns , then the outage will  cause an rf pulse that should propogate across some of the network .  transformers will attenuate the pulse , however it should be detectable many  miles away from the fault location . measure the arrival time at several point  on the network , work out the shift and backtrack on the network . part of the  solution is already proven in lightning trackers . the solution may be made  more simple by detecting the exact point on the sinewave that the unit failed  ( i . e . measuring the three phases at lmhz and then sending the data through a  dsp ) . this solution is more complex , however this should allow unit failure  to be pinpointed to a station . the timing base for each of the nodes may be  sourced from gps timing , self locating at the same time !  will send you some links and documents for potentail hardware and setups .  karl .",0,outage tracker option background karl thanks lot passed information grant masson worked related problem get touch regarding technology vince karl tomlinson enron development pm vince j kaminski ect cc subject outage tracker option background vince follow idea means effectively tracking instantanious plant faliure utilising either system frequency connection point voltage system frequency phase shift across network probably best option would allow alll significant deviations tracked along relative network performance points currently chasing nemmco au system operator get hold weeks second metering data whole system see enough measurement consistency prove one ideas idea follows along lines literally unit fails introduce shock system reduce system frequency reacted frequency control services offered generators drop frequency noticable across whole network one option may change phase shift across whole grid phase shift across network constantly changing due loads power factor correctrion devices switching however unit failure may distinct second option relates unit fails whereby circuit breaker involved case uncontrolled shutdowns outage cause rf pulse propogate across network transformers attenuate pulse however detectable many miles away fault location measure arrival time several point network work shift backtrack network part solution already proven lightning trackers solution may made simple detecting exact point sinewave unit failed e measuring three phases lmhz sending data dsp solution complex however allow unit failure pinpointed station timing base nodes may sourced gps timing self locating time send links documents potentail hardware setups karl
"Subject: agenda & pre - work for valuation visioning session  attached is a copy of the agenda for thursday ' s meeting . in preparation for  the meeting , please think about and be prepared to discuss what "" valuation ""  means to you in the systems you support or the job you do .  if you have any questions , feel free to contact me at 5 - 9353 .  thanks .  chris",0,agenda pre work valuation visioning session attached copy agenda thursday meeting preparation meeting please think prepared discuss valuation means systems support job questions feel free contact thanks chris
"Subject: rice seminar  hello all :  fyi :  jones graduate school research seminar series in finance  sponsored by enron corp .  alon brav  fuqua school of business  duke university  will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , march 31 ,  "" competing theories of financial anomalies ""  * the seminar will begin at 3 : 15 pm in room 115 .  * note the slightly early start time to accommodate an early flight .  a pdf of the paper is available through the seminar website ",0,rice seminar hello fyi jones graduate school research seminar series finance sponsored enron corp alon brav fuqua school business duke university give seminar jones school friday march competing theories financial anomalies seminar begin pm room note slightly early start time accommodate early flight pdf paper available seminar website
"Subject: position report for dual trigger product  vince ,  i have enclosed a summary of our proposed approach on calculation of notional  and the greeks for dual trigger option portfolio . please let us know your  thoughts / comments .  amitava",0,position report dual trigger product vince enclosed summary proposed approach calculation notional greeks dual trigger option portfolio please let us know thoughts comments amitava
"Subject: all generic viagra prices include a free online prescription .  same medication - low price  education is life itself .  high thoughts must have high language .  living is easy with eyes closed , misunderstanding all you see .",1,generic viagra prices include free online prescription medication low price education life high thoughts must high language living easy eyes closed misunderstanding see
"Subject: replacement of stolen chairs  hi reggie ,  we spoke regarding the chairs on monday .  please , we need these chairs as soon as possible , without being charged .  we paid for all new chairs each time we moved and it ' s not fair we pay again .  thanks  kevin moore  p . s . these chairs were taken . . . . . . . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 04 / 18 / 2000 10 : 46  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : william smith @ enron 04 / 18 / 2000 10 : 00 am  to : reggie wilson / epsc / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  subject : replacement of stolen chairs  reggie ,  there may already be a request floating around for a standard black office  chair for ebl 972 d . it was stolen over a weekend several weeks ago . in  addition to that one , my own chair at eb 3132 a was stolen this past weekend .  could you come up with a couple of decent ones for us ?  if you need to charge them to us , our numbers are 0011 and 100038 . as  always , call me if you need to at x 58322 .  thanks !  sam smith",0,replacement stolen chairs hi reggie spoke regarding chairs monday please need chairs soon possible without charged paid new chairs time moved fair pay thanks kevin moore p chairs taken forwarded kevin g moore hou ect enron north america corp william smith enron reggie wilson epsc hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect kevin g moore hou ect ect subject replacement stolen chairs reggie may already request floating around standard black office chair ebl stolen weekend several weeks ago addition one chair eb stolen past weekend could come couple decent ones us need charge us numbers always call need x thanks sam smith
"Subject: wharton  hi jeff !  i know you received the information below . additionally , i have 2 people  from broadband services meeting us there friday ( one is traci warner who set  up the rice u deal ) . further , i ' ll be meeting with amy briggs regarding the  entrepeneurship conference nov 30 th and dec lst . i ' ve already spoken with  her and tom piazze and both independently confirmed as you suspected that we  committed to sponsor at the $ 10 , 000 level . this entitles us to banners ,  panels , posters , and most importantly , a keynote address . i ' ll discuss the  keynote address with her but would appreciate your thoughts in advance as to  how you ' d like to see the keynote speech executed ( suggestions for topics ,  proposed speaking candidates , when in the conference you ' d like to see  enron ' s speech , etc ) . i ' ll review the trip with you when we return .  thanks jeff !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 10 / 13 / 2000  03 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" piazze , thomas "" on 10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 18 : 24 am  to : "" amit , raffi "" , "" macmillan , ian ""  , "" stamer , anne "" ,  "" cieri , emily gohn "" , "" weigelt , keith w ""  , "" piazze , donna "" ,  "" tyler , cara "" , "" kunreuther , howard ""  , "" wind , yoram "" ,  "" baltes , michael "" , "" winter , sidney g ""  cc : "" roberts , stacey "" , "" williams , dorothy  ( wharton ) "" , "" harker , patrick ""  , "" ' kaminski , vince ' "" ,  "" ' patrick , christie ' "" , "" ' shankman , jeff ' ""  subject : visit by enron , 19 october 2000  a team of key executives from enron will be on campus on the 19 th of october  for the purposes of meeting with key staff and faculty to learn more about  the school and how the firm can gain a greater presence here . included in  this group will be :  vince kaminski , director of research  christie patrick , vp , university relations  mike rosen , director , university affairs group  i have developed a proposed agenda for the visit . please review and confirm  that you are available to meet with one or more of the enron team at the  times specified . if so , please provide me a prefered meeting location . if  not , please alternate times and locations .  8 : 00 - 9 : 00 breakfast with donna piazze and keith weigelt to discuss "" tiger  team fap project "" the ivy grill , inn at penn  9 : 00 - 10 : 30 meeting with raffi amit , ian macmillan , emily cieri and anne  stamer to discuss the sol c . snider entreprenuer center and its related  programs , the business plan competition and webi . . . 4 th floor conference room ,  vance hall ? ? ?  10 : 30 - 12 : 00 christie and mike hold discussions with cara tyler , bob bonner  and pat rose regarding recruiting processes and procedures . . . cms conference  room  10 : 30 - ? ? ? broadband executive meets with gerry mccartney and other  university officials to discuss campus needs , future usage projections , etc .  10 : 30 - 11 : 30 vince meets with sid winter reference jones center and related  research  11 : 30 - 12 : 00 vince meets with howard kunruether to discuss risk management  12 : 00 - 1 : 15 pm group lunch with jerry wind at faculty club to discuss the  e - fellows program  2 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm christie and mike meet with mike baltes to discuss co - branding  issues with wharton and upenn  5 : 00 pm all will attend the et conference dinner event  please confirm your willingness and availability to support this agenda .  thanks for your help .  tom",0,wharton hi jeff know received information additionally people broadband services meeting us friday one traci warner set rice u deal meeting amy briggs regarding entrepeneurship conference nov th dec lst already spoken tom piazze independently confirmed suspected committed sponsor level entitles us banners panels posters importantly keynote address discuss keynote address would appreciate thoughts advance like see keynote speech executed suggestions topics proposed speaking candidates conference like see enron speech etc review trip return thanks jeff christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm piazze thomas amit raffi macmillan ian stamer anne cieri emily gohn weigelt keith w piazze donna tyler cara kunreuther howard wind yoram baltes michael winter sidney g cc roberts stacey williams dorothy wharton harker patrick kaminski vince patrick christie shankman jeff subject visit enron october team key executives enron campus th october purposes meeting key staff faculty learn school firm gain greater presence included group vince kaminski director research christie patrick vp university relations mike rosen director university affairs group developed proposed agenda visit please review confirm available meet one enron team times specified please provide prefered meeting location please alternate times locations breakfast donna piazze keith weigelt discuss tiger team fap project ivy grill inn penn meeting raffi amit ian macmillan emily cieri anne stamer discuss sol c snider entreprenuer center related programs business plan competition webi th floor conference room vance hall christie mike hold discussions cara tyler bob bonner pat rose regarding recruiting processes procedures cms conference room broadband executive meets gerry mccartney university officials discuss campus needs future usage projections etc vince meets sid winter reference jones center related research vince meets howard kunruether discuss risk management pm group lunch jerry wind faculty club discuss e fellows program pm christie mike meet mike baltes discuss co branding issues wharton upenn pm attend et conference dinner event please confirm willingness availability support agenda thanks help tom
"Subject: options library links  elena ,  the new research web page looks very nice .  recently i have a few users who called me about the links to exotica options  library .  i checked , both links to exotica . doc and example spreadsheets do not work .  i appreciate that if you could re - establish the links as soon as possible .  thanks .  zimin",0,options library links elena new research web page looks nice recently users called links exotica options library checked links exotica doc example spreadsheets work appreciate could establish links soon possible thanks zimin
"Subject: enron opportunities  dr . kaminski :  ?  here is my resume and cover letter .  ?  thanks ,  ?  richard iles  - enron cover and resume . doc",0,enron opportunities dr kaminski resume cover letter thanks richard iles enron cover resume doc
"Subject: christie and vince :  on behalf of enron team 1 , we would like to thank you for being such gracious  hosts . the trip far exceeded our expectations and we appreciate the fact  that so many people took time out of their busy schedules to meet with us . a  special thanks to the both of you for spending all day friday with us . we  look forward to our telephone conference on thursday and to working with you  in the future .  team 1 :  kim whitsel  nick levitt  vincent chen  jack rejtman  deepa mallik  tulika bhalla",0,christie vince behalf enron team would like thank gracious hosts trip far exceeded expectations appreciate fact many people took time busy schedules meet us special thanks spending day friday us look forward telephone conference thursday working future team kim whitsel nick levitt vincent chen jack rejtman deepa mallik tulika bhalla
"Subject: natural remedies for sexual health  you have not tried cialis yet ?  conservatives are not necessarily stupid , but most stupid people are conservatives .  time engraves our faces with all the tears we have not shed .  nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion .",1,natural remedies sexual health tried cialis yet conservatives necessarily stupid stupid people conservatives time engraves faces tears shed nothing great world accomplished without passion
"Subject: modeling in real options  vince ,  my name is jeanne anne klein and i am a financial modeler working with  mingcheng lian on a high profile pipeline project in china .  zimin lu referred us to you regarding questions we have on the real option  valuation approach . we are very enthusiastic about what we have read and  heard about this valuation method .  we have been doing some preliminary research on the real option valuation  approach and believe that integrating this approach into our financial model  would bring a significant increase to the value to the project . we have  identified some deal aspects we believe would be ideal to valuate as real  options . our goal is to work with the development team to structure the deal  to incorporate the real option valuation approach into the model enabling us  to arrange the contracts within the deal to optimize the project ' s value .  we would like to arrange a meeting with you at your ealiest convenience to  brainstorm on additional deal aspects that can be valued using the real  option approach as well as on ways to quantify these aspects using the real  option valuation method .  please advise if you will be able to meet with us within the next week or  two .  thank you for your kind attention ,  jeanne anne  x 6 - 6547",0,modeling real options vince name jeanne anne klein financial modeler working mingcheng lian high profile pipeline project china zimin lu referred us regarding questions real option valuation approach enthusiastic read heard valuation method preliminary research real option valuation approach believe integrating approach financial model would bring significant increase value project identified deal aspects believe would ideal valuate real options goal work development team structure deal incorporate real option valuation approach model enabling us arrange contracts within deal optimize project value would like arrange meeting ealiest convenience brainstorm additional deal aspects valued using real option approach well ways quantify aspects using real option valuation method please advise able meet us within next week two thank kind attention jeanne anne x
"Subject: videoconferencing picture clears up  network world fusion focus : neal weinberg on product review of the week  today ' s focus : videoconferencing picture clears up  03 / 14 / 00  dear wincenty kaminski ,  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ this newsletter sponsored  by w . quinn ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  how to regain the 30 % of nt / 2000 server space that ' s wasted  free ! get a grip on spiraling disk consumption and regain 30 % or more  of your site  , s enterprise storage capacity . wquinn ' s storagecentral  lets you : monitor , track and control user disk consumption ; identify and control what types of  files your users can write to your servers .  get a grip on your nt / 2000 storage space - - free eval :  l  copy and paste urls that break in two lines and remove extra spaces .  today ' s focus : videoconferencing picture clears up  by neal weinberg  if you  , ve been turned off by the jumpy frames and poor audio quality  associated with real - time videoconferencing , the reviewmeister has good  news for you . there  , s a new generation of videoconferencing end - point  devices that provide business - quality pictures and sound for under  $ 12 , 000 .  we grabbed a box of popcorn and tested eight videoconferencing systems ,  using 384 k bit / sec isdn and ip connections .  in the category of videoconferencing appliances that is , standalone  systems that go in a conference room for group video sessions with  colleagues or business partners polycom  , s viewstation mp was the  clear winner .  the polycom viewstation provided outstanding video and audio quality .  in addition , it was easy to install , configure and use .  in the category of pc - based products , which are especially good for  virtual collaboration from your desktop , vcon  , s mc 800 was the hands -  down winner , based on its high - quality components .  the beauty of these products is they allow you to have a real - time  video image of the person you  , re conferencing with in one corner of  the screen , with the rest of the space available for data collaboration .  if you  , re in the market for a system , be sure to get one with a sony  evi d 30 / 31 video camera ; an unidirectional boundary microphone , like  the audio technica ; and a quality sound mixer . and look for remote  administration and system management tools . for example , the  viewstation allows you to upgrade software , change settings , or change  address book entries directly from the administrator  , s system .  most systems will allow you to transmit over isdn or ip , but we found  performance over ip was dragged down by ip  , s overhead requirements . for  the complete product review , go to :  of course , there  , s more to videoconferencing than end points , so we  whipped up an implementation guide that lays out the network topology ,  bandwidth and quality - of - service issues .  based on our testing , the reviewmeister says now is the time to start  pilot - testing a videoconferencing system . your chief information  officer will love it when you tell him you can slash your company  , s  airline and hotel bills because you  , ve got people from all over the  company in virtual rather than face - to - face meetings .  next week : we loaded windows 2000 on a pc and a server and ran gigabit  ethernet to the desktop . guess where the bottleneck was ?  to contact neal weinberg :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  neal weinberg is features editor at network world , in charge of product  reviews , buyer ' s guides , technology primers , how - tos , issue - oriented  feature stories and the technology insider series . you can reach him at  mailto : nweinber @ nww . com .  for related links - - click here for network world ' s home page :  http : / / www . nwfusion . com  videoconferencing picture clears up , network world , 03 / 13 / 00  but implementation is still fuzzy , network world , 03 / 13 / 00  how we did it , network world , 03 / 13 / 00  subscription services  to subscribe or unsubscribe to any network world e - mail newsletters ,  go to :  to change your email address , go to :  subscription questions ? contact customer service by replying to this  message .  other questions / comments  have editorial comments ? write jeff caruso , newsletter editor , at :  mailto : jcaruso @ nww . com  for advertising information , write jamie kalbach , account executive ,  at : mailto : jkalbach @ nww . com  network world fusion is part of idg . net , the idg online network .  it all starts here :  http : / / www . idg . com  copyright network world , inc . , 2000",0,videoconferencing picture clears network world fusion focus neal weinberg product review week today focus videoconferencing picture clears dear wincenty kaminski newsletter sponsored w quinn regain nt server space wasted free get grip spiraling disk consumption regain site enterprise storage capacity wquinn storagecentral lets monitor track control user disk consumption identify control types files users write servers get grip nt storage space free eval l copy paste urls break two lines remove extra spaces today focus videoconferencing picture clears neal weinberg turned jumpy frames poor audio quality associated real time videoconferencing reviewmeister good news new generation videoconferencing end point devices provide business quality pictures sound grabbed box popcorn tested eight videoconferencing systems using k bit sec isdn ip connections category videoconferencing appliances standalone systems go conference room group video sessions colleagues business partners polycom viewstation mp clear winner polycom viewstation provided outstanding video audio quality addition easy install configure use category pc based products especially good virtual collaboration desktop vcon mc hands winner based high quality components beauty products allow real time video image person conferencing one corner screen rest space available data collaboration market system sure get one sony evi video camera unidirectional boundary microphone like audio technica quality sound mixer look remote administration system management tools example viewstation allows upgrade software change settings change address book entries directly administrator system systems allow transmit isdn ip found performance ip dragged ip overhead requirements complete product review go course videoconferencing end points whipped implementation guide lays network topology bandwidth quality service issues based testing reviewmeister says time start pilot testing videoconferencing system chief information officer love tell slash company airline hotel bills got people company virtual rather face face meetings next week loaded windows pc server ran gigabit ethernet desktop guess bottleneck contact neal weinberg neal weinberg features editor network world charge product reviews buyer guides technology primers tos issue oriented feature stories technology insider series reach mailto nweinber nww com related links click network world home page http www nwfusion com videoconferencing picture clears network world implementation still fuzzy network world network world subscription services subscribe unsubscribe network world e mail newsletters go change email address go subscription questions contact customer service replying message questions comments editorial comments write jeff caruso newsletter editor mailto jcaruso nww com advertising information write jamie kalbach account executive mailto jkalbach nww com network world fusion part idg net idg online network starts http www idg com copyright network world inc
"Subject: re : vacation  vince :  i just found out that it is friday , april 7 and not friday , march 31 st  that i want to take for vacation . is this alright ?  thanks !  shirley  vince j kaminski  03 / 08 / 2000 06 : 18 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : vacation  shirley ,  no problem .  vince  shirley crenshaw  03 / 08 / 2000 03 : 56 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron  subject : vacation  vince :  i would like to take the following days as vacation :  wednesday , march 15 th  friday , march 31 st .  please let me know if this is ok with you .  thanks !  shirley",0,vacation vince found friday april friday march st want take vacation alright thanks shirley vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject vacation shirley problem vince shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc kevin g moore hou ect ect william smith corp enron enron subject vacation vince would like take following days vacation wednesday march th friday march st please let know ok thanks shirley
"Subject: congratulations  the free lotto company  uk head office  suite 25 - 32 , lion towers  central london  england .  www . freelotto . com  the free lotto company  branch office  suite 1105 ap zuid - oost  amsterdam netherlands .  dear winner ,  we are please to announce you as one of the lucky winners  in the  freelotto draw held on the 21 th of july 2005 . all winning  addresses , you  havetherefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of  us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( 0 ne million  five hundred thousand united states dollars )  congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names ,  we ask that  you keep your winning information confidential until your  claims has  been processed and your money remitted to you . this is  part of our  security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted  abuse of this  program by some participants . all participants were  selected through a  computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and  20 , 000 , 000  individual email addresses and names from all over the  world .  this promotional program takes place every year . this  lottery was  promoted and sponsored by association of software  producers . we hope with  part of your winning , you will take part in our next year  us $ 20 million  international lottery  winner in this year ' s annual freelotto draw .  consequently , you have therefore been approved for a total  pay out of us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million five hundred  thousand )  only . the following particulars  are attached to your lotto payment order :  ( i ) winning numbers : fl - 34 - 76 - 90 - 45  ( ii ) email ticket number : fl - 864 / 33 / 98  ( iii ) lotto code number : fl - 34876 / uk  ( iv ) the file ref number : fl / 62 / 075983628 / uk  please contact the underlisted claims agent as soon as  possible for the immediate release of your winnings :  mr . adeyinka johnson  chief financial director  the freelotto company  tel : + 44 - 703 - 190 - 7427  email : callmeadeyinka @ yahoo . com ( email )  n . b : steps to claiming your prize ;  1 . please quote your reference number in all correspondence  with the claims officer .  2 . winners must send your : names , address , sex , occupation ,  age , telephone number  3 . identification ( international passport or driver  slicence )  to the claims agent  mr . adeyinka johnson to process and make  immediate payment of their prize .  once again on behalf of all our staff ,  congratulations ! ! !  sincerely ,  greg jones  promotions manager  the lotto company  uk & europe",1,congratulations free lotto company uk head office suite lion towers central london england www freelotto com free lotto company branch office suite ap zuid oost amsterdam netherlands dear winner please announce one lucky winners freelotto draw held th july winning addresses havetherefore approved lump sum pay us ne million five hundred thousand united states dollars congratulations due mix numbers names ask keep winning information confidential claims processed money remitted part security protocol avoid double claiming unwarranted abuse program participants participants selected computer ballot system drawn company individual email addresses names world promotional program takes place every year lottery promoted sponsored association software producers hope part winning take part next year us million international lottery winner year annual freelotto draw consequently therefore approved total pay us one million five hundred thousand following particulars attached lotto payment order winning numbers fl ii email ticket number fl iii lotto code number fl uk iv file ref number fl uk please contact underlisted claims agent soon possible immediate release winnings mr adeyinka johnson chief financial director freelotto company tel email callmeadeyinka yahoo com email n b steps claiming prize please quote reference number correspondence claims officer winners must send names address sex occupation age telephone number identification international passport driver slicence claims agent mr adeyinka johnson process make immediate payment prize behalf staff congratulations sincerely greg jones promotions manager lotto company uk europe
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe liiustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  bernardina ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professional adobe premiere pro corel designer quickbooks professionai edition adobe pagemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corel painter lx adobe liiustrator cs adobe lndesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cool production studio alias motion buiider professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop eiements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely bernardina
"Subject: avistar users and allocated charges  avistar has been installed globally to provide desktop conferencing .  hardware and installation charges have been allocated by invoice to the  relevant location . the schedule below lists by business unit and rc the  number of units and charges allocated . it will assume the monthly charge - out  process .  the allocated dollars will be depreciated over a three year period to your  respective cost center beginning february 2001 .  if you have any questions please feel free to call or e - mail , sheila glover ,  3 - 3210 , or paige cox , 3 - 5428 .  thanks . sheila",0,avistar users allocated charges avistar installed globally provide desktop conferencing hardware installation charges allocated invoice relevant location schedule lists business unit rc number units charges allocated assume monthly charge process allocated dollars depreciated three year period respective cost center beginning february questions please feel free call e mail sheila glover paige cox thanks sheila
"Subject: accounting organizational changes  in order to support enron  , s development of new business and desire to  maximize its return on invested capital ; the following organizational changes  are taking place .  the current accounting groups supporting calme , apachi and south america  activities will be consolidated into one accounting group at enron corp .  this group will continue to provide accounting support to these international  regions and related enron corp initiatives . jeff sommers , currently calme  vice president and cao will head this accounting group . cassandra schultz ,  currently apachi vice president and cao will join rick buy  , s risk assessment  and control organization as a vice president in market risk management . kent  castleman , currently south america vice president and cao will become vice  president and cao of enron industrial markets .  please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments .",0,accounting organizational changes order support enron development new business desire maximize return invested capital following organizational changes taking place current accounting groups supporting calme apachi south america activities consolidated one accounting group enron corp group continue provide accounting support international regions related enron corp initiatives jeff sommers currently calme vice president cao head accounting group cassandra schultz currently apachi vice president cao join rick buy risk assessment control organization vice president market risk management kent castleman currently south america vice president cao become vice president cao enron industrial markets please join us congratulating everyone new assignments
"Subject: toners and inkjet cartridges for less . . . . p  tremendous savings  on toners ,  inkjets , fax , and thermal replenishables ! !  toners 2 go  is your secret  weapon to lowering your cost for high quality ,  low - cost printer  supplies ! we have been in the printer  replenishables business since 1992 ,  and pride ourselves on rapid response and outstanding  customer service .  what we sell are 100 % compatible replacements for  epson , canon , hewlett packard ,  xerox , okidata , brother , and lexmark ; products that  meet and often exceed  original manufacturer ' s specifications .  check out these  prices !  epson stylus  color inkjet cartridge  ( so 20108 ) : epson ' s price :  $ 27 . 99  toners 2 go price : $ 9 . 95 !  hp  laserjet 4 toner cartridge  ( 92298 a ) :  hp ' s  price :  $ 88 . 99  toners 2 go  price : $ 41 . 75 !  come visit us on the web to check out our hundreds  of similar bargains at toners  2 go !  request to be removed by clicking here  c . l . kyle  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing  real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in !  http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,toners inkjet cartridges less p tremendous savings toners inkjets fax thermal replenishables toners go secret weapon lowering cost high quality low cost printer supplies printer replenishables business since pride rapid response outstanding customer service sell compatible replacements epson canon hewlett packard xerox okidata brother lexmark products meet often exceed original manufacturer specifications check prices epson stylus color inkjet cartridge epson price toners go price hp laserjet toner cartridge hp price toners go price come visit us web check hundreds similar bargains toners go request removed clicking c l kyle sf net email sponsored jabber world fastest growing real time communications platform im build http www jabber com osdn xim spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish stationery and outstanding webslte  will make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your  company will automaticaliy become a world leader : it isquite clear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,logo stationer website design much lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwhelminq good catchy logo stylish stationery outstanding webslte make task much easier promise ordered ioqo company automaticaliy become world leader isquite clear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: re : invitation . . . welcome new analyst reception  ashley ,  thnaks . i shall attend the reception . i shall ask shirley to set up a meeting  with you to discuss  spring events on campus .  vince  ashley baxter @ enron on 01 / 04 / 2001 04 : 01 : 01 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : invitation . . . welcome new analyst reception  hello vince  i wanted to forward the following invitation to you . we are putting the  technologists through an orientation which includes a few days with the  analyst program - and the following is one of the events that they have  scheduled on jan . 16 th . i wanted to forward to you as more of an fyi since  we do not have any cal berkeley candidates starting on jan . 8 th . also - we  are starting to set some of the events on campus for the spring - so we  should probably get together soon . please let me know what works best for  you !  thanks ,  ashley",0,invitation welcome new analyst reception ashley thnaks shall attend reception shall ask shirley set meeting discuss spring events campus vince ashley baxter enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject invitation welcome new analyst reception hello vince wanted forward following invitation putting technologists orientation includes days analyst program following one events scheduled jan th wanted forward fyi since cal berkeley candidates starting jan th also starting set events campus spring probably get together soon please let know works best thanks ashley
"Subject: new order : palm vx for grant masson  lyn :  please order for me one palm pilot vx including docking cradle ( that ' s the  palm v with 8 mb of ram ) .  company number is : 0011  rc is : 100038  thanks ,  grant masson  v . p . research  eb 1966  x 34768",0,new order palm vx grant masson lyn please order one palm pilot vx including docking cradle palm v mb ram company number rc thanks grant masson v p research eb x
"Subject: entrust your visual identity to us  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of iogos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing  toois wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amongthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,entrust visual identity us thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom design iogos stationery web sites carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing toois wili bring breath fresh air business make stand amongthe competitors ciick away future success click see samples artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
Subject: re : tanya ' s vacation  this is just to let you know that i am going to go on vacation from 7 / 26 / 00  to 8 / 8 / 00 .  tanya .,0,tanya vacation let know going go vacation tanya
"Subject: new vacancies availablee  the leading internet job si barbituric te of australia www . seek . com . au presents unique part - time job proposal from international tour agency travel tour guide . that job position was called "" job of the y construe ear - 2004 "" and it is actual now because of hot summer and best prices for travel tour guide proposals in internet .  do you want to start a successful carrier right now without any entrance fees , without buying goods or involving other people ? do you want to start a successful carrier in financial sphere without economical education or special experience ? - so this glaucoma is a chance for you .  travel tour guide is happy offering you to apply for one of the open financial manager positions . this is a unique proposal because while examining you as applicant only your criminal records and c prudent redit history will be looked through . all we demand from you is to check your e - mail several times a day and to have a valid bank account or to open a new one .  the main option of financial manager ' s job is to receive funds on personal bank account with future remittance to travel tour guide . manager gets 5 % from every remittance . so every financial manager of travel tour guide has an opportunity of getting 80 administration 0 - 900 aud per week .  travel tour guide resumed that position because of regular bank wires last for 3 - 5 days . such long period prevents us from selling hot tours . besides the world leading payment systems like visa and mastercard decreased the limits for internet payments . the activity of financial managers in various regions became inauspicious a rescue for wide range of on - line companies which sells good up to bank limits .  travel tour guide has already got the network of financial managers working worldwide . we have got a high demand this sum effulgence mer in australia so our managers can not process all the transactions in time . so company resumed that vacancy in australia . please forward your letter toinfo @ travel - tour - guide . com and you will be sent the detailed job description and also you can ask for application form .  if you are not interested in this oppose job offer you can visit www . seek . com . au . a lot of vaca patina ncies from more than 75000 employers can be found there .",1,new vacancies availablee leading internet job si barbituric te australia www seek com au presents unique part time job proposal international tour agency travel tour guide job position called job construe ear actual hot summer best prices travel tour guide proposals internet want start successful carrier right without entrance fees without buying goods involving people want start successful carrier financial sphere without economical education special experience glaucoma chance travel tour guide happy offering apply one open financial manager positions unique proposal examining applicant criminal records c prudent redit history looked demand check e mail several times day valid bank account open new one main option financial manager job receive funds personal bank account future remittance travel tour guide manager gets every remittance every financial manager travel tour guide opportunity getting administration aud per week travel tour guide resumed position regular bank wires last days long period prevents us selling hot tours besides world leading payment systems like visa mastercard decreased limits internet payments activity financial managers various regions became inauspicious rescue wide range line companies sells good bank limits travel tour guide already got network financial managers working worldwide got high demand sum effulgence mer australia managers process transactions time company resumed vacancy australia please forward letter toinfo travel tour guide com sent detailed job description also ask application form interested oppose job offer visit www seek com au lot vaca patina ncies employers found
"Subject: transportation for m . gillis and g . whitaker for post presentation  celebration at enron box at enron field  hi judith !  i have a special parking ticket for malcolm and gil to use in dr . gillis ' s car . then , i ' ll have a car pick up gil when he ' s ready to leave the game - - we ' ll take care of everything ( thanks for offering ) - - we ' re really looking forward to the event !  best regards for a great weekend !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 04 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  judith duvall on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 09 : 26 pm  to : christie . patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : rice alp final presentation and post presentation celebration at enron box at enron field  christie :  could you please fill me in on the logistics ? dr . gillis and gil whitaker  will  be at the apl project presentation at enron at 4 p . m . . further , they both  plan  to attend the dinner at enron field . however , dr . gillis must skip the  game due  to an early morning breakfast the next day . will you provide special parking  at the dinner / game ? i think dr . g and gil will go together , then i will have  dr . gillis picked up by limo , at approximately 8 : 00 p . m . does this sound  feasible ?  judith duvall  at 10 : 00 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > hi friends !  >  > the big rice - alp final presentation day is almost here : monday , may 7 th ,  > 4 pm , at enron , 1400 smith . please come to the enron lobby and ask for  > me or my assistant , melinda mccarty .  >  > after the presentation , you are cordially invited to dinner and an astro ' s  > game ( vs phillies ) at the enron box at enron field . as participation in  > the enron box at enron field is limited to this special invitation list  > only , please confirm your attendance via return email , or via voice mail to  > me at 713 - 853 - 6117 asap .  >  > we ' re very excited about the work the rice alp team has done and we ' re all  > greatly looking forward to the presentation .  >  > hope to see everyone monday ! !  >  > best regards !  >  > - - christie .  >  >  >  judith duvall  secretary to the president  rice university  6100 main street - - msl  houston , tx 77005  713 / 348 - 4601  713 / 348 - 5271 ( fax )",0,transportation gillis g whitaker post presentation celebration enron box enron field hi judith special parking ticket malcolm gil use dr gillis car car pick gil ready leave game take care everything thanks offering really looking forward event best regards great weekend christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm judith duvall pm christie patrick enron com cc subject rice alp final presentation post presentation celebration enron box enron field christie could please fill logistics dr gillis gil whitaker apl project presentation enron p plan attend dinner enron field however dr gillis must skip game due early morning breakfast next day provide special parking dinner game think dr g gil go together dr gillis picked limo approximately p sound feasible judith duvall wrote hi friends big rice alp final presentation day almost monday may th pm enron smith please come enron lobby ask assistant melinda mccarty presentation cordially invited dinner astro game vs phillies enron box enron field participation enron box enron field limited special invitation list please confirm attendance via return email via voice mail asap excited work rice alp team done greatly looking forward presentation hope see everyone monday best regards christie judith duvall secretary president rice university main street msl houston tx fax
"Subject: re : research allocation  becky ,  i gave the % % for egm to shirley . i assume she communicated this info to you  already .  i assume egm includes f / x - i / r ( gary hickerson ) , weather , insurance ( jere  overdyke ) ,  oil trading and coal .  for calme i don ' t have any info . let ' s split the cost evenly .  vince  becky pham  11 / 02 / 2000 02 : 11 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : research allocation  shirley ,  grm is now with egm group . egm wants to verify that the 17 . 5 % we are going  to allocate to grm is for the insurance , jere overdyke group . egm seems to  think that their weather , mark tawney group , is receiving support from  research . also , can we break out the support for calme ? calme is going to  split into 3 bus and i am trying to determine who i need to bill for research  supports . if you have any questions , call me . thanx .",0,research allocation becky gave egm shirley assume communicated info already assume egm includes f x r gary hickerson weather insurance jere overdyke oil trading coal calme info let split cost evenly vince becky pham pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject research allocation shirley grm egm group egm wants verify going allocate grm insurance jere overdyke group egm seems think weather mark tawney group receiving support research also break support calme calme going split bus trying determine need bill research supports questions call thanx
"Subject: re : enron weather research  good afternoon mike :  i certainly am interested in determining if there may be a potential fit  there at enron . i am very enthusiastic to apply my finance and meteorology  backgrounds in a market - based environment that is driven to achieve  unprecedented efficiencies . attached are two documents : 1 ) a  business - focused resume , and 2 ) an abbreviated meteorology cv .  graduate meteorology coursework included advanced atmospheric dynamics i and  ii , advanced physical meteorology , boundary layer modeling , numerical  modeling , research methods in meteorology , and turbulence .  i will look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  greg hunt  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc : ; ;  sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 9 : 12 am  subject : enron weather research  >  > greg ,  >  > hello , and by way of introduction , we were forwarded your e - mail address  by  > heather thorne .  >  > i understand you have an m . s . in meteorology as well as an m . b . a . in  > finance , and have done some research at livermore .  >  > i ' d be happy to learn more about your activities , and , if you are  > interested , to see if there may be a potential fit here at enron .  >  > can you e - mail your resume with a description of your coursework and  > research activities ?  >  > looking forward to hearing from you ,  >  > mike roberts  > vice president - research  >  - greg hunt _ resume _ 4 - 27 - 01 . doc  - greg hunt _ cv _ meteorology _ 4 - 27 - 01 . doc",0,enron weather research good afternoon mike certainly interested determining may potential fit enron enthusiastic apply finance meteorology backgrounds market based environment driven achieve unprecedented efficiencies attached two documents business focused resume abbreviated meteorology cv graduate meteorology coursework included advanced atmospheric dynamics ii advanced physical meteorology boundary layer modeling numerical modeling research methods meteorology turbulence look forward hearing sincerely greg hunt original message cc sent friday april subject enron weather research greg hello way introduction forwarded e mail address heather thorne understand meteorology well b finance done research livermore happy learn activities interested see may potential fit enron e mail resume description coursework research activities looking forward hearing mike roberts vice president research greg hunt resume doc greg hunt cv meteorology doc
Subject: re : follow up on houston opportunity  anjam :  11 : 30 works for me . give me a call .  grant .,0,follow houston opportunity anjam works give call grant
"Subject: re : interview request  kevin ,  yes , i am available . please send a resume to shirley crenshaw .  shirley will call you to set up the time .  vince  from : kevin mcgowan @ enron 07 / 10 / 2000 09 : 28 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , george hopley / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : interview request  i am trying to schedule an interview with a gentleman who is currently a  professor at rice . we are interested in possibly hiring him in a research  capacity in the coal and emissions group . would you have time to interview  him tom ' w ? let me know if you can .  thank you  kevin mcgowan x - 3 - 7499",0,interview request kevin yes available please send resume shirley crenshaw shirley call set time vince kevin mcgowan enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect george hopley hou ect ect cc subject interview request trying schedule interview gentleman currently professor rice interested possibly hiring research capacity coal emissions group would time interview tom w let know thank kevin mcgowan x
"Subject: interview with the enron corp . research group  several of the enron corp . research team would like for you to come  in for an interview . they are :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  maureen raymond - castaneda director  please give me some dates and times of your availability during the rest  of january and i will try to coordinate them with our schedule .  looking forward to hearing from you soon .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  adminsitrative coordinator  enron research group  713 / 852 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,interview enron corp research group several enron corp research team would like come interview vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president maureen raymond castaneda director please give dates times availability rest january try coordinate schedule looking forward hearing soon regards shirley crenshaw adminsitrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: re : this summer ' s houston visits 2  anjam ,  it makes sense to come to houston for a longer time period .  i think that you should spend here at least 3 weeks .  vince  anjam ahmad  04 / 28 / 2000 05 : 47 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : this summer ' s houston visits 2  hi vince ,  one of my only windows of opportunity right now is to schedule the houston  visit for monday 10 th july for a single week only .  regards ,  anjam  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 28 / 04 / 2000 11 : 33  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  steven leppard  28 / 04 / 2000 10 : 15  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , benjamin parsons / lon / ect @ ect , kirstee  hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , steven  leppard / lon / ect @ ect  subject : this summer ' s houston visits  vince , dale  here are our proposals for houston visits from our group :  kirstee all of july , all of september . ( kirstee ' s personal commitments mean  she needs to be in the uk for august . )  ben all of october . ( no crossover with kirstee , ensures var / credit cover  in london office . )  steve 2 - 3 weeks in july , first 3 weeks of september .  anjam to be arranged at anjam and houston ' s mutual convenience .  matt not a permanent research group member . i ' m asking richard ' s group to  pay for his visit , probably in august .  steve",0,summer houston visits anjam makes sense come houston longer time period think spend least weeks vince anjam ahmad vince j kaminski hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect cc subject summer houston visits hi vince one windows opportunity right schedule houston visit monday th july single week regards anjam forwarded anjam ahmad lon ect steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect cc anjam ahmad lon ect ect benjamin parsons lon ect ect kirstee hewitt lon ect ect matthew williams lon ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect subject summer houston visits vince dale proposals houston visits group kirstee july september kirstee personal commitments mean needs uk august ben october crossover kirstee ensures var credit cover london office steve weeks july first weeks september anjam arranged anjam houston mutual convenience matt permanent research group member asking richard group pay visit probably august steve
"Subject: re : b 2 b at enron  tom ,  greg ' s phone number is 713 853 5220 . he is very difficult to reach  ( frequent trips ) .  you may find this information useful : greg is a west point graduate  and spent a few years in the military , before obtaining an mba from stanford .  he is a very dynamic person and a very pragmatic thinker .  i hope you have a great holiday weekend .  vince  "" piazze , thomas "" on 06 / 29 / 2000 08 : 51 : 48 am  to : "" ' vince j kaminski ' ""  cc : "" gerrity , thomas "" , "" lohse , gerald lee ""  , "" wind , yoram "" , "" harker ,  patrick "" , "" amit , raffi "" ,  "" ' shankman , jeff ' "" , "" macmillan , ian ""  subject : re : b 2 b at enron  vince : thanks for this message and update on your recent actions to  establish a closer research relationship between enron and wharton . we are  anxious to work with your firm on many fronts and appreciate all that you  and jeff shankman are doing to facilitate closure on a number of  initiatives .  the below article is very interesting and reinforces the entrepreneurial  culture of enron ; it also points out one more reason why our faculty is so  interested in collaborating with you and other executives as the company  moves into this new space .  i would like to call greg whalley after the 4 th of july weekend to establish  contact and begin a dialogue regarding his interest in joining our efforts  as a corporate partner . will you please provide me contact information ?  please let me know if there is any additional information or material you  will need prior to your meeting with jeff skilling . we are anxious to learn  how he responds to your suggestions .  thanks again for all that you are doing . hope you have a great 4 th of  july ! !  tom  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince j kaminski [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : wednesday , june 28 , 2000 9 : 53 am  > to : piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu  > cc : vince j kaminski  > subject : b 2 b at enron  >  >  >  > tom ,  >  > i am sending you the information about our new b 2 b unit .  > i have talked yesterday with greg whalley who is heading the new  > unit about the e - commerce project at wharton and recommended that enron  > join  > this program .  >  > i have sent him this morning a copy of the materials you gave me .  >  > the meeting with jeff skilling has been pushed till the 2 nd half of july .  > i talked to him briefly twice that jeff shankman and i want to discuss  > with  > him building a relationship with wharton . jeff shankman is , by the way , a  > great  > friend of  > your institution .  >  >  > vince  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > companies & finance : the americas : enron sees bricks and  > bytes mix reshaping energy market : purchase of mg  > only a  > start in  > building b 2 b platforms , writes hillary durgin :  >  >  >  >  > companies financial times ; 16 - jun - 2000 12 : 00 : 00 am ;  > 604  > words  > by hillary durgin  >  > if jeffrey skilling is right ,  >  > enron ' s acquisition of mg is only the tip of the  > iceberg .  > enron ' s president and  > chief operating officer is engineering a fundamental  > strategy shift at the  > houston energy company , aimed at making it a dominant  > "" new  > economy ""  > player across various industrial markets .  >  > the dollars 446 m acquisition last month of mg , the  > uk - based  > metals trader ,  > is only the first of more than dollars lbn in  > estimated new  > investments the  > company is targeting . it is seeking vehicles on which  > to  > build  > business - to - business ( b 2 b ) platforms in sectors such  > as  > logistics , chemicals ,  > agricultural products and pulp & paper .  >  > mr skilling wants to take the business model the  > company  > developed in  > natural gas and power and apply it to other wholesale  > commodity markets . he  > argues the electronic platforms it creates will not  > only  > become the principal  > b 2 b sites for those sectors , but reshape those  > industries .  >  > as an example , he points to enron ' s new e - commerce  > platform ,  > enrononline ,  > which has changed the way the company does business  > with its  > customers  > while significantly increasing sales .  >  > the company - the largest wholesale merchant of  > natural gas  > and power - saw  > wholesale , physical deliveries of natural gas surge 53  > per  > cent in the first  > quarter .  >  > critics argue that enron ' s move away from its familiar  > energy business into  > new industries , where the learning curve is steep and  > the  > competition  > entrenched , is risky . yet a number of industry  > analysts  > point out enron has  > proved it understands markets and how to manage risks  > while  > becoming the  > largest importer of coal in the uk , the largest trader  > of  > gas and power in the  > us and grabbing an advantage in bandwidth .  >  > "" it ' s a prudent strategy , but it ' s got to be done in  > an  > orderly way , "" says ronald  > barone , analyst with paine - webber in new york . "" what  > they ' re  > doing here is  > what they ' ve been incredibly successful at doing , "" he  > adds ,  > noting that enron  > posted dollars 1 . 3 bn in earnings before interest and  > taxes  > ( ebit ) from its  > wholesale energy and services business in 1999 , up 34  > per  > cent from the  > previous year .  >  > earnings from that division accounted for two - thirds  > of the  > company ' s overall  > income before interest and taxes last year , and mr  > barone  > sees the unit ' s ebit  > increasing 15 - 30 per cent annually over several years .  >  > as with gas and power and now broadband , where enron  > is  > standardising  > contracts and creating a market in bandwidth , it wants  > to  > create markets by  > entering as a physical player and providing merchant ,  > risk  > management and  > financial services over the internet .  >  > "" we will provide electronic commerce , but we will  > provide  > liquidity and we will  > provide settlement , or fulfilment of that contract , ""  > mr  > skilling says . "" that is an  > extremely powerful model . if you look at other b 2 b  > sites ,  > they don ' t do that . ""  >  > mr skilling argues enron ' s e - commerce platform will  > triumph  > over the other ,  > bulletin board - type exchanges , where striking a deal  > depends  > on two parties  > hooking up and working through uncertainties over  > timing ,  > price , credit and  > fulfilment .  >  > not everyone shares that view . some energy companies ,  > for  > example , would  > rather not do business with a competitor . bp amoco  > recently  > purchased a 3  > per cent stake in altra energy technologies , a  > houston -  > based , neutral  > wholesale energy exchange . with koch industries and  > american  > electric  > power , it also committed to carry out a fixed volume  > of  > transactions on the  > site to lend it liquidity .  >  > just as in gas and power and now broadband and metals ,  > enron  > believes it  > needs networks of strategic physical assets . in  > acquiring  > mg , enron got a  > stable of warehouses , lending it a strong physical  > position .  >  >  > "" it should provide ( mg ) with a more vibrant , more  > active  > physical spot market  > in more markets in the world , "" says greg whalley ,  > chief  > executive officer of  > enron net works , the new division enron is launching  > to  > identify and enter  > commodity markets . he argues that in metals and other  > markets , enron will  > deliver better pricing , price risk management  > services ,  > cross - commodity  > transactions and flexible transactions for a wider  > range of  > customers .  >  > mr skilling says there are significant rewards for  > restructuring an industry .  >  > "" if you can take that platform , and you use the  > capabilities  > the bricks bring to  > the table , e - commerce the industry and change the  > structure ,  > you ' re selling for  > more than a 50 multiple . ""  >  > copyright , the financial times limited  >",0,b b enron tom greg phone number difficult reach frequent trips may find information useful greg west point graduate spent years military obtaining mba stanford dynamic person pragmatic thinker hope great holiday weekend vince piazze thomas vince j kaminski cc gerrity thomas lohse gerald lee wind yoram harker patrick amit raffi shankman jeff macmillan ian subject b b enron vince thanks message update recent actions establish closer research relationship enron wharton anxious work firm many fronts appreciate jeff shankman facilitate closure number initiatives article interesting reinforces entrepreneurial culture enron also points one reason faculty interested collaborating executives company moves new space would like call greg whalley th july weekend establish contact begin dialogue regarding interest joining efforts corporate partner please provide contact information please let know additional information material need prior meeting jeff skilling anxious learn responds suggestions thanks hope great th july tom original message vince j kaminski smtp vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday june piazzet wharton upenn edu cc vince j kaminski subject b b enron tom sending information new b b unit talked yesterday greg whalley heading new unit e commerce project wharton recommended enron join program sent morning copy materials gave meeting jeff skilling pushed till nd half july talked briefly twice jeff shankman want discuss building relationship wharton jeff shankman way great friend institution vince companies finance americas enron sees bricks bytes mix reshaping energy market purchase mg start building b b platforms writes hillary durgin companies financial times jun words hillary durgin jeffrey skilling right enron acquisition mg tip iceberg enron president chief operating officer engineering fundamental strategy shift houston energy company aimed making dominant new economy player across various industrial markets dollars acquisition last month mg uk based metals trader first dollars lbn estimated new investments company targeting seeking vehicles build business business b b platforms sectors logistics chemicals agricultural products pulp paper mr skilling wants take business model company developed natural gas power apply wholesale commodity markets argues electronic platforms creates become principal b b sites sectors reshape industries example points enron new e commerce platform enrononline changed way company business customers significantly increasing sales company largest wholesale merchant natural gas power saw wholesale physical deliveries natural gas surge per cent first quarter critics argue enron move away familiar energy business new industries learning curve steep competition entrenched risky yet number industry analysts point enron proved understands markets manage risks becoming largest importer coal uk largest trader gas power us grabbing advantage bandwidth prudent strategy got done orderly way says ronald barone analyst paine webber new york incredibly successful adds noting enron posted dollars bn earnings interest taxes ebit wholesale energy services business per cent previous year earnings division accounted two thirds company overall income interest taxes last year mr barone sees unit ebit increasing per cent annually several years gas power broadband enron standardising contracts creating market bandwidth wants create markets entering physical player providing merchant risk management financial services internet provide electronic commerce provide liquidity provide settlement fulfilment contract mr skilling says extremely powerful model look b b sites mr skilling argues enron e commerce platform triumph bulletin board type exchanges striking deal depends two parties hooking working uncertainties timing price credit fulfilment everyone shares view energy companies example would rather business competitor bp amoco recently purchased per cent stake altra energy technologies houston based neutral wholesale energy exchange koch industries american electric power also committed carry fixed volume transactions site lend liquidity gas power broadband metals enron believes needs networks strategic physical assets acquiring mg enron got stable warehouses lending strong physical position provide mg vibrant active physical spot market markets world says greg whalley chief executive officer enron net works new division enron launching identify enter commodity markets argues metals markets enron deliver better pricing price risk management services cross commodity transactions flexible transactions wider range customers mr skilling says significant rewards restructuring industry take platform use capabilities bricks bring table e commerce industry change structure selling multiple copyright financial times limited
"Subject: re : gwen koepke  i will see you on friday at 3 . if you would like for me to come before then , just let me know .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 3 : 01 pm  to : labbe , anne  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : re : gwen koepke  anne ,  thanks for contacting me about this .  as a matter of fact , i wanted to talk to you about it  today as this matter was outstanding for a long time .  i think we should go ahead and adjust gwen to manager ,  effective march 1 . the compensation would be her current base plus  10 k . this is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a manager .  such promotions take place in march and i think  gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management  ( i . e . my and maureen ' s procrastination ) .  on unrelated and more serious matter . gary hickerson is the primary client  for maureen ' s services . he communicated to me a few weeks ago that he is  unwilling to underwrite maureen ' s position ( he is in general unhappy with  her contribution ) . this means that maureen will have to find another sponsor or leave enron .  given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal customer  will be quite a challenge .  gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to maureen from his budget .  i would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes .  vince  from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 34 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : gwen koepke  vince ,  just wanted to touch base with you . i have tried to contact maureen so that gwen ' s title and salary can be adjusted to manager just as you requested , but have not heard any response from her . would you like for me to wait until i hear from maureen or should i go ahead and proceed in changing her title ? i just want to make sure that gwen is in the right peer group during prc .  also , i am going to try and set up a meeting with you next week through shirley to discuss any buring issues that you are experiencing , and your expectations during prc .  thanks ,  anne",0,gwen koepke see friday would like come let know original message kaminski vince sent wednesday may pm labbe anne cc kaminski vince subject gwen koepke anne thanks contacting matter fact wanted talk today matter outstanding long time think go ahead adjust gwen manager effective march compensation would current base plus k typically promote associate manager promotions take place march think gwen penalized inefficiency management e maureen procrastination unrelated serious matter gary hickerson primary client maureen services communicated weeks ago unwilling underwrite maureen position general unhappy contribution means maureen find another sponsor leave enron given abrasive aggressive personality finding another internal customer quite challenge gary volunteered pay generous severance maureen budget would like talk minutes vince anne labbe enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject gwen koepke vince wanted touch base tried contact maureen gwen title salary adjusted manager requested heard response would like wait hear maureen go ahead proceed changing title want make sure gwen right peer group prc also going try set meeting next week shirley discuss buring issues experiencing expectations prc thanks anne
"Subject: re : visit to houston  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 13 / 2001  04 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner  02 / 13 / 2001 04 : 36 pm  to : nick bambos @ enron  cc :  subject : re : visit to houston  nick ,  friday , march 9 seems to be better for jim fallon . we are tentatively  setting meeting with him , paul racicot , and probably arshak sarkissian who is  heading the ip trading effort . let me know if you would like to give a  presentation so we can reserve a room and send invitations .  it will be fun to see you and giuseppe again . i am looking forward to your  visit .  regards ,  stinson  nick bambos on 02 / 09 / 2001 11 : 33 : 33 am  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc : gappy @ stanford . edu , cope @ csli . stanford . edu  subject : re : visit to houston  hi stinson ,  eventually , the team here ( giuseppe , eric , myself ) has converged to two  possible dates to propose for a visit :  1 ) friday , march 2  2 ) friday , march 9  how do these look on your side ?  we ' ll structure the agenda immediately after we fix the date .  i look forward to seeing you again .  best ,  nick  stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > i hope things are going well and you are not staying too busy . we should  > start planning for your next trip to houston , as i ' m sure your schedule  > will be getting full very soon . perhaps you could give the people in  > enron broadband an overview of the areas of interest within your research  > group . i ' m sure we could also benefit from you views of how the current  > technology is evolving .  >  > are there certain dates which would potentially work for you ? please let  > me know by email or give me a call at 713 853 4748 .  >  > looking forward to talking with you .  >  > - - stinson",0,visit houston forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm stinson gibner pm nick bambos enron cc subject visit houston nick friday march seems better jim fallon tentatively setting meeting paul racicot probably arshak sarkissian heading ip trading effort let know would like give presentation reserve room send invitations fun see giuseppe looking forward visit regards stinson nick bambos stinson gibner enron com cc gappy stanford edu cope csli stanford edu subject visit houston hi stinson eventually team giuseppe eric converged two possible dates propose visit friday march friday march look side structure agenda immediately fix date look forward seeing best nick stinson gibner enron com wrote nick hope things going well staying busy start planning next trip houston sure schedule getting full soon perhaps could give people enron broadband overview areas interest within research group sure could also benefit views current technology evolving certain dates would potentially work please let know email give call looking forward talking stinson
"Subject: oleg bodnar  shirley ,  please , put oleg bodnar on jeff shankman ' s and john arnold ' s schedules  for an interview . he should be already on john lavorato ' s schedule .  vince",0,oleg bodnar shirley please put oleg bodnar jeff shankman john arnold schedules interview already john lavorato schedule vince
"Subject: interview on friday , may 5 th  good morning norberto :  enron corp . research would like you to come in for an informal interview  friday , may 5 , beginning at 1 : 30 pm . following is a tentative schedule :  vasant shanbhogue 1 : 30 pm  vince kaminski 1 : 45 pm  clayton vernon 2 : 00 pm  stinson gibner 2 : 15 pm  tanya tamarchenko 2 : 30 pm  grant masson 2 : 45 pm  please let me know if these times work for you .  thank you !  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290",0,interview friday may th good morning norberto enron corp research would like come informal interview friday may beginning pm following tentative schedule vasant shanbhogue pm vince kaminski pm clayton vernon pm stinson gibner pm tanya tamarchenko pm grant masson pm please let know times work thank shirley crenshaw
"Subject: risk desk , issue # 1  hello - - listen , wanted to make sure you received a copy of our newest publication last week , the risk desk . because of the size of the files we sent out , quite a few bounced back because some corp firewalls halt emails over a certain size . anyhow , if you didn ' t receive the issue , hit the reply button and type "" resend risk desk . "" responce so far has been great for those of you that received the free copy - - we think you ' ll agree that it ' s soon to become the leading "" must read "" publication on market , credit , price and operational risk management in the energy space .  also , just a reminder , the charter price for a one year subscription ( $ 199 ) ends soon . let us know .  john sodergreen  editor - in - chief  scudder publishing group , llc  ph : 410 / 923 - 0688  fax : 410 / 923 - 0667  johns @ scudderpublishing . com  the desk , the risk desk , power executive  the bandwidth desk , energy ebusiness",0,risk desk issue hello listen wanted make sure received copy newest publication last week risk desk size files sent quite bounced back corp firewalls halt emails certain size anyhow receive issue hit reply button type resend risk desk responce far great received free copy think agree soon become leading must read publication market credit price operational risk management energy space also reminder charter price one year subscription ends soon let us know john sodergreen editor chief scudder publishing group llc ph fax johns scudderpublishing com desk risk desk power executive bandwidth desk energy ebusiness
"Subject: we are one of the world leading legal sources for male impotence treatments  your on - line guide in pills world .  blessed are those who can give without remembering , and take without forgetting .  beauty in things exist in the mind which contemplates them .  it is pleasant at times to play the madman .",1,one world leading legal sources male impotence treatments line guide pills world blessed give without remembering take without forgetting beauty things exist mind contemplates pleasant times play madman
"Subject: gpcm summary 1999  this has been a great year for rbac and gpcm .  during the year we have doubled to 10 the number of gpcm licensees .  this means we ' ve also doubled the number of wonderful people we ' ve trained  and are supporting .  and , i sincerely mean it when i say it has been a real pleasure working  with you all .  one of the things we stress when we are selling gpcm is that it takes a  strong commitment on the part of the licensee , a commitment to find skilled  and dedicated people to make optimal use of this sophisticated tool . and ,  i ' m happy to report that we have that quality in the gpcm teams we work  with .  next year we have some big challenges . we will be converting the system  from office 97 to office 2000 and will also need to make sure it will run  in the windows 2000 environment .  we will be adding new flexibility in defining our transportation zone price  curves to enable users , especially pipeline users , to test variations of  pricing strategies for their impacts on basis and utilization .  we will be adding a capability for modeling future ft contracting .  we will upgrade our existing database comparison program to allow you to  select those items you want to have automatically updated in your own  databases .  we will continue to work with rdi to improve pipeline and storage  infrastructure representations , to provide interfaces between gasdat and  gpcm , and to give you regular optional updates for your own databases .  we are beginning to plan out a new website dedicated to gpcm licensees ( and  possibly prospects ) . we have acquired gpcm . rbac . com and gpcm . net for this  purpose .  in making these various changes , we look also to you , our existing  licensees , for enhancement and improvement ideas . we are planning to  conduct interviews of our licensees during the next 30 - 60 days to find  out what you like , but also what you would like to see improved , as well as  some new ideas for gpcm .  i would like to thank the following people for their contributions to gpcm  during 1999 .  o liam leahy for his excellent marketing , sales , and planning support  o charles carr for his quality work on our website and support with subtle  visual basic programming issues  o richard berman for thorough research on design tools and skilled windows  programming  o richard mcbride for continuing support and development of his emnet  optimization program  o aaron and james brooks for design and production of the powerpoint  pipeline maps now available in gpcm  o mike farina and rdi for their continuing improvement of the gpcm data and  gasdat database  o gpcm users who have found data bugs and reported them to use so that we  could get them corrected  o gpcm users who have suggested new features which would make gpcm a better  product  o gpcm users who have given us sales leads during the year  o gpcm users who have used gpcm to help their companies make better plans  and decisions , which is , after all , the purpose for which it was designed  we hope all of you have a wonderful holiday season and look forward to an  even better year 2000 .  bob brooks",0,gpcm summary great year rbac gpcm year doubled number gpcm licensees means also doubled number wonderful people trained supporting sincerely mean say real pleasure working one things stress selling gpcm takes strong commitment part licensee commitment find skilled dedicated people make optimal use sophisticated tool happy report quality gpcm teams work next year big challenges converting system office office also need make sure run windows environment adding new flexibility defining transportation zone price curves enable users especially pipeline users test variations pricing strategies impacts basis utilization adding capability modeling future ft contracting upgrade existing database comparison program allow select items want automatically updated databases continue work rdi improve pipeline storage infrastructure representations provide interfaces gasdat gpcm give regular optional updates databases beginning plan new website dedicated gpcm licensees possibly prospects acquired gpcm rbac com gpcm net purpose making various changes look also existing licensees enhancement improvement ideas planning conduct interviews licensees next days find like also would like see improved well new ideas gpcm would like thank following people contributions gpcm liam leahy excellent marketing sales planning support charles carr quality work website support subtle visual basic programming issues richard berman thorough research design tools skilled windows programming richard mcbride continuing support development emnet optimization program aaron james brooks design production powerpoint pipeline maps available gpcm mike farina rdi continuing improvement gpcm data gasdat database gpcm users found data bugs reported use could get corrected gpcm users suggested new features would make gpcm better product gpcm users given us sales leads year gpcm users used gpcm help companies make better plans decisions purpose designed hope wonderful holiday season look forward even better year bob brooks
"Subject: re : datren williams acceptance  what a kind and thoughtful man you always are , vince . . . . i have always  appreciated  that in you ! i just moved to another position this week - with sheila  knudsen in ena  compensation , but i will always remember how wonderful you are with the  associates  and analysts in the program , and will miss having the opportunity to touch  base with  you occasionally . thank you for being the special man you are !  carol  p . s . i doubt that you know who i am , but i had worked with the program for  two years ,  having been hired by mike smalling in october 1998 . when i first moved to  houston  ( from ohio ) and enron , i rode the # 35 bus for a short while . you helped me  find enron the first  day i rode it , but i didn ' t know who you were until i saw you at our super  saturday  activities . you will never know how much that assistance meant to me - a  shy ,  street - dumb girl from toledo , ohio , in a city like houston , who didn ' t know  how to  ride a bus ! all of enron loves you , and i know why !  vince j kaminski  10 / 12 / 2000 04 : 32 pm  to : carol coats / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : datren williams acceptance  carol ,  thanks .  vince  carol coats  10 / 12 / 2000 04 : 09 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : datren williams acceptance  you are right , vince . . . . celeste and i did discuss it , and she approved his  feb . start date .  datren does know about that , so it sounds like it is cleared up .  thanks so much , and we are sorry for the confusion !  carol  vince j kaminski  10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 58 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : carol coats / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : datren williams acceptance  stinson ,  i think it ' s a mistake . it should be february .  vince  stinson gibner  10 / 10 / 2000 08 : 11 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : datren williams acceptance  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000  08 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  carol coats  09 / 29 / 2000 02 : 36 pm  to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : datren williams acceptance  celeste ,  i just received datren williams ' acceptance with the following note attached :  "" my graduation date ( ph . d . candidate from lsu ) is dec . 2000 . celeste roberts  has informed me that i would have the option of starting work feb . 2001 . i am  under the impression that i will start in feb . 2001 . my offer letter has a  start date  of aug . 2001 . if this is a problem , please give me a call .  looking forward to working at enron .  thanks a million ,  datren w . ""  please let me know if he may in fact start in feb . 2001 , and if so , do you  have  a specific date for him , or may he choose ?  thanks , celeste ,  carol",0,datren williams acceptance kind thoughtful man always vince always appreciated moved another position week sheila knudsen ena compensation always remember wonderful associates analysts program miss opportunity touch base occasionally thank special man carol p doubt know worked program two years hired mike smalling october first moved houston ohio enron rode bus short helped find enron first day rode know saw super saturday activities never know much assistance meant shy street dumb girl toledo ohio city like houston know ride bus enron loves know vince j kaminski pm carol coats hou ect ect cc subject datren williams acceptance carol thanks vince carol coats pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect subject datren williams acceptance right vince celeste discuss approved feb start date datren know sounds like cleared thanks much sorry confusion carol vince j kaminski pm stinson gibner hou ect ect cc carol coats hou ect ect subject datren williams acceptance stinson think mistake february vince stinson gibner pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject datren williams acceptance fyi forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm carol coats pm celeste roberts hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect subject datren williams acceptance celeste received datren williams acceptance following note attached graduation date ph candidate lsu dec celeste roberts informed would option starting work feb impression start feb offer letter start date aug problem please give call looking forward working enron thanks million datren w please let know may fact start feb specific date may choose thanks celeste carol
"Subject: re : new color printer  sorry ,  don ' t we need to know the cost , as well .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 08 : 15  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 14 / 99 08 : 09 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new color printer  this information was also sent to it purchasing .  i need to know what options we have and how soon it  can be delivered .  don ' t we need to know as well ? before purchase .  i also need a central location for this printer .  thanks  kevin moore  sam mentioned hp 4500 , i will check into it .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 08 : 05  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  12 / 14 / 99 07 : 55 am  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new color printer  kevin :  what kind of information do you need ? i thought you were going to look  at some colored printer literature . sam seemed to be aware of a  colored printer that might work for us . ask him . i don ' t think we need  anything as big as "" sapphire "" .  it will be located in your area on the 19 th floor .  thanks !  kevin g moore  12 / 14 / 99 06 : 27 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : new color printer  we are in need of a new color printer .  we are also in the process of moving to the 19 th floor .  we need the color printer a . s . a . p .  if you would please , i need information concerning this  matter whereby , we can get the printer ordered and delivered  to our new location .  thanks  kevin moore",0,new color printer sorry need know cost well forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject new color printer information also sent purchasing need know options soon delivered need know well purchase also need central location printer thanks kevin moore sam mentioned hp check forwarded kevin g moore hou ect shirley crenshaw kevin g moore hou ect ect cc subject new color printer kevin kind information need thought going look colored printer literature sam seemed aware colored printer might work us ask think need anything big sapphire located area th floor thanks kevin g moore shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject new color printer need new color printer also process moving th floor need color printer p would please need information concerning matter whereby get printer ordered delivered new location thanks kevin moore
"Subject: position report for dual trigger product  vince ,  i have enclosed a summary of our proposed approach on calculation of notional and the greeks for dual trigger option portfolio . please let us know your thoughts / comments .  amitava",0,position report dual trigger product vince enclosed summary proposed approach calculation notional greeks dual trigger option portfolio please let us know thoughts comments amitava
"Subject: co - integration  zimin ,  andrea reed asked for our help in looking for end - users of steel which might  be used to take a commodity hedge position . she will work on identifying  potential equities or indices which might be used , and then we will analyze  them for correlation or co - integration with steel prices . andrea should be  contacting you next week regarding the project . hector has done  co - integration analysis in the past and has the tools to do this project .  thanks ,  stinson  anrdrea : we will also need you to identify which steel prices / indices  should be used in this analysis .",0,co integration zimin andrea reed asked help looking end users steel might used take commodity hedge position work identifying potential equities indices might used analyze correlation co integration steel prices andrea contacting next week regarding project hector done co integration analysis past tools project thanks stinson anrdrea also need identify steel prices indices used analysis
"Subject: we are need you tjuz s cif  mercy advertising group presents for your attention :  they need your help !  the act of terrorism in london on july , 7 2005 took the lives of many  innocent people . it was directed not against one nation , but against all  the nations .  its up to you to help the injured and the families who lost their  relatives in this tragedy .  to help click here  if you dont want to receive our advertising letters any  more , click here ",1,need tjuz cif mercy advertising group presents attention need help act terrorism london july took lives many innocent people directed one nation nations help injured families lost relatives tragedy help click dont want receive advertising letters click
"Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  hello yong cho :  sorry it has taken me so long to get back with you .  thursday , may 4 is a good time for the telephone interview . would  3 : 30 pm ( houston time - 1 : 30 pm california time ) be ok with you ?  please let me know . they will call you at 408 - 541 - 3502 .  the position title is : sr . specialist .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290  yongcho 70 @ aol . com on 04 / 27 / 2000 02 : 59 : 19 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  dear shirley crenshaw ,  hi . this is yong cho . i ' m very excited to have the interview offer from  enron . either 5 / 1 or 5 / 4 will do . if i should choose one , i prefer 5 / 4 .  i ' m in my office from 10 am - 6 pm ( pt ) . you can set a time at your convenience  and just let me know . my number here is 408 - 541 - 3502 . i would like to know  how long it will take , and also exact job title i ' m interviewing for . thank  you very much for your help .  sincerely ,  yong",0,telephone interview enron corp research group hello yong cho sorry taken long get back thursday may good time telephone interview would pm houston time pm california time ok please let know call position title sr specialist thanks great day shirley crenshaw yongcho aol com pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject telephone interview enron corp research group dear shirley crenshaw hi yong cho excited interview offer enron either choose one prefer office pm pt set time convenience let know number would like know long take also exact job title interviewing thank much help sincerely yong
"Subject: north atlantic forecasts  update for fyi  also , highly recommend adding tony hamilton to the research group ,  cross - train him one month in houston , per our teleconference this am .  - - - mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2001  02 : 59 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : stephen bennett @ enron 01 / 26 / 2001 02 : 48 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : north atlantic forecasts  mike . . .  in response to phil clifford ' s request - i have constructed webpage that  provides wind , wave , and storm information for the production and  tranportation areas of the north atlantic . i ' ve linked the site from the  research weather homepage to the european weather support page . here is the  link :  from here - follow the : "" north atlantic production / transport "" link . let ' s  see what customer feedback we get - and i will continue to investigate  further avenues  of support .  steve  stephen bennett  meteorologist - research  enron americas  ext . 5 - 3661",0,north atlantic forecasts update fyi also highly recommend adding tony hamilton research group cross train one month houston per teleconference mike forwarded mike roberts hou ect pm enron north america corp stephen bennett enron pm mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject north atlantic forecasts mike response phil clifford request constructed webpage provides wind wave storm information production tranportation areas north atlantic linked site research weather homepage european weather support page link follow north atlantic production transport link let see customer feedback get continue investigate avenues support steve stephen bennett meteorologist research enron americas ext
"Subject: re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  naveen ,  i got ngi - socal prices for prompt , prompt + 1 , . . . , prompt + 59 contracts .  for each contract i calculated moving average based on 21 log - returns as  well as moving volatility . then i calculated normalized log - returns :  [ return ( t ) - ave ( t ) ] / vol ( t )  and compared the results to normal distribution .  i could not find fat tails !  volatility changes a lot from day to day , so when people look at  log - returns ( not normalized ) it seems that there fat tails ( big spikes , large  returns more frequent than normal ) ,  which comes from the fact that volatility is not constant ( at all ) .  see the spreadsheet is under o : \ _ dropbox \ tanya  tanya",0,looking fat tails time series ngi socal naveen got ngi socal prices prompt prompt prompt contracts contract calculated moving average based log returns well moving volatility calculated normalized log returns return ave vol compared results normal distribution could find fat tails volatility changes lot day day people look log returns normalized seems fat tails big spikes large returns frequent normal comes fact volatility constant see spreadsheet dropbox tanya tanya
"Subject: re : petrochemical forward curves  vince ,  you will find the most recent email exchanges below . per our discussion , i did sit down with christian last week to talk about a fundamental / econometric approach to forward curve construction as was done for the agricultural efforts . let me know how you , vasant , and stinson would like to proceed on this matter .  nelson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by nelson neale / na / enron on 04 / 18 / 2001 08 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : christian lebroc / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 17 / 2001 04 : 41 pm  to : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : petrochemical forward curves  please review the "" curve model 2 k "" file which was built by research a few years back for plastics trading group . i would like to work with you or someone in research as far as building the same model for all petrochemical products .  the "" benz _ curve "" file is what i have done so far but it is very primitive compare to the other model . let me know what i need to do going forward .  christian  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : neale , nelson  sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 11 : 28 am  to : lebroc , christian  subject : re : petrochemical forward curves  what kind of crude price volatility are you proposing to use ( nymex ) ? as i recall , we did find some relationship between the time series price variable and one of the s & d terms that you had placed in the excel worksheet . there was no relationship with lagged price either ? if you don ' t mind , please forward the data to me so that i can take a quick look at it .  nelson  from : christian lebroc / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 12 / 2001 05 : 44 pm  to : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : petrochemical forward curves  for gbm , i was thinking about using crude volatility . unfortunately , supply and demand is not a good indicator of predicting prices because of the economic complexity of processing aromatics . statistically , there is no relationship between utilization , supply , demand and price . inserting time lag does not make the number any better either .  christian  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : neale , nelson  sent : thursday , april 12 , 2001 5 : 23 pm  to : lebroc , christian  subject : re : petrochemical forward curves  hi christian ,  both mean reversion and gbm models assume that all information related to a future price may be found in the historical price . the approach employed in the ag curves suggests that there may be some fundamental information related to supply and demand that impacts also drives future price . a portion of the mean reversion process is actually captured with inclusion of lagged prices ( autoregressive component ) . a gbm process requires some information on price volatility . since there is presumably no forward / future curve for the commodity of interest , it is difficult to come up with historical volatility values . hope it helps .  nelson  from : christian lebroc / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 12 / 2001 11 : 46 am  to : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : petrochemical forward curves  neslon ,  i would like to insert "" mean reversion "" and "" geometric brownian motion "" in the linear forward curve equation you put together for me earlier this week . please inform me on how to assemble the above request .  thanks  christian  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lebroc , christian  sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 2 : 29 pm  to : neale , nelson  subject : petchem data  > >",0,petrochemical forward curves vince find recent email exchanges per discussion sit christian last week talk fundamental econometric approach forward curve construction done agricultural efforts let know vasant stinson would like proceed matter nelson forwarded nelson neale na enron christian lebroc enron enronxgate pm nelson neale na enron enron cc subject petrochemical forward curves please review curve model k file built research years back plastics trading group would like work someone research far building model petrochemical products benz curve file done far primitive compare model let know need going forward christian original message neale nelson sent friday april lebroc christian subject petrochemical forward curves kind crude price volatility proposing use nymex recall find relationship time series price variable one terms placed excel worksheet relationship lagged price either mind please forward data take quick look nelson christian lebroc enron enronxgate pm nelson neale na enron enron cc subject petrochemical forward curves gbm thinking using crude volatility unfortunately supply demand good indicator predicting prices economic complexity processing aromatics statistically relationship utilization supply demand price inserting time lag make number better either christian original message neale nelson sent thursday april pm lebroc christian subject petrochemical forward curves hi christian mean reversion gbm models assume information related future price may found historical price approach employed ag curves suggests may fundamental information related supply demand impacts also drives future price portion mean reversion process actually captured inclusion lagged prices autoregressive component gbm process requires information price volatility since presumably forward future curve commodity interest difficult come historical volatility values hope helps nelson christian lebroc enron enronxgate nelson neale na enron enron cc subject petrochemical forward curves neslon would like insert mean reversion geometric brownian motion linear forward curve equation put together earlier week please inform assemble request thanks christian original message lebroc christian sent tuesday april pm neale nelson subject petchem data
"Subject: re : enron , india database  sandeep ,  ?  we ' ve ? completed a review ? this morning to try to fill in missing pieces ? of  information on hourly load shapes , hydro dispatch history , and transactions  for india and have not come up with anything yet . would you know of any of  the above information which would ? assist us in our efforts ?  ?  thanks ,  ?  david yomogida  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : david  to : sandeep kohli  cc : robert schenck - australia ; vince j kaminski ; stinson gibner  sent : wednesday , january 10 , 2001 6 : 20 pm  subject : enron , india database  sandeep ,  ?  below , i have summarized henwood ' s work on the india database to date .  ?  the "" inter _ regional links . ppt "" file shows the topology and links between  bubbles in the our model and "" expand _ india _ data _ 011000 . xls "" details the  existing station information that we have compiled to date . ? total resources  closely match reported resources as shown in "" l & r _ 0110 . xls "" . reported india  total in 1997 is 86 , 000 mw and that in the henwood database is 84 , 000 mw  through 1997 .  ?  region  emss database  reported [ 1 ]  difference  india total  84 , 103  86 , 120  2 , 017  ?  ?  we are currently working on the development of hourly load shaping , seasonal  hydro energy allocation , and the gathering of transaction information .  sandeep , we will try to contact you tomorrow ( thursday - - australia ? or  wednesday - - united states ) to answer any questions that you may have on  this information .  ?  sincerely ,  ?  david yomogida  ?  ?",0,enron india database sandeep completed review morning try fill missing pieces information hourly load shapes hydro dispatch history transactions india come anything yet would know information would assist us efforts thanks david yomogida original message david sandeep kohli cc robert schenck australia vince j kaminski stinson gibner sent wednesday january pm subject enron india database sandeep summarized henwood work india database date inter regional links ppt file shows topology links bubbles model expand india data xls details existing station information compiled date total resources closely match reported resources shown l r xls reported india total mw henwood database mw region emss database reported difference india total currently working development hourly load shaping seasonal hydro energy allocation gathering transaction information sandeep try contact tomorrow thursday australia wednesday united states answer questions may information sincerely david yomogida
"Subject: friday brown bag on derivative pricing  dear everyone ,  we understand the as members of enron research group , all of us are working  on very interesting projects , some of which are ground - breaking , and we all  keep a very keen mind on any development of new technology . we also find  out , through our own experience , that at this age of information explosion ,  it becomes more and more difficult to have enough time and energy to keep  abreast with most of the exciting stuff taking place in this department , let  alone in the industry . it is also our personal experience that many a  project we are working on has partially been attempted by other members of  this group .  as a remedy , we propose that the research group start an informal brown bag  lunch group meeting , once every two weeks on friday , for about 50 minutes .  it is hoped that it will provide a forum for us to facilitate with new  technology and development , as well as with each other  , s work , so that we do  not have to reinvent the wheels .  we envision the following : in this meeting ( or seminar ) , each one of us will  take turns to make presentations to the group . the topics could range from  theoretical consideration to practical implementation , be it option pricing ,  process modelling , insurance issue , or monte carlo simulation , or anything  one finds fascinating . the presentation material could be papers you have  been reading recently , projects you are working on , some problem that  bothers you , or an idea that is fascinating . you choose your own  presentation style . it could be  everything - you - always - wanted - to - know - but - were - afraid - to - ask , hand waving  style , or it can involve nitty - gritty , detailed derivations , anyway a style  that suits you and the topic . or it can simply be a dry - run for your  presentation at the next risk conference . zimin and alex will take upon the  responsibility of organizing the seminar .  we hope the seminar will be up and running in two - three weeks . for that  purpose your support will be greatly appreciated . please let either zimin or  alex know if you are interested in giving a presentation to the group and  provide a tentative schedule . surely the rest of the group will be happy to  hear your presentation .  we encourage everyone to participate this brown bag meeting , either to give a  talk or just sit in .  zimin lu  alex huang",0,friday brown bag derivative pricing dear everyone understand members enron research group us working interesting projects ground breaking keep keen mind development new technology also find experience age information explosion becomes difficult enough time energy keep abreast exciting stuff taking place department let alone industry also personal experience many project working partially attempted members group remedy propose research group start informal brown bag lunch group meeting every two weeks friday minutes hoped provide forum us facilitate new technology development well work reinvent wheels envision following meeting seminar one us take turns make presentations group topics could range theoretical consideration practical implementation option pricing process modelling insurance issue monte carlo simulation anything one finds fascinating presentation material could papers reading recently projects working problem bothers idea fascinating choose presentation style could everything always wanted know afraid ask hand waving style involve nitty gritty detailed derivations anyway style suits topic simply dry run presentation next risk conference zimin alex take upon responsibility organizing seminar hope seminar running two three weeks purpose support greatly appreciated please let either zimin alex know interested giving presentation group provide tentative schedule surely rest group happy hear presentation encourage everyone participate brown bag meeting either give talk sit zimin lu alex huang
"Subject: re : grant masson  fyi . i shall not be surprised if grant knock on our door again in a few weeks .  i told him he could not count on the same generous treatment  he got the first time .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 08 / 2001  08 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" grant masson "" on 01 / 07 / 2001 06 : 43 : 08 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : grant masson  dear vince :  ?  after a very great deal of thought , i have decided to stick it out with el  paso .  ?  please be assured that this exercise was not a "" fishing expedition "" to  extract concessions from el paso . ? rather , it is simply that , although i  continue to harbor doubts about some of el paso ' s methods and about the  people running the business , i have concluded that two months is not enough  time to fully judge the company . ? i feel that i have not yet given el paso  ( or myself for that matter ) a fair chance . ? after all , if i disagree with  the way the business is run , i should regard that as an opportunity to  effect changes and not an excuse to run away .  ?  please extend my sincerest thanks and apologies to all those who worked so  hard over the holidays to produce the offer : david oxley , sheila walton , and  especially norma villarreal .  ?  and thanks also to you vince for your patience , humor , and good advice . ? as  i ' ve said before , i consider it an honor to be able to call you a colleague  and friend .  ?  with best regards ,  grant .",0,grant masson fyi shall surprised grant knock door weeks told could count generous treatment got first time vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect grant masson pm cc subject grant masson dear vince great deal thought decided stick el paso please assured exercise fishing expedition extract concessions el paso rather simply although continue harbor doubts el paso methods people running business concluded two months enough time fully judge company feel yet given el paso matter fair chance disagree way business run regard opportunity effect changes excuse run away please extend sincerest thanks apologies worked hard holidays produce offer david oxley sheila walton especially norma villarreal thanks also vince patience humor good advice said consider honor able call colleague friend best regards grant
"Subject: some municipal bonds for you to look at . . . . .  i called out muni desk to have them take a look at the current munis avaiable  that looked best at this time to invest $ 50 , 000 going out to 30 years for  you . the following is what they came up with . . . .  pecos co tx cert of obl w / a coupon 5 . 5 % matures in 02 / 01 / 11 callable at par  on 02 / 01 / 07 offered at $ 101 . 964 - aaa rated  brownsville util rev w / a coupon of 5 . 25 % maturing in 09 / 01 / 15 callable at par  on 09 / 01 / 05 offered at $ 97 . 425 - aaa rated  alvin tx isd psf w / a coupon of 5 . 75 % maturing in 08 / 15 / 22 callable at par on  08 / 15 / 10 offered at par - aaa rated  houston tx air revs w / a coupon of 5 . 00 % maturing in 07 / 01 / 28 callable at par  on 07 / 01 / 08 offered at 86 . 479 - aaa rated  remember , these are subject to change , but if these interest you and they are  not still available , i will see if there is something comparable .  talk to you soon . please call me with any questions . thanks , julie",0,municipal bonds look called muni desk take look current munis avaiable looked best time invest going years following came pecos co tx cert obl w coupon matures callable par offered aaa rated brownsville util rev w coupon maturing callable par offered aaa rated alvin tx isd psf w coupon maturing callable par offered par aaa rated houston tx air revs w coupon maturing callable par offered aaa rated remember subject change interest still available see something comparable talk soon please call questions thanks julie
"Subject: anshuman  neil ,  i would like to apologize for the confusion regarding anshuman .  we have floated a number of possible scenarios regarding his  trip to houston and there was a lot of confusion  regarding the terms ( given that i was talking to sandeep  every few days ) .  currently , we expect anshuman to come to houston for one month  to work on the dpc project ( at jeff shankman ' s request ) . the lawyers advised  me that we need an ll visa for him , irrespective of the duration  of his stay .  sorry for the confusion .  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com",0,anshuman neil would like apologize confusion regarding anshuman floated number possible scenarios regarding trip houston lot confusion regarding terms given talking sandeep every days currently expect anshuman come houston one month work dpc project jeff shankman request lawyers advised need visa irrespective duration stay sorry confusion vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: meeting with vince set for 1 pm monday , april 17  maureen , thank you very much for taking time away from your project to talk  with me this morning . since the management decision to close info central , i  have been doing small projects that , while necessary , do not require my  education , knowledge or research capabilities .  i appreciate your suggestion that i speak to vince since i am anxious to  return to contributing at a higher level . i am attaching my resume in the  hope that it will trigger ideas for possible ways that i can use my abilities  in the research department . i have worked as an information specialist for  14 years , doing research for people at all levels in both the pharmaceutical  and energy industries . i have focused most heavily on business research , but  learn quickly and can branch out in whatever direction necessary for a  project .  i ' m looking forward to meeting with vince on monday afternoon . thanks again  for your help .",0,meeting vince set pm monday april maureen thank much taking time away project talk morning since management decision close info central small projects necessary require education knowledge research capabilities appreciate suggestion speak vince since anxious return contributing higher level attaching resume hope trigger ideas possible ways use abilities research department worked information specialist years research people levels pharmaceutical energy industries focused heavily business research learn quickly branch whatever direction necessary project looking forward meeting vince monday afternoon thanks help
"Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron research group  hi ramaswamy :  thank you for responding so promptly . i have scheduled the telephone  interview for monday , march 19 th from 10 : 30 - 11 : 30 am ( central time ) .  please let me know if this is not convenient .  they will call you at ( 773 ) 324 - 5077 .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  "" ramaswamy garimella "" on 03 / 05 / 2001  09 : 27 : 26 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : ramaswamy _ garimella @ hotmail . com  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron research group  hi shirley ,  thanks for providing me an opportunity to interview with enron research  group . i have final exams in the next week till march 15 . so , any date from  march 19 onwards will be convenient to me . my phone number is  ( 773 ) 324 - 5077 . any time after 10 a . m will be fine with me .  please let me know the date and time that will be convenient to vince  kaminski ' s group . thank you very much .  best regards ,  ramaswamy garimella .  - - - - original message follows - - - -  from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  to : ramaswamy _ garimella @ hotmail . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , stinson . gibner @ enron . com ,  vasant . shanbhogue @ enron . com , tanya . tamarchenko @ enron . com  subject : telephone interview with the enron research group  date : mon , 5 mar 2001 14 : 38 : 18 - 0600  mime - version : 1 . 0  received : from [ 192 . 152 . 140 . 9 ] by hotmail . com ( 3 . 2 ) with esmtp id  mhotmailbc 6 d 45780030 d 82197 daco 988 co 99 a 960 ; mon mar 05 12 : 43 : 36 2001  received : from mailman . enron . com ( mailman . enron . com [ 192 . 168 . 189 . 66 ] ) by  postmaster . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 / postmaster - 1 . 00 ) with esmtp id uaal 0526 for  ; mon , 5 mar 2001 20 : 43 : 35 gmt  received : from nahou - msmswo 2 px . corp . enron . com ( [ 172 . 28 . 10 . 38 ] ) by  mailman . enron . com ( 8 . 10 . 1 / 8 . 10 . 1 / corp - 1 . 05 ) with esmtp id f 25 khzal 4665 for ;  mon , 5 mar 2001 14 : 43 : 35 - 0600 ( cst )  received : from ene - mtaol . enron . com ( unverified ) by  nahou - msmswo 2 px . corp . enron . com ( content technologies smtprs 4 . 1 . 5 ) with  esmtp id for ; mon , 5 mar 2001 14 : 43 : 41 - 0600",0,telephone interview enron research group hi ramaswamy thank responding promptly scheduled telephone interview monday march th central time please let know convenient call sincerely shirley crenshaw ramaswamy garimella pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc ramaswamy garimella hotmail com subject telephone interview enron research group hi shirley thanks providing opportunity interview enron research group final exams next week till march date march onwards convenient phone number time fine please let know date time convenient vince kaminski group thank much best regards ramaswamy garimella original message follows shirley crenshaw enron com ramaswamy garimella hotmail com cc vince j kaminski enron com stinson gibner enron com vasant shanbhogue enron com tanya tamarchenko enron com subject telephone interview enron research group date mon mar mime version received hotmail com esmtp id mhotmailbc daco co mon mar received mailman enron com mailman enron com postmaster enron com postmaster esmtp id uaal mon mar gmt received nahou msmswo px corp enron com mailman enron com corp esmtp id f khzal mon mar cst received ene mtaol enron com unverified nahou msmswo px corp enron com content technologies smtprs esmtp id mon mar
"Subject: ipps in ercot  jim ,  can we meet on friday to discuss this topic .  the person who supports power , grant masson ,  will be out for the next two days .  vince",0,ipps ercot jim meet friday discuss topic person supports power grant masson next two days vince
"Subject: re : executive program on credit risk modeling  tanya ,  please , ask him to make the arrangements .  vince  tanya tamarchenko  05 / 25 / 2000 11 : 19 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : executive program on credit risk modeling  yes , i think it is useful for vincent to attend the program .  tanya .  vince j kaminski  05 / 22 / 2000 09 : 50 am  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : executive program on credit risk modeling  tanya ,  another thought .  should vincent go as well ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000  09 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  05 / 22 / 2000 08 : 10 am  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : executive program on credit risk modeling  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000  08 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" kashiwamura , shelby "" on 05 / 18 / 2000  02 : 03 : 19 pm  to : "" isero , alicia "" , "" kashiwamura , shelby ""  cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  subject : executive program on credit risk modeling  subject : announcement : executive program on credit risk modeling  credit risk modeling for financial institutions  october 15 - 20 , 2000  at stanford university business school  risk management specialists , stanford business school professors of finance  darrell duffie and kenneth singleton will be repeating their successful  executive program on credit risk pricing and risk management for financial  institutions . the course is created for risk managers , research staff , and  traders with responsibility for credit risk or credit - related products ,  including bond and loan portfolios , otc derivative portfolios , and credit  derivatives .  this program includes :  * valuation models for defaultable bonds , otc derivatives , and credit  derivatives , with empirical applications to corporate and sovereign markets  * empirical and theoretical assessments of models for measuring credit  risk , with correlation , for portfolios  * the strengths and limitations of current practice in credit risk  measurement  * practical issues in implementing credit modeling and risk systems  * estimation of default and transition probabilities , and the  correlations among the default risks of publicly traded companies , from  historical data  application form :  credit risk modeling for financial institutions  stanford , october 15 - 20 , 2000  this form may be completed and returned by email , or may be printed and sent  by fax to :  stanford gsb executive education programs  fax number : 650 723 3950  you may also apply and see more detailed information by visiting our web  site at :  www . gsb . stanford . edu / exed / crm  applications will be acknowledged upon receipt . if you have not received an  acknowledgement within two weeks , please contact us .  please complete all sections . all information is kept strictly confidential .  name :  put an x beside one , please : male : female :  citizenship :  job title :  company :  your company ' s main activity :  business mailing address :  business phone ( all codes please ) :  business fax :  email address :  home address :  home phone :  nickname for identification badge :  emergency contact name :  emergency contact phone :  title of person to whom you report :  your job responsibilities and experience related to this course : ( please  provide a brief job summary here , or attach and send a biographical summary  containing information relevant to your purpose and qualifications for the  course . )  college or university education : please list , by degree :  college or university dates degree granted  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  please note :  all classes and discussions are conducted in english .  in order to reserve a place in the course , the program fee of us $ 7 , 500 is  due upon notification of acceptance . this fee covers the tuition , single  room , meals , and all course materials ( including a proprietary manuscript on  credit risk pricing and measurement ) .  our refund policy is available upon request .  please state the source from which you heard about this course :  name and date :  if you would like a hard copy brochure and application form , please contact :  ( make sure to include your mailing address )  shelby m . kashiwamura  program manager  executive education  stanford graduate school of business  ( 650 ) 723 - 9356 phone  ( 650 ) 723 - 3950 fax  kashiwamura _ shelby @ gsb . stanford . edu",0,executive program credit risk modeling tanya please ask make arrangements vince tanya tamarchenko vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject executive program credit risk modeling yes think useful vincent attend program tanya vince j kaminski tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc subject executive program credit risk modeling tanya another thought vincent go well vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vince j kaminski tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc subject executive program credit risk modeling fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect kashiwamura shelby pm isero alicia kashiwamura shelby cc bcc vince j kaminski hou ect subject executive program credit risk modeling subject announcement executive program credit risk modeling credit risk modeling financial institutions october stanford university business school risk management specialists stanford business school professors finance darrell duffie kenneth singleton repeating successful executive program credit risk pricing risk management financial institutions course created risk managers research staff traders responsibility credit risk credit related products including bond loan portfolios otc derivative portfolios credit derivatives program includes valuation models defaultable bonds otc derivatives credit derivatives empirical applications corporate sovereign markets empirical theoretical assessments models measuring credit risk correlation portfolios strengths limitations current practice credit risk measurement practical issues implementing credit modeling risk systems estimation default transition probabilities correlations among default risks publicly traded companies historical data application form credit risk modeling financial institutions stanford october form may completed returned email may printed sent fax stanford gsb executive education programs fax number may also apply see detailed information visiting web site www gsb stanford edu exed crm applications acknowledged upon receipt received acknowledgement within two weeks please contact us please complete sections information kept strictly confidential name put x beside one please male female citizenship job title company company main activity business mailing address business phone codes please business fax email address home address home phone nickname identification badge emergency contact name emergency contact phone title person report job responsibilities experience related course please provide brief job summary attach send biographical summary containing information relevant purpose qualifications course college university education please list degree college university dates degree granted please note classes discussions conducted english order reserve place course program fee us due upon notification acceptance fee covers tuition single room meals course materials including proprietary manuscript credit risk pricing measurement refund policy available upon request please state source heard course name date would like hard copy brochure application form please contact make sure include mailing address shelby kashiwamura program manager executive education stanford graduate school business phone fax kashiwamura shelby gsb stanford edu
"Subject: re : chicago partners  david ,  i sent a message with information to several different units but no  response so far . i think people need a specific need to focus  and i shall keep the chicago partners in mind when a relevant  project arrives . i shall resend the message with attachments on  cp in a few weeks as a reminder .  vince  vince  david _ barr @ enron . net on 03 / 01 / 2000 10 : 15 : 57 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : chicago partners  vince ,  hope this finds you well . i am sure you are more than busy but i wanted to  see  where we stand with feedback regarding me coordinating a potential  presentation  by chris culp at cp risk management .  regards ,  david",0,chicago partners david sent message information several different units response far think people need specific need focus shall keep chicago partners mind relevant project arrives shall resend message attachments cp weeks reminder vince vince david barr enron net vkamins enron com cc subject chicago partners vince hope finds well sure busy wanted see stand feedback regarding coordinating potential presentation chris culp cp risk management regards david
"Subject: job application  dear dr . kaminski ,  i currently hold a post - doctorate position in the mathematics  department at the university of texas at austin ( with a ph . d .  in theoretical physics ) . although my position here is renewable  until summer 2001 , i would like to move on to a more dynamic field  where i can still use my analytical skills and mathematical knowledge .  since attending a series of lectures on mathematical finance given  by dr . marc potters last summer i started studying the subject on my  own and found it intriguing and challenging .  i am interested in a position in your group ( rac ) at enron .  last fall in a career seminar at ut you mentioned that people who are  interested can send you their resume . if this is still relevant , please  find below my resume ( in word 97 and text formats ) .  thank you for your time .  yours ,  nurit krausz  nurit krausz , ph . d . http : / / www . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit /  dept . of mathematics phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170  university of texas at austin office : rlm 11 . 170 hours : mwf 8 : 30 - 10  resume  nurit krausz  university of texas  department of mathematics  austin , tx 78712  phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170  e - mail : nurit @ math . utexas . edu  http : / / rene . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit /  objective  a position in the field of mathematical finance utilizing broad  mathematical knowledge , innovative thinking and creativity .  summary of qualifications  with extensive academic background and research experience ,  combined with experience as an engineer in the israeli air force ,  i possess the following :  * deep mathematical and scientific knowledge .  * strong analytical and problem - solving skills .  * proven ability to quickly become an expert in new subjects .  * ability to present clearly and effectively complicated subjects .  * ability to work productively both independently and in teams .  academic positions  1998 - present : post - doctorate position at the university of texas  at austin , department of mathematics .  education  1994 - 1998 : d . sc . in physics at the technion - israel inst . of tech .  research thesis : quantum dynamics on non - compact group manifolds .  supervisor : prof . m . marinov .  1992 - 1994 : m . sc . in physics at the technion - israel inst . of tech .  research thesis : a study of scintillation in doped silica glass  for detection of neutrino oscillation .  supervisor : prof . j . goldberg .  the experiments were performed at cern during the summer of 1993 .  * performed the design , testing , and installation of the experimental  setup from remote - controlled mechanical equipment to sophisticated  electronics .  * performed statistical data analysis and critical interpretation of  results using software developed at cern ( paw ) .  * solved a complicated problem of track reconstruction through an  unusually shaped magnet for the chorus collaboration at cern , and  delivered a computer code ready for implementation , still in use  today .  1985 - 1989 : b . sc . in aeronautical engineering cum laude at the  technion - israel institute of technology .  military service  1989 - 1992 : aeronautic design engineer in the israeli air force .  rank : first lieutenant .  * designed and supervised numerous prototype installations of  electronic equipment and changes in combat planes .  * wrote procedures for harsh environmental durability tests for cockpit  and avionics bay - mounted equipment .  * negotiated and supervised manufacturing of parts with contractors .  * attended project management , engineering and product reliability  and maintenance courses .  * programmed simulations of ammunition trajectories from moving  aircrafts .  teaching experience :  1998 - present : lecturer at the university of texas  undergraduate courses : precalculus , calculus , linear algebra  graduate course : theory of lie groups  1992 - 1997 physics department , technion , teaching assistant  undergraduate course : elementary lab in mechanics  graduate courses : group theory for physics ,  introduction to particle physics , relativistic quantum mechanics .  computer knowledge :  unix and windows os , most common word processors , excel ,  maple , mathematica , fortran , html , latex .  publications :  1 . j . goldberg and n . krausz , response of cerium - doped silica glass  in a beam at cern , proceedings of the scifi conference , notre dame  university , notre dame , indiana ( 1993 ) .  2 . n . krausz and m . s . marinov , quantal dynamics on non - compact  groups , proceedings of the 5 th international wigner symposium ,  world scientific ( 1998 ) , 398 .  3 . n . krausz and m . s . marinov , exact evolution operator on  non - compact group manifolds , quant - ph / 9709050 ,  submitted to j . of math . phys .  4 . n . krausz , spherical averages in minkowski space , in preparation .  5 . n . krausz , quantum field theory in minkowski space , in preparation .  - resume . doc",0,job application dear dr kaminski currently hold post doctorate position mathematics department university texas austin ph theoretical physics although position renewable summer would like move dynamic field still use analytical skills mathematical knowledge since attending series lectures mathematical finance given dr marc potters last summer started studying subject found intriguing challenging interested position group rac enron last fall career seminar ut mentioned people interested send resume still relevant please find resume word text formats thank time nurit krausz nurit krausz ph http www utexas edu users nurit dept mathematics phone university texas austin office rlm hours mwf resume nurit krausz university texas department mathematics austin tx phone e mail nurit math utexas edu http rene utexas edu users nurit objective position field mathematical finance utilizing broad mathematical knowledge innovative thinking creativity summary qualifications extensive academic background research experience combined experience engineer israeli air force possess following deep mathematical scientific knowledge strong analytical problem solving skills proven ability quickly become expert new subjects ability present clearly effectively complicated subjects ability work productively independently teams academic positions present post doctorate position university texas austin department mathematics education sc physics technion israel inst tech research thesis quantum dynamics non compact group manifolds supervisor prof marinov sc physics technion israel inst tech research thesis study scintillation doped silica glass detection neutrino oscillation supervisor prof j goldberg experiments performed cern summer performed design testing installation experimental setup remote controlled mechanical equipment sophisticated electronics performed statistical data analysis critical interpretation results using software developed cern paw solved complicated problem track reconstruction unusually shaped magnet chorus collaboration cern delivered computer code ready implementation still use today b sc aeronautical engineering cum laude technion israel institute technology military service aeronautic design engineer israeli air force rank first lieutenant designed supervised numerous prototype installations electronic equipment changes combat planes wrote procedures harsh environmental durability tests cockpit avionics bay mounted equipment negotiated supervised manufacturing parts contractors attended project management engineering product reliability maintenance courses programmed simulations ammunition trajectories moving aircrafts teaching experience present lecturer university texas undergraduate courses precalculus calculus linear algebra graduate course theory lie groups physics department technion teaching assistant undergraduate course elementary lab mechanics graduate courses group theory physics introduction particle physics relativistic quantum mechanics computer knowledge unix windows os common word processors excel maple mathematica fortran html latex publications j goldberg n krausz response cerium doped silica glass beam cern proceedings scifi conference notre dame university notre dame indiana n krausz marinov quantal dynamics non compact groups proceedings th international wigner symposium world scientific n krausz marinov exact evolution operator non compact group manifolds quant ph submitted j math phys n krausz spherical averages minkowski space preparation n krausz quantum field theory minkowski space preparation resume doc
"Subject: brad romine  celeste ,  i was under the impression i sent you a message regarding brad romine but  i cannot find a copy in my msg folder . there might have been a glitch in the  cc - mail  and the message did not go through and wasn ' t stored .  i wanted to make the following points :  1 . brad will not show up on march 15 . he is still working on his dot - com  business and wants to  pursue this opportunity .  2 . my recommendation is that we should draw a line in the sand . either brad  or a stipend  refund check should show up on march 15 .  3 . i told brad that a failure to show up on march 15 will not imperil his  future employment opportunities  with enron . we just need clarity and ability to plan our human resource  needs . if he decides to re - apply  at some point in the future , we shall not hold his decision to pursue him  entrepreneurial plans against him .  please , let me know what you think .  vince",0,brad romine celeste impression sent message regarding brad romine find copy msg folder might glitch cc mail message go stored wanted make following points brad show march still working dot com business wants pursue opportunity recommendation draw line sand either brad stipend refund check show march told brad failure show march imperil future employment opportunities enron need clarity ability plan human resource needs decides apply point future shall hold decision pursue entrepreneurial plans please let know think vince
"Subject: re : running credit model  tanya ,  although i ' m quite comfortable with providing support for running the model ,  and assisting in providing the tools to enable easier analysis of the  results , i ' m not entirely comfortable with supporting a java debug  environment within your team ( including ad - hoc training ) , when we have  facilities within the it development team to do it here .  i ' d like to meet with you to discuss this , as this seems to be an ongoing  issue , and would like to understand the ground rules by which your team  operates in conjunction with it in general .  regards  steve  tanya tamarchenko  23 / 06 / 2000 15 : 48  to : stephen stock / hou / ect @ ect  cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , debbie r  brackett / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : running credit model  steve ,  in order to be able to test the new credit model as well as to answer credit  group ' s  questions regarding the outputs from this model research needs to be able to  do the following :  1 . run credit model independently of the other runs . it is quite ok for now  to be able to run it just for small artificial portfolios .  2 . debug the code to see what actual values are used during the run time .  please , let me know if your team can help us .  tanya .",0,running credit model tanya although quite comfortable providing support running model assisting providing tools enable easier analysis results entirely comfortable supporting java debug environment within team including ad hoc training facilities within development team like meet discuss seems ongoing issue would like understand ground rules team operates conjunction general regards steve tanya tamarchenko stephen stock hou ect ect cc grant masson hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect debbie r brackett hou ect ect subject running credit model steve order able test new credit model well answer credit group questions regarding outputs model research needs able following run credit model independently runs quite ok able run small artificial portfolios debug code see actual values used run time please let know team help us tanya
"Subject: update on energy book  vince ,  ?  just to let you know , the books will be shipped to both you and rice  university tomorrow by express mail , which means the books should arrive  within 5 days ( depending on customs ) .  ?  rice has purchased 25 books , and i informed them that if they don ' t sell  them all , we will ? credit their account ? with the amount of unsold copies . ?  i ' ve asked them to ? give you ? any extra copies instead of returning them .  ?  please find attached the invoice for the 50 books .  ?  thanks again , and if you need anything further , please let me know .  ?  julie  - enron 224 _ 10 _ 01 _ 01 . doc",0,update energy book vince let know books shipped rice university tomorrow express mail means books arrive within days depending customs rice purchased books informed sell credit account amount unsold copies asked give extra copies instead returning please find attached invoice books thanks need anything please let know julie enron doc
"Subject: re : baylor - enron case study  cindy ,  yes , i shall co - author this paper and i have planted the idea in john  martin ' s head .  vince  from : cindy derecskey @ enron on 10 / 25 / 2000 11 : 38 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : baylor - enron case study  vince ,  i forgot to inquire whether you would also like to be present during the  interview process with john martin and ken , jeff and andy ?  let me know . . . . thanks ,  cindy",0,baylor enron case study cindy yes shall co author paper planted idea john martin head vince cindy derecskey enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject baylor enron case study vince forgot inquire whether would also like present interview process john martin ken jeff andy let know thanks cindy
"Subject: re : contact info  glenn ,  please , contact rudi zipter to set up an interview with him and david port .  vince  "" glenn darrah "" on 04 / 25 / 2001 04 : 27 : 03 pm  please respond to gdarrah @ bigfoot . com  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : contact info  vincent ,  congratulations on spearheading the mind ' s eye madness event - it looks like  quite a success . my biggest disappointment is that i am leaving enron this  week and have been too busy to participate as much as i would like . i have  had continued interest in the work and presentations that amy oberg has  done , so would have really enjoyed the workshop yesterday . i am still  considering doing some or all of the motorcade friday , however that may  work .  separately , thanks for the update in the lobby today on the enterprise risk  project . please keep in touch with me . as i mentioned , my redeployment  period ends tomorrow ( april 26 ) , but i currently do not have an outside job  lined up and still have a lot of interest in the project if something can be  worked out over the next few weeks . although he is not in the same group as  david port , i have worked a lot with brad larson in the rac underwriting  group - he may be a good source of information on me also .  contact information :  e - mail : gdarrah @ bigfoot . com  phone : 713 . 668 . 4277  cell : 713 . 320 . 5615  thanks ,  glenn darrah  get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com",0,contact info glenn please contact rudi zipter set interview david port vince glenn darrah pm please respond gdarrah bigfoot com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject contact info vincent congratulations spearheading mind eye madness event looks like quite success biggest disappointment leaving enron week busy participate much would like continued interest work presentations amy oberg done would really enjoyed workshop yesterday still considering motorcade friday however may work separately thanks update lobby today enterprise risk project please keep touch mentioned redeployment period ends tomorrow april currently outside job lined still lot interest project something worked next weeks although group david port worked lot brad larson rac underwriting group may good source information also contact information e mail gdarrah bigfoot com phone cell thanks glenn darrah get free download msn explorer http explorer msn com
"Subject: enron interview of james valverde  hi molly !  has this been scheduled yet ? the recruiter is asking for a copy of the  itinerary for his client and directions to the enron bldg . i thought i would  send both at the same time .  let me know .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 30 / 2001  08 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  01 / 29 / 2001 10 : 26 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : enron interview of james valverde  molly :  vince arranged the times for this interview with a recruiting firm - it will  be  thursday , february 1 from 1 : 00 pm - 5 : 00 pm .  i am enclosing an interview request form for him and i have scheduled vince ,  krishna , and stinson . if these times need to be changed to accommodate  the others , please let me know .  his resume is also attached .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001  09 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  01 / 26 / 2001 05 : 09 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : fwd : re : enron - resume interview of james valverde  shirley ,  we want to invite him for an interview ,  thu , 1 - 5 . interviews with kp , sg , vk , gk , br , molly , cs , dan rack .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2001  05 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  johan dahl on 01 / 26 / 2001 05 : 04 : 50 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : fwd : re : enron - resume interview of james valverde  vince ,  james valverde is confirmed for a face - to - face interview with you on thursday  february lst at 1 . 00 pm to 5 . 00 pm . ? when you have an interview itinerary ,  please share it with me so james know who he is interviewing with . ? please  also tell me where you want him to show up , what floor , suite etc . ? i am  assuming you are in the building on 1400 smith st . , right ?  we have not discussed yet the details regarding what key skills and  qualifications you are looking for in a candidate , other than that they are  bright and talented . could you please share , via email or over the phone ,  what you are looking for in candidate for your organization . ? if you want me  to put a search together , i can only do it by knowing what you want . ? thank  you .  if there is anything else i can do for you before the interview on thursday ,  please let me know .  respectfully ,  johan  at 04 : 39 pm 1 / 26 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  johan ,  please , confirm the interview on thursday next week , 1 - 5 .  vince  johan dahl on 01 / 24 / 2001 12 : 04 : 42 pm  to : ? ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : ? fwd : re : enron - resume interview of james valverde  johan c . dahl  director energy staffing group  management recruiters of portland , inc .  phone : 503 - 290 - 1153  phone : 800 - 979 - 8701  fax : 503 - 282 - 4380  e - mail : jdahl @ mrportland . com  web : www . mrportland . com / html / energy . htm",0,enron interview james valverde hi molly scheduled yet recruiter asking copy itinerary client directions enron bldg thought would send time let know thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect shirley crenshaw molly magee hou ect ect cc subject enron interview james valverde molly vince arranged times interview recruiting firm thursday february pm pm enclosing interview request form scheduled vince krishna stinson times need changed accommodate others please let know resume also attached thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fwd enron resume interview james valverde shirley want invite interview thu interviews kp sg vk gk br molly cs dan rack vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm johan dahl pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject fwd enron resume interview james valverde vince james valverde confirmed face face interview thursday february lst pm pm interview itinerary please share james know interviewing please also tell want show floor suite etc assuming building smith st right discussed yet details regarding key skills qualifications looking candidate bright talented could please share via email phone looking candidate organization want put search together knowing want thank anything else interview thursday please let know respectfully johan pm wrote johan please confirm interview thursday next week vince johan dahl pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject fwd enron resume interview james valverde johan c dahl director energy staffing group management recruiters portland inc phone phone fax e mail jdahl mrportland com web www mrportland com html energy htm
"Subject: your riskmetrics site password  dear ,  thank you for registering .  your requested username is vincek and your password is longrun .  you may use this login to :  - use the data directory at http : / / www . riskmetrics . com / products / data / index . cgi  - access the creditmetrics datasets at  . html  - access the riskmetrics datasets at  tml  - read our technical documents at  - read our monitors at http : / / www . riskmetrics . com / research / journals / index . cgi  - read risk management : a practical guide at  please let us know if you have any questions or concerns ,  rmg web services  web @ riskmetrics . com",0,riskmetrics site password dear thank registering requested username vincek password longrun may use login use data directory http www riskmetrics com products data index cgi access creditmetrics datasets html access riskmetrics datasets tml read technical documents read monitors http www riskmetrics com research journals index cgi read risk management practical guide please let us know questions concerns rmg web services web riskmetrics com
"Subject: re : java training  stinson -  looks like we ' re in , to split the costs of the class with you . george will  contact you soon .  clayton  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by clayton vernon / corp / enron on 01 / 29 / 2001  08 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lloyd will @ ect  01 / 29 / 2001 08 : 38 am  to : george hopley / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : java training  sounds good .  george please coordinate our attendance .  thanks .  george hopley  01 / 27 / 2001 01 : 29 pm  to : lloyd will / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : java training  let ' s offer this to the analysts / specialists .  george  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george hopley / hou / ect on 01 / 27 / 2001 01 : 29  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  clayton vernon @ enron  01 / 27 / 2001 09 : 06 am  to : george hopley / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : java training  george -  here ' s the story .  research forwarded to their personnel a solicitation they received for java  training by an outside person , weeklong classes for true beginners and for  those with decent programming experience in other languages ( esp c + + ) . vince  had pre - agreed tlo pay for it for anyone who wanted it . but , the response  they got was so "" overwhelming "" they reconsidered , for financial reasons , and  decided it would be better to just hire a professor to teach a class for a  week here . the costs would be around $ 15 , 000 , and there should be room for  around 15 people in the class . they have 6 - 8 people , and wonder if we might  have some people who would want to do it ( a no - brainer - java is a big - time  resume pad these days ) and would be willing to share the costs with them .  what is your opinion on this ? personally , i think it ' s a relatively  inexpensive investment in our people , although , selfishly , it does increase  their ' market value ' so to speak . ( of course , nothing keeps directors from  going to the class as well : ) )  clayton",0,java training stinson looks like split costs class george contact soon clayton forwarded clayton vernon corp enron lloyd ect george hopley hou ect ect clayton vernon corp enron enron cc subject java training sounds good george please coordinate attendance thanks george hopley pm lloyd hou ect ect cc subject java training let offer analysts specialists george forwarded george hopley hou ect pm clayton vernon enron george hopley hou ect ect cc subject java training george story research forwarded personnel solicitation received java training outside person weeklong classes true beginners decent programming experience languages esp c vince pre agreed tlo pay anyone wanted response got overwhelming reconsidered financial reasons decided would better hire professor teach class week costs would around room around people class people wonder might people would want brainer java big time resume pad days would willing share costs opinion personally think relatively inexpensive investment people although selfishly increase market value speak course nothing keeps directors going class well clayton
"Subject: re : ewrm outline  vince  thanks - based on a "" speed read "" it would appear that srm sits neatly in the  volumetric part of your framework . regarding systems i am keen to preserve  the work kevin has already done and i suspect we can eventually use the  visualization tools in the risktrac front end to display the results should  we require .  to be honest , i feel a good deal more comfortable that there is already a  framework and initiative in place - its very easy to feel like the "" angry  lone voice "" in an effort like this - fortunately the practitioners of the art  of risk management generally travel in a similar direction !  i shall make sure our efforts remain in congruence .  rgds  dp  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 27 / 2000 04 : 21 pm  to : david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : ewrm outline  david ,  this is the outline of the ewrm project .  vince",0,ewrm outline vince thanks based speed read would appear srm sits neatly volumetric part framework regarding systems keen preserve work kevin already done suspect eventually use visualization tools risktrac front end display results require honest feel good deal comfortable already framework initiative place easy feel like angry lone voice effort like fortunately practitioners art risk management generally travel similar direction shall make sure efforts remain congruence rgds dp vince j kaminski ect pm david port market risk corp enron enron cc subject ewrm outline david outline ewrm project vince
"Subject: vacation day feb . 16  shirley ,  please put me down for a vacation day of feb . 16 .  thanks ,  stinson",0,vacation day feb shirley please put vacation day feb thanks stinson
Subject: 25 mg did thhe trick  ho receivable w to save on your medlcatlons over 70 % .  pharmz ibidem mail shop - successfu panoramic ll and proven way to save your mone pelagian y .  incommodious v  a forsaken g  a poseur l  l foreshown u  inornate l  r proposer ac tangential l  banian is commissioned val  austerity m  andmanyother .  * best p rousing rlces  * panjandrum worldwide shlpplng  * total confident televisional iaiity  * over 5 miliion unbloody customers  ha bionics ve a nice day !,1,mg thhe trick ho receivable w save medlcatlons pharmz ibidem mail shop successfu panoramic proven way save mone pelagian incommodious v forsaken g poseur l l foreshown u inornate l r proposer ac tangential l banian commissioned val austerity andmanyother best p rousing rlces panjandrum worldwide shlpplng total confident televisional iaiity miliion unbloody customers ha bionics nice day
"Subject: pdo ' s in the media  more about the pacific decadal oscillation . . .  q . will we have a drought in southern california ?  a . if the pacific decadal oscillation has switched we are likely to have  20 - 30 years with lower rainfall that  we have had since the late ' 70 ' s . we will still have winter rains , but  the number of really wet years is likely  to decrease .",0,pdo media pacific decadal oscillation q drought southern california pacific decadal oscillation switched likely years lower rainfall since late still winter rains number really wet years likely decrease
"Subject: contact details  dear mr . kaminski  it was good talking to you and i would like to thank you for your  interest in riskcare and willow . as discussed , i will contact you feb 1  to arrange a meeting . in the meantime please don ' t hesitate to contact  me if you have any further questions .  regards  manuel  manuel rensink  riskcare limited  piercy house  7 copthall avenue  london ec 2 r 7 nj  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 207 562 3414  email : mrensink @ riskcare . com  http : / / www . riskcare . com",0,contact details dear mr kaminski good talking would like thank interest riskcare willow discussed contact feb arrange meeting meantime please hesitate contact questions regards manuel manuel rensink riskcare limited piercy house copthall avenue london ec r nj tel email mrensink riskcare com http www riskcare com
"Subject: cera monthly oil briefing - cera alert - december 20 , 2000  title : cera monthly oil briefing : fundamentals update  e - mail category : cera monthly briefing  cera knowledge area : world oil  in the past two weeks , oil prices have sold off the premium or price strength  that had been built into the market in anticipation of possible shortages  this winter . the exact cause of the sharp switch in market psychology is hard  to pinpoint but seems to be a combination of very early signs that the oil  stock situation is at least stabilizing , even if stocks have not built  substantially , and that , thus far , despite a few weeks of colder - than - normal  temperatures , heating oil supply has been adequate to meet demand in the key  us market . that has allayed some of the concerns that were driving  speculative interest into the market . furthermore , the potential for weakness  in the us economy may be creating expectations for weaker oil demand in 2001 .  the change in market psychology was dramatically illustrated when news that  iraq was cutting off exports caused prices to slide , yet , the iraqi export  cutoff is having a concrete effect on fundamentals . if the cutoff lasts  through december , the effect will be pronounced - it would turn a projected  fourth quarter 2000 stockbuild of 0 . 5 million barrels per day ( mbd ) into a  stockdraw of 0 . 1 mbd . we expect iraqi production levels to remain erratic  because of its dispute with the un security council over sanctions , and  exports may again cease . at some point such a development would have a price  supportive effect .  cera ' s price outlook for 2001 remains the same as that in the world oil watch  released in late november . assuming normal winter weather and no prolonged or  repeated shutdowns of iraqi production , the projected average for first  quarter 2001 is $ 29 per barrel for wti . however , this outlook is based on  opec ' s announcing an agreement early in the first quarter to cut its  production by the start of the second quarter . a failure to restrain output  would result in a downward adjustment to an average of $ 27 wti for the first  quarter of 2001 , with prices lower in the second half of the quarter than in  the first . the downward pressure results from the prospect of a  larger - than - usual implied build in stocks during the second quarter of about  3 . 0 mbd - with a cut in opec output .  iraq in a twilight zone  as anticipated , iraq ceased exporting oil under the un - controlled "" oil for  food "" program as of december 1 in protest over the rejection by the security  council ' s sanctions committee of its proposed december export price schedule . *  iraq ' s pricing was judged by the un overseers , who monitor the export program  and advise the sanctions committee , to be about 60 cents per barrel below  comparable crudes in an apparent attempt to offset an illicit surcharge that  iraq was seeking from buyers .  although the standoff with the sanctions committee continues , iraq partially  resumed exporting on december 13 . since then , about 1 mbd has been exported  from the mina al - bakr terminal in the persian gulf . prior to the shutdown ,  iraqi exports under un auspices were at a rate of 2 . 21 mbd for november , as  compared with 2 . 08 mbd for the third quarter . exports for november were about  1 . 3 mbd from mina al - bakr and about 0 . 9 mbd from ceyhan in the mediterranean .  exports from ceyhan have not resumed , owing to the surcharge dispute , with  the result that about 1 . 2 mbd of iraqi crude remains off the market .  iraq ' s semi - shutdown has put it into a kind of twilight zone while its  dispute with the sanctions committee over pricing continues . ( in the midst of  this dispute , the un security council approved phase nine of the oil - for - food  program at the last minute on december 5 ; it became effective on december 6  and has been accepted by iraq ) . as of decemberl 9 , iraq ' s revised export price  for ceyhan , proposed for the remainder of december , has again been judged too  low by the overseers and is expected to be rejected by the sanctions  committee . additionally , the overseers have notified lifters of iraqi crude  that any oil payment made directly to iraq rather than to the un escrow  account would be a violation of un sanctions . buyers of iraqi oil from mina  al - bakr have consistently been reported as saying that they are not paying a  surcharge to iraq .  how long iraq may operate at about half capacity is unclear , but it continues  to request a surcharge payment from prospective lifters at ceyhan in an  apparent effort to circumvent and degrade the un financial controls that are  the heart of the sanctions system . the distinction that iraq has made between  mina al - bakr and ceyhan arose when it resumed operations at mina al - bakr by  loading two cargoes for the india oil company . iraq may have judged this  accommodation to be in its interest , since it recently also signed an oil  exploration contract with india under which payments would be made in oil . as  currently structured , the deal would violate un sanctions , but india is  seeking an exception from the security council on grounds of economic  hardship . the exception seems unlikely to be granted , which may lead iraq to  cease exports from mina al - bakr again .  there are many possible scenarios that iraq could follow , but we expect  uncertainty about iraqi exports to continue as iraq uses its oil exports as  leverage to undermine sanctions in its ongoing struggle with the security  council to end all restraints . consequently , the iraq factor will remain an  element in the oil price outlook .  iraq ' s antisanctions campaign has also raised the visibility of the iraq  issue in washington as the incoming bush administration prepares to take  office . secretary of state - designate colin powell has already acknowledged a  need to reassess iraq policy and has said that he would work to "" reenergize ""  sanctions . the iraq issue is being debated in virtually every foreign  policy - oriented think tank in washington . a consensus seems to be emerging  around seeking renewed international support and legitimacy for sanctions by  retaining un control over iraq ' s oil revenue and strictly enforcing a  prohibition on sales of weapons and related material while lifting general  trade controls that increasingly are both ineffective and an international  irritant . there is virtually no sentiment in favor of operations to  destabilize or remove the saddam hussein regime on the pragmatic basis that  the prospects for success are remote .  demand trends  record high us natural gas prices have increased the economic incentive for  gas consumers with the capability to switch from gas to distillate to do so ,  and reports of switching are emerging in a number of areas . interruptible gas  customers with resid or distillate fuel back - up have already switched to oil ,  so it is now firm gas supply customers with the potential to add to the  already high level of distillate demand . so far in december us distillate  demand is running at a record high december level of 3 . 9 mbd . however , only a  small portion of this demand is the result of economically based  fuel - switching from gas to distillate . cera estimates that the additional  demand likely to come from further switching of gas to distillate is  relatively small , on the order of 0 . 1 to 0 . 2 mbd . in cera ' s view it is likely  that only a portion of the theoretical capacity will be switched on short  notice because in some cases , this theoretically switchable capacity has not  been used in recent years , and tankage and delivery infrastructure may be in  uncertain condition .  switching by interruptible gas customers ( such as utilities ) to distillate  began about a month or more ago , although the volumes involved are relatively  small . switching to residual fuel already occurred months ago when gas prices  started to surge in the summer . a portion of the us secondary and tertiary  distillate stockbuild seen this autumn was likely prompted by interruptible  gas customers filling their reserve distillate fuel storage . given the  expectations of a tight gas market , regulators have been explicit about  enforcing back - up fuel storage requirements in the months leading up to the  current heating season .  other end users of natural gas have few or no options for fuel switching .  some ammonia and ethane producers have shut down operations because the cost  of feedstock natural gas is high . natural gas is also used in some enhanced  oil recovery operations , and some of these producers have also opted to sell  gas back to the grid rather than produce oil .  supply trends  non - opec supply for the fourth quarter is expected to be up 0 . 9 mbd over a  year earlier at 46 . 4 mbd . recent events include a shortfall in mexican  production , curtailed in october by about 300 , 000 bd owing to the effects of  hurricane keith . mexico ' s fourth quarter liquids production is expected to be  3 . 64 mbd - about 95 percent of mexican liquids capacity . norway ' s output  increased 200 , 000 bd from october to november as maintenance season ended .  norway ' s production for the fourth quarter is expected to be 3 . 53 mbd . *  growing russian crude oil production throughout the year is supporting a  recent surge in exports , in spite of higher export taxes . russian exports of  domestic oil production ( excluding transit volumes ) reached 2 . 5 mbd in  november , after remaining fairly steady at about 2 . 35 mbd from july though  october . fourth quarter oil exports are expected to average 2 . 5 mbd , 0 . 3 mbd  greater than in the fourth quarter 1999 .  cera estimates iraqi oil production averaged 2 . 91 mbd in november - down 0 . 1  mbd from the october level . the cutoff in exports earlier this month reduced  iraqi output for the first 12 days of december to roughly 0 . 8 mbd . iraq  resumed exports of about 1 mbd on december 13 , which raised production to  1 . 80 mbd . assuming no change in iraq ' s current production stance , iraqi  production would average 1 . 41 mbd for december . on a quarterly basis , the  decline in iraq output would lead to estimated opec output in the fourth  quarter of 29 . 0 mbd and would turn an estimated global oil stockbuild of 0 . 5  mbd into a stockdraw of 0 . 1 mbd . these production estimates include 0 . 15 mbd  of crude oil exports to syria that began on november 20 without un  authorization and are continuing .  oil stocks  us crude oil inventories ( doe data ) have climbed intermittently from an  annual low of 280 million barrels in september and reached 292 million  barrels in mid - december ( see figure 1 ) . since prices weakened in late  november , crude oil stocks have stabilized above the annual low in september  and the ranges seen in october to levels from 289 - 292 million barrels .  primary inventories of us heating oil remain well below year - earlier levels ;  at 48 million barrels they are 15 million barrels , or 24 percent less , than  those of a year ago , but there are indications of builds in secondary and  tertiary inventories . we estimate that wholesale and consumer stocks are up  5 - 10 million barrels since august and are actually higher than they were at  the end of last year .  in europe crude oil stocks are at more comfortable levels when compared with  those of the united states . in november stocks rose nearly 9 million barrels  to 426 million barrels . at this level they are below the highs of 1999 but  well above the low levels of early 1996 ( see figure 2 ) . japanese crude oil  inventories at end - october were 107 . 6 million barrels , which is above the  record low set earlier this year but still well below levels seen in recent  years ( see figure 3 ) .  come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , "" shooting the rapids :  strategies and risks for the energy future "" in houston , february 12 - 16 ,  2001 ! ? for more information and to register , please visit  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek /  to make changes to your cera . com account go to :  forgot your username and password ? go to :  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from  cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and  may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of  the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is  strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates",0,cera monthly oil briefing cera alert december title cera monthly oil briefing fundamentals update e mail category cera monthly briefing cera knowledge area world oil past two weeks oil prices sold premium price strength built market anticipation possible shortages winter exact cause sharp switch market psychology hard pinpoint seems combination early signs oil stock situation least stabilizing even stocks built substantially thus far despite weeks colder normal temperatures heating oil supply adequate meet demand key us market allayed concerns driving speculative interest market furthermore potential weakness us economy may creating expectations weaker oil demand change market psychology dramatically illustrated news iraq cutting exports caused prices slide yet iraqi export cutoff concrete effect fundamentals cutoff lasts december effect pronounced would turn projected fourth quarter stockbuild million barrels per day mbd stockdraw mbd expect iraqi production levels remain erratic dispute un security council sanctions exports may cease point development would price supportive effect cera price outlook remains world oil watch released late november assuming normal winter weather prolonged repeated shutdowns iraqi production projected average first quarter per barrel wti however outlook based opec announcing agreement early first quarter cut production start second quarter failure restrain output would result downward adjustment average wti first quarter prices lower second half quarter first downward pressure results prospect larger usual implied build stocks second quarter mbd cut opec output iraq twilight zone anticipated iraq ceased exporting oil un controlled oil food program december protest rejection security council sanctions committee proposed december export price schedule iraq pricing judged un overseers monitor export program advise sanctions committee cents per barrel comparable crudes apparent attempt offset illicit surcharge iraq seeking buyers although standoff sanctions committee continues iraq partially resumed exporting december since mbd exported mina al bakr terminal persian gulf prior shutdown iraqi exports un auspices rate mbd november compared mbd third quarter exports november mbd mina al bakr mbd ceyhan mediterranean exports ceyhan resumed owing surcharge dispute result mbd iraqi crude remains market iraq semi shutdown put kind twilight zone dispute sanctions committee pricing continues midst dispute un security council approved phase nine oil food program last minute december became effective december accepted iraq decemberl iraq revised export price ceyhan proposed remainder december judged low overseers expected rejected sanctions committee additionally overseers notified lifters iraqi crude oil payment made directly iraq rather un escrow account would violation un sanctions buyers iraqi oil mina al bakr consistently reported saying paying surcharge iraq long iraq may operate half capacity unclear continues request surcharge payment prospective lifters ceyhan apparent effort circumvent degrade un financial controls heart sanctions system distinction iraq made mina al bakr ceyhan arose resumed operations mina al bakr loading two cargoes india oil company iraq may judged accommodation interest since recently also signed oil exploration contract india payments would made oil currently structured deal would violate un sanctions india seeking exception security council grounds economic hardship exception seems unlikely granted may lead iraq cease exports mina al bakr many possible scenarios iraq could follow expect uncertainty iraqi exports continue iraq uses oil exports leverage undermine sanctions ongoing struggle security council end restraints consequently iraq factor remain element oil price outlook iraq antisanctions campaign also raised visibility iraq issue washington incoming bush administration prepares take office secretary state designate colin powell already acknowledged need reassess iraq policy said would work reenergize sanctions iraq issue debated virtually every foreign policy oriented think tank washington consensus seems emerging around seeking renewed international support legitimacy sanctions retaining un control iraq oil revenue strictly enforcing prohibition sales weapons related material lifting general trade controls increasingly ineffective international irritant virtually sentiment favor operations destabilize remove saddam hussein regime pragmatic basis prospects success remote demand trends record high us natural gas prices increased economic incentive gas consumers capability switch gas distillate reports switching emerging number areas interruptible gas customers resid distillate fuel back already switched oil firm gas supply customers potential add already high level distillate demand far december us distillate demand running record high december level mbd however small portion demand result economically based fuel switching gas distillate cera estimates additional demand likely come switching gas distillate relatively small order mbd cera view likely portion theoretical capacity switched short notice cases theoretically switchable capacity used recent years tankage delivery infrastructure may uncertain condition switching interruptible gas customers utilities distillate began month ago although volumes involved relatively small switching residual fuel already occurred months ago gas prices started surge summer portion us secondary tertiary distillate stockbuild seen autumn likely prompted interruptible gas customers filling reserve distillate fuel storage given expectations tight gas market regulators explicit enforcing back fuel storage requirements months leading current heating season end users natural gas options fuel switching ammonia ethane producers shut operations cost feedstock natural gas high natural gas also used enhanced oil recovery operations producers also opted sell gas back grid rather produce oil supply trends non opec supply fourth quarter expected mbd year earlier mbd recent events include shortfall mexican production curtailed october bd owing effects hurricane keith mexico fourth quarter liquids production expected mbd percent mexican liquids capacity norway output increased bd october november maintenance season ended norway production fourth quarter expected mbd growing russian crude oil production throughout year supporting recent surge exports spite higher export taxes russian exports domestic oil production excluding transit volumes reached mbd november remaining fairly steady mbd july though october fourth quarter oil exports expected average mbd mbd greater fourth quarter cera estimates iraqi oil production averaged mbd november mbd october level cutoff exports earlier month reduced iraqi output first days december roughly mbd iraq resumed exports mbd december raised production mbd assuming change iraq current production stance iraqi production would average mbd december quarterly basis decline iraq output would lead estimated opec output fourth quarter mbd would turn estimated global oil stockbuild mbd stockdraw mbd production estimates include mbd crude oil exports syria began november without un authorization continuing oil stocks us crude oil inventories doe data climbed intermittently annual low million barrels september reached million barrels mid december see figure since prices weakened late november crude oil stocks stabilized annual low september ranges seen october levels million barrels primary inventories us heating oil remain well year earlier levels million barrels million barrels percent less year ago indications builds secondary tertiary inventories estimate wholesale consumer stocks million barrels since august actually higher end last year europe crude oil stocks comfortable levels compared united states november stocks rose nearly million barrels million barrels level highs well low levels early see figure japanese crude oil inventories end october million barrels record low set earlier year still well levels seen recent years see figure come shoot rapids us ceraweek shooting rapids strategies risks energy future houston february information register please visit http www cera com ceraweek make changes cera com account go forgot username password go http www cera com client forgot electronic message attachments contain information cambridge energy research associates inc cera confidential may privileged unauthorized disclosure copying distribution use contents message attachments whole part strictly prohibited terms use http www cera com tos questions comments webmaster cera com copyright cambridge energy research associates
"Subject: the reason to sh . op in our zone ? for sav . vings .  running short of tablet . supplies ? uncover hovv others s . ave on medicaments .  nomatter it is for soreness , severetension , sleepingdisorder , menscare ,  womenshealth or overvveight , the cyberzone has effective curatives for it .  the generic equivalents might be a better option for sho . ppers who vvant to  s . ave on medicaments . there is a great assortment of generics at our  medzone .  unveil fantastic . deals in our medzone .  in the orderstatus , there is the latest info . on the carriages and orders .  http : / / t . 2 k . valuecreatorforall . com / d 2 /  vov ! lead you to simple sav . vings .  n light enough , - conv really so , i should do just the same in her place .  if i loved a man ,  and tried to be cool and unconcerned . her distress returned ,  eyed her up stairs to her own room with all  speed ; and imm as she loves the admiral , i would always be with him ,  nothing should ever  ediately dispatc 1 hed ham peggott 7 y , her nephew , who had been for s",1,reason sh op zone sav vings running short tablet supplies uncover hovv others ave medicaments nomatter soreness severetension sleepingdisorder menscare womenshealth overvveight cyberzone effective curatives generic equivalents might better option sho ppers vvant ave medicaments great assortment generics medzone unveil fantastic deals medzone orderstatus latest info carriages orders http k valuecreatorforall com vov lead simple sav vings n light enough conv really place loved man tried cool unconcerned distress returned eyed stairs room speed imm loves admiral would always nothing ever ediately dispatc hed ham peggott nephew
Subject: oreo cookies nationwide survey - win a years supply of oreos .  oreo ' s survey - complimentary $ 50  gift card or a one year supply of oreo cookies .  upwhyvkg,1,oreo cookies nationwide survey win years supply oreos oreo survey complimentary gift card one year supply oreo cookies upwhyvkg
"Subject: will this stox rock ?  we told you to watch ! ! !  it ' s still not too late !  trading alert ! ! !  timing is everything ! ! !  profits of 200 - 400 % expected trading  symbol : cdgt . ob  opening price : 3 . 15  yes , it is moving , wednesday could be even bigger ! ! !  10 day target : $ 7 - $ 8  news alert !  * * * * press release * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * press release * * * *  press release source : china digital media corporation  china digital media corporation announces an acquisition of a media and  advertising agent in china  hong kong , july 13 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation  ( "" digimedia "" ) ( otc : cdgt . ob ; otc bulletin board : cdgt . ob ) with its subsidiaries  ( together the "" group "" ) announced today that the group signed a shares  transfer agreement ( the "" agreement "" ) to acquire an advertising sales agent ,  guangdong m - rider media company limited ( "" guangdong m - rider "" ) , a limited  company registered in guangdong in the peoples republic of china . the  principal operating activities of guangdong m - rider are in design ,  production and distribution of advertisements through television channels .  guangdong m - rider is one of the top five reputed advertising agents in the  guangdong province and is currently a sole advertising distributor for a  number of television channels in guangdong province and in guangzhou city .  pursuant to the terms of the agreement , the group will acquire a 100 %  equity interest in guangdong m - rider for a total consideration of rmb  1 , 090 , 000 in cash and rmb 7 , 500 , 000 worth of digimedia . s restricted common  shares . the management of guangdong m - rider in the agreement warrants that  the net operating cash inflow in the first year will not be less than rmb  10 , 000 , 000 .  cdgt . ob is expecting to make an acquisition , once this announcement comes out  the street should give applause in the form of upward movement in the stock  price . the stock could trade around $ 6 - $ 8 per share on this type of news .  get in now ! ! ! you know the old saying , buy on the rumor and sell on the news .  once the news is out it is time to get ready for next valley .  a $ 1 , 000 dollar investment could yield a $ 5 , 000 dollar profit in  just one trade if you trade out at the top . cdgt . ob should be one of the  most profitable stocks to trade this year . in this range the stock has  potential to move in either direction in bigs wings . this means you  should be able to buy at the lows and sell at the highs for months to come .  you could make $ $ $ thousands of dollars $ $ $ trading .  cdgt . ob over and over again .  cdgt . ob is also on the reg sho threshold list , this means someone is short the  stock . any significant volume spike in chms could yield drastic results .  if the people that are short have to cover , they will be buying the shares  from you at higher prices . this makes this stock a triple play for profits .  for pennies you can participate in a stock that could yield results over  and over again just based on the trading patterns if the company is  able to effectuate it ' s business model .  watch out ! ! !  we could see a great story in the making .  good luck and trade out at the top ! ! ! !  disclaimer :  information within this email contains "" forwardlooking statements "" within  the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of  the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve  discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,  plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or  performance are not statements of historical fact and may be "" forward  looking statements "" . "" forward looking statements "" are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made  that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual  results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use  of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" , "" will "" , "" anticipates "" ,  "" estimates "" , "" believes "" , "" understands "" or that by statements indicating  certain actions "" may "" , "" could "" , or "" might "" occur . risk factors include  general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop  specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer  and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has  little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent  that the information contained in this message states all material facts or  does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to  investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and  not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers  and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities  representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this  email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any  kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on  the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this  stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .  the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or  investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section  17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred  thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or  affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an  inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the  fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without  notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing  you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from  public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites  and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this  information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or  completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your  acceptance of these terms .",1,stox rock told watch still late trading alert timing everything profits expected trading symbol cdgt ob opening price yes moving wednesday could even bigger day target news alert press release press release press release press release source china digital media corporation china digital media corporation announces acquisition media advertising agent china hong kong july xinhua prnewswire china digital media corporation digimedia otc cdgt ob otc bulletin board cdgt ob subsidiaries together group announced today group signed shares transfer agreement agreement acquire advertising sales agent guangdong rider media company limited guangdong rider limited company registered guangdong peoples republic china principal operating activities guangdong rider design production distribution advertisements television channels guangdong rider one top five reputed advertising agents guangdong province currently sole advertising distributor number television channels guangdong province guangzhou city pursuant terms agreement group acquire equity interest guangdong rider total consideration rmb cash rmb worth digimedia restricted common shares management guangdong rider agreement warrants net operating cash inflow first year less rmb cdgt ob expecting make acquisition announcement comes street give applause form upward movement stock price stock could trade around per share type news get know old saying buy rumor sell news news time get ready next valley dollar investment could yield dollar profit one trade trade top cdgt ob one profitable stocks trade year range stock potential move either direction bigs wings means able buy lows sell highs months come could make thousands dollars trading cdgt ob cdgt ob also reg sho threshold list means someone short stock significant volume spike chms could yield drastic results people short cover buying shares higher prices makes stock triple play profits pennies participate stock could yield results based trading patterns company able effectuate business model watch could see great story making good luck trade top disclaimer information within email contains forwardlooking statements within meaning section aof securities act section b securities exchange act statements express involve discussions respect predictions expectations beliefs plans projections objectives goals assumptions future events performance statements historical fact may forward looking statements forward looking statements based expectations estimates projections time statements made involve number risks uncertainties could cause actual results events differ materially presently anticipated forward looking statements action may identified use words projects foresee expects anticipates estimates believes understands statements indicating certain actions may could might occur risk factors include general economic business conditions ability acquire develop specific projects ability fund operations changes consumer business consumption habits factors overwhich company little control publisher newsletter represent information contained message states material facts omit material fact necessary make statements therein misleading information provided within email pertaining investing stocks securities must understood information provided investment advice publisher newsletter advises readers subscribers seek advice registered professional securities representative deciding trade stocks featured within email none material within report shall construed kind investment advice solicitation many companies verge bankruptcy lose money investing stock urge read company sec filings invest publisher newsletter registered invstment advisor subscribers view information herein legal tax accounting investment advice compliance securitiesact section b publisher newsletter contracted receive six hundred thousand free trading shares third party officer director affiliate shareholder circulation report aware inherent conflict interest resulting compensation due fact paid advertisement without bias party paid us position stock sell anytime without notice could negative impact price stock causing lose money factual information report gathered public sources including limited sec filings company websites company press releases publisher newsletter believes information reliable make guarantee accuracy completeness use material within email constitutes acceptance terms
"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miilions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1,ready get hello viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction like one jokes sais strong enough man made woman orderinq viaqra online convinient fast secure way miilions people daiiy save privacy money order
"Subject: re : fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago  stinson ,  can you ask alex and tanya to interview this guy ?  i wan to make a recommendation to celeste based on  an this interview .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001  05 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  celeste roberts  01 / 18 / 2001 04 : 33 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : paul lebeau / na / enron @ enron  subject : re : fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago  vince :  have you had a chance to interview ? if not , we can make arrangements to have  candidate interviewed when we go to chicago for summer associate interviews .  let me know and i will get the chicago recruiter to add to schedule .  vince j kaminski  01 / 17 / 2001 03 : 51 pm  to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago  celeste ,  i am a very good customer of your group .  this is another student ( this time from chicago ) i would be glad to take into  the group  as an intern . the resume is attached at the bottom of this message .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2001  03 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  li xiao on 01 / 13 / 2001 01 : 41 : 29 pm  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc :  subject : fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago  hi , vince ,  this is li , writing from u . of chicago .  i am in the second quarter here .  the study and social life is extremely busy at the school .  but i enjoy connecting the knowledge i learn everyday here  with the experience i had with enron .  a schoolmate of mine , a chicago ph . d . candidate in finance ,  is looking for an internship for the coming summer .  i recommend him to write to you to see if you are interested in  or if there is a need . if so , you can contact with him directly .  he is a really bright guy . if not , hope you don ' t mind that  i sell enron at school so hard .  again , thanks for all the help you gave me .  have a good new year .  li  p . s . : cover letter below and resume attached .  li xiao  university of chicago  graduate school of business , class of 2002  ( 773 ) 955 - 0710  dear dr . vince kaminski ,  i am a ph . d . student in finance at the university of chicago gsb who =  hopes to find a summer internship at enron of 2001 ( between june and =  september ) . i heard your group from my friend li , who worked at enron =  for 3 year . she spoke highly of you . if it ' s okay , i am primarily =  interested in risk management .  at the university of chicago , i will have completed all the ph . d . =  courses in the area of finance by the end of the first year . as normally =  it takes two years to finish the required finance courses , i decided to =  take all the finance courses in the first year . in the fall quarter , i =  already took empirical asset pricing and theoretical asset pricing and =  did very well . in the winter quarter , i will be taking corporate =  finance , continuous time finance and behavioral finance . i am exposed to =  all fields of finance . prior to coming to chicago , i received a master ' s =  degree in economics at washington university in saint louis where i =  acquired skills in economic analysis . i also have a strong background in =  statistics and mathematics . this makes me believe that i have acquired =  the ability to do financial research .  prior to coming to the united state , i was an outstanding graduate from =  beijing university , china . i was the founder and president of beijng =  univeristy society of oceanology . i also organized a research jouney in =  the round - the - bo - sea economic region . these experience helped to hone my =  communication and interpersonal skills .  as illustrated above , my skills and expertise are ideally suited for =  financial research . my resume is enclosed . in the event that you think =  an interview is in need , my time is very flexible . your assistance is =  appreciated .  sincerely yours ,  jason chen ( huafeng )  6022 s . drexel ave , apt 612  chicago , il 60637  ( 773 ) 955 - 0348  - resume . doc",0,fwd summer internship ph chicago stinson ask alex tanya interview guy wan make recommendation celeste based interview vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm celeste roberts pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc paul lebeau na enron enron subject fwd summer internship ph chicago vince chance interview make arrangements candidate interviewed go chicago summer associate interviews let know get chicago recruiter add schedule vince j kaminski pm celeste roberts hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fwd summer internship ph chicago celeste good customer group another student time chicago would glad take group intern resume attached bottom message vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm li xiao pm vkamins ect enron com cc subject fwd summer internship ph chicago hi vince li writing u chicago second quarter study social life extremely busy school enjoy connecting knowledge learn everyday experience enron schoolmate mine chicago ph candidate finance looking internship coming summer recommend write see interested need contact directly really bright guy hope mind sell enron school hard thanks help gave good new year li p cover letter resume attached li xiao university chicago graduate school business class dear dr vince kaminski ph student finance university chicago gsb hopes find summer internship enron june september heard group friend li worked enron year spoke highly okay primarily interested risk management university chicago completed ph courses area finance end first year normally takes two years finish required finance courses decided take finance courses first year fall quarter already took empirical asset pricing theoretical asset pricing well winter quarter taking corporate finance continuous time finance behavioral finance exposed fields finance prior coming chicago received master degree economics washington university saint louis acquired skills economic analysis also strong background statistics mathematics makes believe acquired ability financial research prior coming united state outstanding graduate beijing university china founder president beijng univeristy society oceanology also organized research jouney round bo sea economic region experience helped hone communication interpersonal skills illustrated skills expertise ideally suited financial research resume enclosed event think interview need time flexible assistance appreciated sincerely jason chen huafeng drexel ave apt chicago il resume doc
"Subject: re : eol wti historical trade simulation  stinson ,  thanks a lot for so much work you have done for the simulation model .  it seems that our work will make an impact on eol trading , that is very  exciting .  could you e - mail me the spreadsheet model so that i can catch up with  the changes you have made ?  i read a few books during this vocation . especially a stochastic processes  book , i finished the entire book . the queueing theory is very fascinating ,  and hopefully we can apply the theory to a real ebs project .  i will take my family out to see the nature bridge caverns near san antonio  tomorrow .  see you on tuesday .  happy new year !  zimin  stinson gibner  12 / 27 / 2000 08 : 09 pm  to : greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : eol wti historical trade simulation  greg ,  here are results corrected for spread profit per round - trip transaction .  prior results incorrectly counted a spread profit per trade .  stinson",0,eol wti historical trade simulation stinson thanks lot much work done simulation model seems work make impact eol trading exciting could e mail spreadsheet model catch changes made read books vocation especially stochastic processes book finished entire book queueing theory fascinating hopefully apply theory real ebs project take family see nature bridge caverns near san antonio tomorrow see tuesday happy new year zimin stinson gibner pm greg whalley hou ect ect john j lavorato corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect subject eol wti historical trade simulation greg results corrected spread profit per round trip transaction prior results incorrectly counted spread profit per trade stinson
"Subject: re : ed krapels  louise ,  thanks . his e - mail address is ekrapels @ esaibos . com . the company  coordinates are as follows :  esai  301 edgewater place , suite 108  wakefield , ma 01880  ( 781 ) 245 - 2036  ( 781 ) 245 - 8706  vince  louise kitchen  02 / 11 / 2000 05 : 13 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : ed krapels  absolutely - i can ' t find the previous email but it may have been lost during  the few days they moved my email box from london to houston - i know i had a  lot of lost emails - do you have his phone number and email and we can sort  out a password for a few days for him too .  louise  vince j kaminski  10 / 02 / 2000 22 : 15  to : louise kitchen / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : ed krapels  louise ,  some time ago i sent you a message regarding ed krapels . he is writing a book  on energy  commodity markets and would like to learn more about eol .  can you give him a call and chat with him for 10 minutes . he is a good  friend of enron and  it would be free ad for us .  vince",0,ed krapels louise thanks e mail address ekrapels esaibos com company coordinates follows esai edgewater place suite wakefield vince louise kitchen pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject ed krapels absolutely find previous email may lost days moved email box london houston know lot lost emails phone number email sort password days louise vince j kaminski louise kitchen lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject ed krapels louise time ago sent message regarding ed krapels writing book energy commodity markets would like learn eol give call chat minutes good friend enron would free ad us vince
"Subject: re : opportunities  lloyd ,  yes , i would be very interested .  vince  lloyd will  10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 45 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : opportunities  vince would you be interested in this professional .  i would be glad to facilitate a conference call .  thanks .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lloyd will / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 43 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" sheble , g . b . "" on 10 / 17 / 2000 04 : 52 : 57 pm  to : "" ' lloyd . will @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : opportunities  loyd  i tried to call yesterday , but you were out of the office . my schedule  follows , would you want to pick a time for me to call you or send me a list  of times to pick ?  gerry  fall 2000 teaching schedule  ee 553 mtwr 10 - 11 am curtis hall 308  engr 161 mw 2 - 4 howe hall 2228  other commitments  m 11 - 12 ep & es  m 1 - 2 office hours  t 12 - 2 ep & es seminar  t 2 - 3 office hours  t 3 - 4 pserc  t 5 - 6 epri - dod  w 11 - 12 office hours  w 4 - 9 dsm  r 11 - 12 office hours  f 11 - 12 p & t  f 1 - 3 cas  f 3 - 4 departmental meeting  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lloyd . will @ enron . com [ mailto : lloyd . will @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , october 16 , 2000 8 : 00 am  to : sheble , g . b .  subject : re : opportunities  give me a call any time to discuss things .  713 - 853 - 3383 .  thanks .  "" sheble , g . b . "" on 10 / 15 / 2000 02 : 17 : 02 pm  to : lloyd will / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : opportunities  lloyd  i am attaching another resume for your review , please pass it along if  there  is any interest .  i would also like to discuss opportunities with you as i expect to graduate  with my mba summer 2001 .  cordially ,  gerry  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  gerald b . shebl ,  professor , electrical and computer engineering  director of complex adaptive systems program  1115 coover hall  ames , iowa 50011  voice : 515 . 294 . 3046  fax : 515 . 294 . 4263  email : gsheble @ iastate . edu  web : http : / / www . ee . iastate . edu / ~ sheble /  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =",0,opportunities lloyd yes would interested vince lloyd pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject opportunities vince would interested professional would glad facilitate conference call thanks forwarded lloyd hou ect pm sheble g b pm lloyd enron com cc subject opportunities loyd tried call yesterday office schedule follows would want pick time call send list times pick gerry fall teaching schedule ee mtwr curtis hall engr mw howe hall commitments ep es office hours ep es seminar office hours pserc epri dod w office hours w dsm r office hours f p f cas f departmental meeting original message lloyd enron com mailto lloyd enron com sent monday october sheble g b subject opportunities give call time discuss things thanks sheble g b pm lloyd hou ect ect cc subject opportunities lloyd attaching another resume review please pass along interest would also like discuss opportunities expect graduate mba summer cordially gerry gerald b shebl professor electrical computer engineering director complex adaptive systems program coover hall ames iowa voice fax email gsheble iastate edu web http www ee iastate edu sheble
"Subject: for your information  this has been our final notification  we have aimed to make contact with you on a lot periods and we hope for you reply this time !  your current home loan makes you eligible for you for up to a 3 . 70 % lower rate .  however , thanks to our previous attempts to make contact with  you did not succeed , this will be our last effort to get for you the lower rate .  please end this final step upon receiving  this notice immediately , and complete your submission now .  apply here .  if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so .",1,information final notification aimed make contact lot periods hope reply time current home loan makes eligible lower rate however thanks previous attempts make contact succeed last effort get lower rate please end final step upon receiving notice immediately complete submission apply decision make use final offer going help
Subject: click here to improve your wellbeing today  best prescription generic meds 4 less .  that ' s the secret to life . . . replace one worry with another . . . .  human nature constitutes a part of the evidence in every case .  from the still - vexed bermoothes .,1,click improve wellbeing today best prescription generic meds less secret life replace one worry another human nature constitutes part evidence every case still vexed bermoothes
Subject: no # 1 drug for male impotence  buy cheap prescriptions online  http : / / fre . ix 3 tmjitfsi 8 ml 0 . cisekldej . com  ambition is a dream with a v 8 engine .  accidents will occur in the best regulated families .  being kind to your dog doesn ' t make you a better artist .,1,drug male impotence buy cheap prescriptions online http fre ix tmjitfsi ml cisekldej com ambition dream v engine accidents occur best regulated families kind dog make better artist
"Subject: re : from a previous summer intern  dear giuseppe :  unfortunately , i am no longer with the associate and analyst recruiting department and will be unable to assist you directly . please contact tracy warner , who is now responsible for recruiting . she will be able to assist you directly . tracy can be contacted at tracy . warner @ enron . com . i would also recommend having vince kaminski contact her as well to ensure that all communications are in order .  best regards ,  celeste roberts  giuseppe andrea paleologo @ stanford . edu on 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 53 : 39 pm  please respond to gappy @ stanford . edu  sent by : gappy @ stanford . edu  to : celeste roberts  cc :  subject : from a previous summer intern  celeste , my name is giuseppe a . paleologo and you amy remember me : i was  a summer intern last summer in the research group , and attended the  hiring event this year at stanford . in that occasion i had an informal  offer from vince kaminski , and the assurance that i would receive a  written one in the following two weeks , but since then i have not  received any letter from enron . i would like to know if the offer is  still valid , and if it has been sent . i am asking because i am in the  process of evaluating my offers , and would like to wait for enron before  i make my final decision .  thanks in advance ,  giuseppe paleologo  - -  giuseppe a . paleologo  email : gappy @ stanford . edu  office phone : ( 650 ) 725 - 0541",0,previous summer intern dear giuseppe unfortunately longer associate analyst recruiting department unable assist directly please contact tracy warner responsible recruiting able assist directly tracy contacted tracy warner enron com would also recommend vince kaminski contact well ensure communications order best regards celeste roberts giuseppe andrea paleologo stanford edu pm please respond gappy stanford edu sent gappy stanford edu celeste roberts cc subject previous summer intern celeste name giuseppe paleologo amy remember summer intern last summer research group attended hiring event year stanford occasion informal offer vince kaminski assurance would receive written one following two weeks since received letter enron would like know offer still valid sent asking process evaluating offers would like wait enron make final decision thanks advance giuseppe paleologo giuseppe paleologo email gappy stanford edu office phone
"Subject: baxter 16 oct . please review the following ticketed itinerary  vince ,  attached is a copy of my agenda for today ' s trip to berkeley . also , my cell  phone number is 281 - 793 - 0567 .  thanks ,  ashley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ashley baxter / corp / enron on 10 / 16 / 2000  08 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  diane fitzgerald on 10 / 13 / 2000 05 : 36 : 50 pm  to : "" ' ashley baxter @ 7136463011 ' ""  cc : "" ' ashley . baxter @ enron . com ' ""  subject : baxter 16 oct . please review the following ticketed itinerary  baxter / ashley  eb 3614  etkt receipt  enron broadband services  date : oct 13 2000  service date from to depart arrive  continental airlines 16 oct houston tx san f ca 1155 a 158 p  co 1511 y mon g . bush interco san francisco  terminal c terminal s  snack non stop  reservation confirmed 4 : 03 duration  aircraft : mcdonnell douglas all md - 80 series  seat 09 d no smoking confirmed baxter / ashley ( i  continental airlines 17 oct oakland ca houston tx 630 a 1229 p  co 1720 y tue international g . bush interco  terminal 1 terminal c  snack non stop  reservation confirmed 3 : 59 duration  aircraft : boeing 737 - 500  seat 07 a no smoking confirmed baxter / ashley ( i  aisle seat unavailable . req again at ck in . window confirmed  your etkt confirmation number is : m x n c v t  miscellaneous 16 dec houston tx  sat * * thank you for using the tap * *  reservation number ( s ) co / mxncvt  baxter / ashley soc 083 erl 028  co frequent flyer cofcl 37772  ashley baxter 713 853 - 3589  intl tvlrs : carry sos wallet card w / enronassistance info  call sos : in u . s 800 523 - 6586 / intl 215 245 - 4707 ( collect )  this is the passenger receipt for your electronic ticket .  please check - in with photo identification and with  either ( 1 ) this receipt or ( 2 ) your confirmation number .  your etkt confirmation number is : m x n c v t  regards ,  diana fitzgerald  ( 713 ) 650 - 8080 ext . 1152  ( 713 ) 860 - 1152 - direct line  the travel agency in the park",0,baxter oct please review following ticketed itinerary vince attached copy agenda today trip berkeley also cell phone number thanks ashley forwarded ashley baxter corp enron diane fitzgerald pm ashley baxter cc ashley baxter enron com subject baxter oct please review following ticketed itinerary baxter ashley eb etkt receipt enron broadband services date oct service date depart arrive continental airlines oct houston tx san f ca p co mon g bush interco san francisco terminal c terminal snack non stop reservation confirmed duration aircraft mcdonnell douglas md series seat smoking confirmed baxter ashley continental airlines oct oakland ca houston tx p co tue international g bush interco terminal terminal c snack non stop reservation confirmed duration aircraft boeing seat smoking confirmed baxter ashley aisle seat unavailable req ck window confirmed etkt confirmation number x n c v miscellaneous dec houston tx sat thank using tap reservation number co mxncvt baxter ashley soc erl co frequent flyer cofcl ashley baxter intl tvlrs carry sos wallet card w enronassistance info call sos u intl collect passenger receipt electronic ticket please check photo identification either receipt confirmation number etkt confirmation number x n c v regards diana fitzgerald ext direct line travel agency park
"Subject: re : statistician from rice  osman ,  this guy is too much .  i would tell him that we understand  that he has to make the best choice  for himself and can change his mind but at this point we treat  his decision as final but we still appreciate the interest he showed  in enron .  we never had any luck hiring a statistician .  maybe we shall get one some day .  vince  osman sezgen @ ees  04 / 20 / 2001 11 : 54 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : statistician from rice  i had a message on my phone this morning from william indicating that  he had changed his mind and will be taking another job . he also mentions that  the other organization will give him time to publish his thesis and he  assumes  enron would not do that .  i am inclined to give up on him but wanted to get your input before doing so .  osman",0,statistician rice osman guy much would tell understand make best choice change mind point treat decision final still appreciate interest showed enron never luck hiring statistician maybe shall get one day vince osman sezgen ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect cc subject statistician rice message phone morning william indicating changed mind taking another job also mentions organization give time publish thesis assumes enron would inclined give wanted get input osman
Subject: request submitted : access request for amitava . dhar @ enron . com  you have received this email because the requester specified you as their  manager . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000011185  request create date : 12 / 21 / 00 4 : 20 : 10 pm  requested for : amitava . dhar @ enron . com  resource name : unlisted application / software  resource type : applications,0,request submitted access request amitava dhar enron com received email requester specified manager please click approval review act upon request request id request create date pm requested amitava dhar enron com resource name unlisted application software resource type applications
"Subject: my students  dear vincent ,  i spoke with my students yesterday and they told me they have thought  about coming to see you again , and they think it ' ll be much better in  the future when they are closer to completion of their ph . d . i think this  is a very sound idea , but i wanted to give them anyway the opportunity  to see the actual working environment at a place like enron . they are both  very serious and responsible , so they feel they had better go see you when  they would be in a better disposition to give more of themselves to enron .  they are both superb students and very hard working individuals , so i do  hope you will consider checking them out in the future ( within a year -  year and a half ) .  i will contact you and / or stinson in the future when they are closer  to finishing up .  best ,  carlos",0,students dear vincent spoke students yesterday told thought coming see think much better future closer completion ph think sound idea wanted give anyway opportunity see actual working environment place like enron serious responsible feel better go see would better disposition give enron superb students hard working individuals hope consider checking future within year year half contact stinson future closer finishing best carlos
"Subject: re : tiger team event  michele ,  i have defined the project for the students . it ' s one project that is  divided into three sections .  feel free to stop by to talk about it .  vince  from : michele nezi marvin @ enron communications on 01 / 03 / 2001 05 : 33 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : tiger team event  i understand that you have been involved with the wharton tiger teams . i am  the commerical team lead for wharton recruiting . do you know the 3 projects  that the students are working on and who within enron is working with them on  the projects ?  thanks for helping to facilitate this opportunity for wharton students .  michele nezi marvin  manager  enron broadband services  ( 713 ) 853 - 6848  - - - - - forwarded by michele nezi marvin / enron communications on 01 / 03 / 01 05 : 34  pm - - - - -  kristin gandy @ enron  01 / 02 / 01 11 : 30 am  to : michele nezi marvin / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : re : tiger team event  i will try to get that information from christie .  from : michele nezi marvin @ enron communications on 01 / 01 / 2001 06 : 38 pm  to : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : tiger team event  i can attend . do you know any of the details of the tiger team project and  who they are working with ? also , names of the students would be helpful . so  we can see if any are applying for summer positions .  michele nezi marvin  manager  enron broadband services  ( 713 ) 853 - 6848  kristin gandy @ enron  12 / 28 / 00 10 : 28 am  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , william keeney / hou / ect @ ect , catherine  clark / hou / ect @ ect , rajesh chettiar / enron _ development @ enron _ development , tom  dutta / hou / ect @ ect , jayshree desai / hou / ect @ ect , colin jackson / enron  communications @ enron communications , laura howenstine / enron  communications @ enron communications , michele nezi marvin / enron  communications @ enron communications , jennifer fraser / hou / ect @ ect , natalie  halich / enron communications @ enron communications , ranabir  dutt / corp / enron @ enron , teresa dyar / na / enron @ enron , jeff golden / hou / ees @ ees ,  charles ward / corp / enron @ enron , sarah wesner / corp / enron @ enron , li  sun / na / enron @ enron , gillian johnson / na / enron @ enron , lisa  connolly / na / enron @ enron , michael j popkin / na / enron @ enron , kevin  mcgowan / corp / enron @ enron , evan betzer / enron communications @ enron  communications , jebong lee / enron communications @ enron communications , chu chu  wang / corp / enron @ enron , brad hitch / eu / enron @ enron , betsy bassis / enron  communications @ enron communications , matthew goering / hou / ect @ ect , claude  tellis / enron @ enronxgate  cc : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  subject : tiger team event  hello team ,  i hope that everyone had a wonderful and restful holiday season .  down to business : the university affairs group is putting together a tiger  team of students to do a project for enron . those students will be in town  on january 18 th and will be having dinner at churrasco ' s that night . i think  it would be a great opportunity for some of the wharton alum to come out and  meet the participants , talk about enron and eat some good food . : - ) if you  are interested in participating please rsvp to me via email or at extension  53214 no later than 1 / 5 / 01 .  thank you and hope to see you soon ,  kristin gandy",0,tiger team event michele defined project students one project divided three sections feel free stop talk vince michele nezi marvin enron communications pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject tiger team event understand involved wharton tiger teams commerical team lead wharton recruiting know projects students working within enron working projects thanks helping facilitate opportunity wharton students michele nezi marvin manager enron broadband services forwarded michele nezi marvin enron communications pm kristin gandy enron michele nezi marvin enron communications enron communications cc subject tiger team event try get information christie michele nezi marvin enron communications pm kristin gandy na enron enron cc subject tiger team event attend know details tiger team project working also names students would helpful see applying summer positions michele nezi marvin manager enron broadband services kristin gandy enron jeffrey shankman hou ect ect william keeney hou ect ect catherine clark hou ect ect rajesh chettiar enron development enron development tom dutta hou ect ect jayshree desai hou ect ect colin jackson enron communications enron communications laura howenstine enron communications enron communications michele nezi marvin enron communications enron communications jennifer fraser hou ect ect natalie halich enron communications enron communications ranabir dutt corp enron enron teresa dyar na enron enron jeff golden hou ees ees charles ward corp enron enron sarah wesner corp enron enron li sun na enron enron gillian johnson na enron enron lisa connolly na enron enron michael j popkin na enron enron kevin mcgowan corp enron enron evan betzer enron communications enron communications jebong lee enron communications enron communications chu chu wang corp enron enron brad hitch eu enron enron betsy bassis enron communications enron communications matthew goering hou ect ect claude tellis enron enronxgate cc christie patrick hou ect ect subject tiger team event hello team hope everyone wonderful restful holiday season business university affairs group putting together tiger team students project enron students town january th dinner churrasco night think would great opportunity wharton alum come meet participants talk enron eat good food interested participating please rsvp via email extension later thank hope see soon kristin gandy
"Subject: i think you might be interested  hello , i just found a site called graand . com - a free and safe place on the internet to place classified ads . i thought i should invite you to check it out . regards , walkerczesc , wlasnie znalazlam stronke w internecie graand . com - miejsce w internecie , gdzie mozesz dawac darmowe ogloszenia . pomyslalam , ze cie to zainteresuje . pozdrawiam , walker",1,think might interested hello found site called graand com free safe place internet place classified ads thought invite check regards walkerczesc wlasnie znalazlam stronke w internecie graand com miejsce w internecie gdzie mozesz dawac darmowe ogloszenia pomyslalam ze cie zainteresuje pozdrawiam walker
"Subject: re : spring 2001 schematic  david ,  i am an adjunct professor at rice . can i get access to  embanet ?  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001  05 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kathy spradling on 01 / 23 / 2001 03 : 03 : 05 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : spring 2001 schematic  mr . kaminski ,  you will need to speak with david kilgore at kilgore @ rice . edu or by calling  david at 713 - 348 - 5378 regarding getting set up in embanet and if you can  have access from the outside .  kathy  at 02 : 40 pm 1 / 23 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  > you will need to speak with david kilgore  > at kilgore @ rice . edu or by calling david at 713 - 348 - 5378 .  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0,spring schematic david adjunct professor rice get access embanet vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm kathy spradling pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject spring schematic mr kaminski need speak david kilgore kilgore rice edu calling david regarding getting set embanet access outside kathy pm wrote need speak david kilgore kilgore rice edu calling david kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corei painter lx  $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  meivin ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professional adobe premiere pro corel designer quickbooks professional edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corei painter lx adobe lllustrator cs adobe lndesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker uiead cool production studio alias motion builder professionai quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop eiements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely meivin
"Subject: a friend of mine  shirley ,  please , arrange a phone interview with richard .  stinson , myself , vasant .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001 08 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : kristin gandy / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 14 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : a friend of mine  vince ,  last week i was contacted by one of my friends who is very interested in becoming an enron employee . he has a phd and several years research and lab experience .  richard is afraid that being a phd is a dying breed and may need to go back to school to obtain an mba . i was wondering if you would mind looking at the attached resume to assess if you have any interest in richard , or if you feel i should encourage him to go back to school . i am unclear as to the qualifications for your group so i apologize if this request is way off base .  thank you for your help ,  kristin gandy  associate recruiter  enron corporation  1400 smith street eb 1163  houston , texas 77002  713 - 345 - 3214  kristin . gandy @ enron . com",0,friend mine shirley please arrange phone interview richard stinson vasant vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect kristin gandy enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject friend mine vince last week contacted one friends interested becoming enron employee phd several years research lab experience richard afraid phd dying breed may need go back school obtain mba wondering would mind looking attached resume assess interest richard feel encourage go back school unclear qualifications group apologize request way base thank help kristin gandy associate recruiter enron corporation smith street eb houston texas kristin gandy enron com
"Subject: 10 minutes before sex , lasts for 24 - 36 hours  legal , prescription medications under the essential guidance of licensed medical  under every stone lurks a politician .  experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes .  without music , life would be a mistake .",1,minutes sex lasts hours legal prescription medications essential guidance licensed medical every stone lurks politician experience name everyone gives mistakes without music life would mistake
"Subject: re : clewlow and strickland book  steve ,  i can order the books at 15 % discount . i am sending you  4 copies today and will be glad to order more on your behalf .  vince  steven leppard  01 / 23 / 2001 04 : 22 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect  subject : clewlow and strickland book  hi vince  is there any way we can lay our hands on clewlow and strickland ' s new book at  a preferential price ?  steve",0,clewlow strickland book steve order books discount sending copies today glad order behalf vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc sharad agnihotri lon ect ect subject clewlow strickland book hi vince way lay hands clewlow strickland new book preferential price steve
"Subject: livelink access  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 01 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron technology from : moyez lallani @ enron 01 / 16 / 2001 10 : 46 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : livelink access  gentlemen ,  i have created a folder called research projects folder in the livelink test instance . the url to the test instance is  to log in , use your nt login id as your userid and password ( all lowercase ) . you will find the folder on the enterprise workspace . please call me should you require further assistance .  moyez lallani  x 5 - 3683",0,livelink access forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm enron technology moyez lallani enron stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc subject livelink access gentlemen created folder called research projects folder livelink test instance url test instance log use nt login id userid password lowercase find folder enterprise workspace please call require assistance moyez lallani x
"Subject: follow up  mark ,  over the past several months vince and paul have had some contact with the  authors of this upcoming risk management book . vince and his group are  writing a chapter and the forward , and enron australia will contribute  aus $ 10 , 000 in support of the book . there are a number of apparent legal  issues associated with completing / publicizing this book and marge suggested  that this is an area of interest to you . i handle public relations for  apachi and will try to contact you within the next couple of days to seek  your guidance .  thanks ,  john  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john ambler / enron _ development on  02 / 23 / 2000 08 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lacima on 02 / 21 / 2000 12 : 29 : 28 pm  to : john ambler / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject : follow up  hi john ,  nice talking with you last week .  the following are some of the items that we discussed during own phone  call :  - attached is a copy of the introduction of the book . section 1 . 2  provides a content overview  - we are planning to market the book globally , and feel the market size  is  around 3000  - the authors names are dr chris stickland and dr les clewlow  - mini bio of authors : dr . les clewlow and dr chris strickland hold  associate research positions at both the school of finance and economics ,  university of technology , sydney and the financial options research centre ,  university of warwick , uk . together , they have over 20 years combined  experience in the financial and energy derivative markets and have  published many articles in academic and trade journals . they are the  authors of the book "" implementing derivatives models "" ( wiley , 1998 ) and  editors of "" exotic options : the state of the art "" ( itp , 1998 ) . their  forthcoming book "" energy derivatives : pricing and risk management "" is due  to be published during the second quarter 2000 . currently , their interests  are concentrated in the energy derivatives area , where they have developed  a wide range of pricing tools for electricity options and other energy  derivatives .  could you please provide responses to the following :  - would it be ok if we use the logo for enron , the global company ?  - what will you need from us before printing ? if you need to review the  book jacket or the manuscript , please let us know .  - if enron needs to review anything , how long will it take for enron to  turn it around ?  - we are putting together a leaflet advertising our energy course . we  would like to mention the forthcoming book and that it is being sponsored  by enron . . . is this ok with you ? no logo will be used .  - we would like to produce a leaflet / brochure advertising the book as  well , but this will follow after we have the book cover designed . should i  work with andrew at stokes account ex . on this ?  - how do we handle the money side of things ?  the manuscript is not fully completed , but we may begin typesetting any day  now . i think it will take about 3 - 4 weeks to typeset and then another 3  weeks to print and bind . sometime in late april ?  it looks like we will be in houston around the 7 th of march . . . will you be  around either the 7 th or 8 th ?  i hope you are enjoying your time at home .  let me know if you need anything further .  take care ,  julie  - intro . zip",0,follow mark past several months vince paul contact authors upcoming risk management book vince group writing chapter forward enron australia contribute aus support book number apparent legal issues associated completing publicizing book marge suggested area interest handle public relations apachi try contact within next couple days seek guidance thanks john forwarded john ambler enron development pm lacima pm john ambler enron development enron development cc subject follow hi john nice talking last week following items discussed phone call attached copy introduction book section provides content overview planning market book globally feel market size around authors names dr chris stickland dr les clewlow mini bio authors dr les clewlow dr chris strickland hold associate research positions school finance economics university technology sydney financial options research centre university warwick uk together years combined experience financial energy derivative markets published many articles academic trade journals authors book implementing derivatives models wiley editors exotic options state art itp forthcoming book energy derivatives pricing risk management due published second quarter currently interests concentrated energy derivatives area developed wide range pricing tools electricity options energy derivatives could please provide responses following would ok use logo enron global company need us printing need review book jacket manuscript please let us know enron needs review anything long take enron turn around putting together leaflet advertising energy course would like mention forthcoming book sponsored enron ok logo used would like produce leaflet brochure advertising book well follow book cover designed work andrew stokes account ex handle money side things manuscript fully completed may begin typesetting day think take weeks typeset another weeks print bind sometime late april looks like houston around th march around either th th hope enjoying time home let know need anything take care julie intro zip
"Subject: clear benefits of creative design  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelming ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish stationery and outstanding webslte  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a logo your  company wiii automaticaliy become a worid ieader : it isquite clear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,clear benefits creative design lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwhelming good catchy logo stylish stationery outstanding webslte wili make task much easier promise ordered logo company wiii automaticaliy become worid ieader isquite clear without good products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: re : "" analytical "" var implementation in risktrac  debbie ,  i am forwarding to you a 2 page document describing implementation of  "" analytical "" var in risktrac .  here is why this effort is very important :  1 . we need to calculate var for other percentile but 5 ( 1 % or even 0 . 2 % as  mentioned by rick buy )  and our simulation model can not handle required number of simulations ;  2 . we need to present additional risk measures ( such as mean tail loss ) to  the board .  the analytical approach is implemented in a spreadsheet and fully tested  already so there will be no problems  with the algorithm itself .  we need to get together and discuss it implementation .  what do you think ?  tanya",0,analytical var implementation risktrac debbie forwarding page document describing implementation analytical var risktrac effort important need calculate var percentile even mentioned rick buy simulation model handle required number simulations need present additional risk measures mean tail loss board analytical approach implemented spreadsheet fully tested already problems algorithm need get together discuss implementation think tanya
"Subject: re : working with enron on catastrophic risk  howard ,  thanks for the message and the paper .  we shall hold an internal follow - up meeting next monday to  review potential projects on which we could cooperate in  the future .  vasant and i will contact you to discuss our recommendations  regarding the future research agenda .  vince  "" kunreuther , howard "" on 12 / 14 / 2000 10 : 07 : 11 am  to : "" bouillion ( e - mail ) "" , "" carrick ( e - mail ) ""  , "" hoog ( e - mail ) "" , "" kaminski  ( e - mail ) "" , "" vasant ( e - mail ) ""  cc : "" doherty , neil a "" , "" kleindorfer , paul ""  , "" thomas , louis a ""  , "" weigelt , keith w ""  subject : working with enron on catastrophic risk  dear vince , jim , george , david and vasant :  neil doherty , paul kleindorfer and i very much enjoyed our discussion last  wednesday at wharton with you on future joint research with enron over the  coming year . in particular , we see the whole area of capital management and  catastrophic risk as a fruitful area for foint collaboration . i am sharing  this message with louis thomas and keith weigelt who direct the fap mba  program in the hopes that we can find a team to work with us on these issues  next semester .  attached is a revised version of our paper on "" evaluating risk bearing ,  mitigation and risk transfer using exceedance probability curves : project  update "" . we would greatly appreciate you and your colleagues looking at the  section on "" cat bonds covering multiple risks "" ( pp . 15 - 19 ) to see whether our  example and conclusions make sense to you . we look forward to working with  your team at enron regarding ways that we can build on these preliminary  findings to make cat bonds for weather risks more attractive .  best wishes for the holiday .  regards ,  howard  howard kunreuther  cecilia yen koo professor of decisions sciences and public policy  chairperson operations and information management department  1326 steinberg hall - dietrich hall  wharton school  university of pennsylvania  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6366  phone : 215 - 898 - 4589  fax : 215 - 573 - 2130  email : kunreuth @ wharton . upenn . edu  - epcurvepaper - final - dl 0 . doc",0,working enron catastrophic risk howard thanks message paper shall hold internal follow meeting next monday review potential projects could cooperate future vasant contact discuss recommendations regarding future research agenda vince kunreuther howard bouillion e mail carrick e mail hoog e mail kaminski e mail vasant e mail cc doherty neil kleindorfer paul thomas louis weigelt keith w subject working enron catastrophic risk dear vince jim george david vasant neil doherty paul kleindorfer much enjoyed discussion last wednesday wharton future joint research enron coming year particular see whole area capital management catastrophic risk fruitful area foint collaboration sharing message louis thomas keith weigelt direct fap mba program hopes find team work us issues next semester attached revised version paper evaluating risk bearing mitigation risk transfer using exceedance probability curves project update would greatly appreciate colleagues looking section cat bonds covering multiple risks pp see whether example conclusions make sense look forward working team enron regarding ways build preliminary findings make cat bonds weather risks attractive best wishes holiday regards howard howard kunreuther cecilia yen koo professor decisions sciences public policy chairperson operations information management department steinberg hall dietrich hall wharton school university pennsylvania philadelphia pa phone fax email kunreuth wharton upenn edu epcurvepaper final dl doc
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at nsl . extremekanal . com .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 )  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 20410 invoked by uid 0 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 33 - 0000  received : from 218 . 2 . 27 . 239 by nsl ( envelope - from , uid 1005 ) with qmail - scanner - 1 . 25  ( clamuko : 0 . 65 .  clear : rc : 0 ( 218 . 2 . 27 . 239 ) : .  processed in 1 . 547743 secs ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 33 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 218 . 2 . 27 . 239 )  by 192 . 168 . 2 . 2 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 31 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09359978 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : gogo @ sportkanal . com  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program nsl extremekanal com afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work sorry mailbox name line copy message return path received qmail invoked uid jul received nsl envelope uid qmail scanner clamuko clear rc processed secs jul received unknown helo mailwisconsin com smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo gogo sportkanal com user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbelivabie
Subject: delivery status notification  - these recipients of your message have been processed by the mail server :  orlandi . enrico @ inwind . it ; failed ; 5 . 2 . 2 ( mailbox full )  remote mta ims 9 a . libero . it : smtp diagnostic : 552 rcpt to : mailbox disk quota exceeded,1,delivery status notification recipients message processed mail server orlandi enrico inwind failed mailbox full remote mta ims libero smtp diagnostic rcpt mailbox disk quota exceeded
"Subject: concerning the move to the 32 nd floor  goodmorning liz ,  hopefully your morning is going well .  liz , we are currently moving up to the 32 nd floor  as you are already aware of .  i had been speaking with brenda concerning  the move however , things has changed since then .  liz , i need for you to understand the importance  of me knowing exactly when and where we will move .  first of all - the space , we have several machines  that must move with us .  secondly - we must make arrangements for our satellite ,  the cable may need adjusting .  thirdly - i need to know where every copy machine is located  on the floor and hopefully we are closest to the largest one .  please liz , these are most important .  we prepare for morning meetings daily and we are the first to get  here to work , so if any problems occur we try and tackle them beforehand .  please i know that you are very busy however , this will really be helpful  in making our move a success .  maybe we can meet and discuss ?  thank you  kevin moore",0,concerning move nd floor goodmorning liz hopefully morning going well liz currently moving nd floor already aware speaking brenda concerning move however things changed since liz need understand importance knowing exactly move first space several machines must move us secondly must make arrangements satellite cable may need adjusting thirdly need know every copy machine located floor hopefully closest largest one please liz important prepare morning meetings daily first get work problems occur try tackle beforehand please know busy however really helpful making move success maybe meet discuss thank kevin moore
"Subject: super saturday iv results !  good afternoon !  attached is the list of associate candidates to whom offers have been  extended from super saturday iv . please feel encouraged to call or e - mail to  congratulate them !  let me know if you have any questions ( ext . 3 - 6176 ) .  thank you for all your help !  elizabeth boudreaux  ps - i have also included the "" no offer "" list , just fyi .",0,super saturday iv results good afternoon attached list associate candidates offers extended super saturday iv please feel encouraged call e mail congratulate let know questions ext thank help elizabeth boudreaux ps also included offer list fyi
"Subject: grades  pam ,  the term papers arrived at my internet mailbox .  i shall be sending you the information as i make progress reading the papers .  first group of students :  helen demianenko  javier lamas  lynn nazareth  shauywn smith  carlos wheelock  sarah woody  grade : a  please , confirm receipt of this message and please double check  that all registered students have been graded ( to make sure no student falls  through  the cracks ) .  vince",0,grades pam term papers arrived internet mailbox shall sending information make progress reading papers first group students helen demianenko javier lamas lynn nazareth shauywn smith carlos wheelock sarah woody grade please confirm receipt message please double check registered students graded make sure student falls cracks vince
"Subject: fw : research allocations to egm  vince :  can you tell me where to get this info ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001  03 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : becky pham / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 25 / 2001 10 : 58 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : diane fellers / enron @ enronxgate  subject : fw : research allocations to egm  back in november of last year , you have indicated that 40 % of the 17 . 5 % ( 40 %  of 17 . 5 is 7 % ) that we are allocating to egm should be billed to gary  hickson ' s group . gary is asking for further broken down of this 40 % to his  world . can you check with vince to see what portion of the 7 % should be  charged to equity trading , rate & currency trading , agricultural trading &  origination and convertible trading ? and can i get this information back by  the end of this week because we are going to start closing on friday . if you  have any questions , call me . thanx .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : khoja , sayed  sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 10 : 17 am  to : pham , becky  subject : research allocations to egm  becky ,  i have attached your original emails below . can you provide further break  out of the 40 % allocation to gary hickerson . gary is responsible for  financial trading which includes :  ? equity trading  ? rate & currency trading  ? agricultural trading & origination  ? convertible trading  thanks for your help .  sayed  to : sayed khoja / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : research allocation  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by becky pham / hou / ect on 11 / 02 / 2000 03 : 00 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  to : becky pham / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : research allocation  becky ,  i gave the % % for egm to shirley . i assume she communicated this info to you  already .  i assume egm includes f / x - i / r ( gary hickerson ) , weather , insurance ( jere  overdyke ) ,  oil trading and coal .  for calme i don ' t have any info . let ' s split the cost evenly .  vince  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : research allocation  shirley ,  grm is now with egm group . egm wants to verify that the 17 . 5 % we are going  to allocate to grm is for the insurance , jere overdyke group . egm seems to  think that their weather , mark tawney group , is receiving support from  research . also , can we break out the support for calme ? calme is going to  split into 3 bus and i am trying to determine who i need to bill for research  supports . if you have any questions , call me . thanx .  to : sayed khoja / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : research allocation  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by becky pham / hou / ect on 11 / 02 / 2000 02 : 47 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  to : becky pham / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : research allocation  becky :  vince said to allocate it as follows :  gary hickerson 40 %  jeff shankman  weather 20 %  insurance 30 %  oil 5 %  coal 5 %  hope this helps !  shirley  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : research allocation  shirley ,  grm is now with egm group . egm wants to verify that the 17 . 5 % we are going  to allocate to grm is for the insurance , jere overdyke group . egm seems to  think that their weather , mark tawney group , is receiving support from  research . also , can we break out the support for calme ? calme is going to  split into 3 bus and i am trying to determine who i need to bill for research  supports . if you have any questions , call me . thanx .",0,fw research allocations egm vince tell get info forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm becky pham enron enronxgate shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc diane fellers enron enronxgate subject fw research allocations egm back november last year indicated allocating egm billed gary hickson group gary asking broken world check vince see portion charged equity trading rate currency trading agricultural trading origination convertible trading get information back end week going start closing friday questions call thanx original message khoja sayed sent wednesday april pham becky subject research allocations egm becky attached original emails provide break allocation gary hickerson gary responsible financial trading includes equity trading rate currency trading agricultural trading origination convertible trading thanks help sayed sayed khoja na enron enron cc subject research allocation forwarded becky pham hou ect pm becky pham hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject research allocation becky gave egm shirley assume communicated info already assume egm includes f x r gary hickerson weather insurance jere overdyke oil trading coal calme info let split cost evenly vince shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject research allocation shirley grm egm group egm wants verify going allocate grm insurance jere overdyke group egm seems think weather mark tawney group receiving support research also break support calme calme going split bus trying determine need bill research supports questions call thanx sayed khoja na enron enron cc subject research allocation forwarded becky pham hou ect pm becky pham hou ect ect cc subject research allocation becky vince said allocate follows gary hickerson jeff shankman weather insurance oil coal hope helps shirley shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject research allocation shirley grm egm group egm wants verify going allocate grm insurance jere overdyke group egm seems think weather mark tawney group receiving support research also break support calme calme going split bus trying determine need bill research supports questions call thanx
"Subject: buyer beware - penis patches !  penis enhancement patch , doctor approved and recommended .  http : / / www . gretan . com / ss /  the time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time .  science comits suicide when it adopts a creed .  constantly talking isn ' t necessarily communicating .  the body says what words cannot .  perpetual optimism is a force multiplier .",1,buyer beware penis patches penis enhancement patch doctor approved recommended http www gretan com ss time enjoy wasting wasted time science comits suicide adopts creed constantly talking necessarily communicating body says words perpetual optimism force multiplier
"Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  martin :  lance will be out of town on the 6 th of december and he suggested that  you interview jingming ( marshall ) in his place ( it is a telephone  interview ) .  can you do that ?  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 29 / 2000  01 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  11 / 28 / 2000 01 : 32 pm  to : "" jingming ' marshall ' yan "" @ enron  cc : lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  marshall :  thanks for responding so quickly . i have scheduled the following interview :  wednesday , december 6 - 1 : 00 pm houston time . it will last approximately  1 hour . we will call you at ( 605 ) 497 - 4045 unless otherwise instructed .  if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 713 / 853 - 5290 .  best regards ,  shirley crenshaw  "" jingming ' marshall ' yan "" on 11 / 28 / 2000 12 : 59 : 55 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  ms . crenshaw ,  thank you very much for the message . i am very interested in the  opportunity to talk to personnel from the research group at enron . between  the two days you suggest , i prefer wednesday 12 / 6 . considering the  two - hour time difference between california and texas , 11 : 00 am pacific  time ( 1 : 00 pm your time ) seems to be a good slot . however , i am open most  of the day on 12 / 6 so if some other time slot is prefered on your end ,  please let me know .  thanks again . i look forward to talking to you and your  colleagues .  jingming  on tue , 28 nov 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote :  > good afternoon jingming :  >  > professor wolak forwarded your resume to the research group , and  > they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you , sometime next  > week , at your convenience . the best days would be tuesday , 12 / 5 or  > wednesday , 12 / 6 .  >  > please let me know which day and what time would be best for you and  > they will call you . let me know the telephone number that you wish to be  > contacted at .  >  > the interviewers would be :  >  > vince kaminski managing director and head of research  > vasant shanbhogue vice president , research  > lance cunningham manager , research  > alex huang manager , research  >  > look forward to hearing from you .  >  > best regards ,  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron research group .  > 713 - 853 - 5290  >  >  >  jingming "" marshall "" yan jmyan @ leland . stanford . edu  department of economics ( 650 ) 497 - 4045 ( h )  stanford university ( 650 ) 725 - 8914 ( o )  stanford , ca 94305 358 c , economics bldg  if one seeks to act virtuously and attain it , then what is  there to repine about ? - - confucius  _ ? oo ? ? ooo ? ? t  xo - ? ? - -  ? ?",0,telephone interview enron corp research group martin lance town th december suggested interview jingming marshall place telephone interview thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm shirley crenshaw pm jingming marshall yan enron cc lance cunningham na enron enron alex huang corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect subject telephone interview enron corp research group marshall thanks responding quickly scheduled following interview wednesday december pm houston time last approximately hour call unless otherwise instructed questions please feel free contact best regards shirley crenshaw jingming marshall yan pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject telephone interview enron corp research group ms crenshaw thank much message interested opportunity talk personnel research group enron two days suggest prefer wednesday considering two hour time difference california texas pacific time pm time seems good slot however open day time slot prefered end please let know thanks look forward talking colleagues jingming tue nov shirley crenshaw enron com wrote good afternoon jingming professor wolak forwarded resume research group would like conduct telephone interview sometime next week convenience best days would tuesday wednesday please let know day time would best call let know telephone number wish contacted interviewers would vince kaminski managing director head research vasant shanbhogue vice president research lance cunningham manager research alex huang manager research look forward hearing best regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group jingming marshall yan jmyan leland stanford edu department economics h stanford university stanford ca c economics bldg one seeks act virtuously attain repine confucius oo ooo xo
"Subject: re : informal interview with the enron research group  fyi :  i have arranged the following interview schedule and marked your calendars .  ( except paulo - i do not have access to his calendar ) . i have reserved eb  1938 . a copy of his resume will be forthcoming .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000  03 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  09 / 20 / 2000 03 : 37 pm  to : "" nelson neale "" @ enron  cc :  subject : re : informal interview with the enron research group  mr . neale :  thank you for responding so quickly . i have scheduled the following date and  times . please let me know if they are convenient for you .  friday , september 29 th :  vince kaminski 8 : 30 am  grant masson 9 : 00 am  vasant shanbhogue 9 : 30 am  zimin lu 10 : 00 am  paulo issler 10 : 30 am  stinson gibner will be out of the office for 3 weeks beginning monday , the  25 th so he will be unable to interview you .  we should be through between 11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am . if you have any questions  please feel free to call me .  when you come into the enron bldg . go to the security console and ask  for me . we are located on the 19 th floor and i will meet you at the elevator  lobby on the 19 th floor .  look forward to hearing from you soon .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290  "" nelson neale "" on 09 / 20 / 2000 03 : 18 : 45 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : informal interview with the enron research group  ms . crenshaw :  nice to hear from you ! i will be available on the following dates :  friday september 29 ( am or pm )  monday october 2 ( am )  thursday october 12 ( am or pm )  friday october 13 ( am or pm )  let me know which of the above dates and times works best for the group . i  look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  nelson neale  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  c . nelson neale , ph . d .  2990 bissonnet , # 9106  houston , tx 77005  ph : 713 - 303 - 5973  neneale @ hotmail . com  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com .  share information about yourself , create your own public profile at  http : / / profiles . msn . com .",0,informal interview enron research group fyi arranged following interview schedule marked calendars except paulo access calendar reserved eb copy resume forthcoming thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm shirley crenshaw pm nelson neale enron cc subject informal interview enron research group mr neale thank responding quickly scheduled following date times please let know convenient friday september th vince kaminski grant masson vasant shanbhogue zimin lu paulo issler stinson gibner office weeks beginning monday th unable interview questions please feel free call come enron bldg go security console ask located th floor meet elevator lobby th floor look forward hearing soon regards shirley crenshaw nelson neale pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject informal interview enron research group ms crenshaw nice hear available following dates friday september pm monday october thursday october pm friday october pm let know dates times works best group look forward hearing regards nelson neale c nelson neale ph bissonnet houston tx ph neneale hotmail com get private free e mail msn hotmail http www hotmail com share information create public profile http profiles msn com
"Subject: re : visit to houston  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 02 / 2001  01 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nick bambos on 03 / 02 / 2001 11 : 33 : 11 am  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc : gappy @ stanford . edu , cope @ csli . stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu  subject : re : visit to houston  hi stinson ,  giuseppe , eric and i , arrive on thusday night at 10 pm . we ' ll try  to reserve rooms at the doubletree hotel next to the enron building .  does enron get special deals with this hotel ? > > > giuseppe , can you  please make the reservations ? > > giuseppe , can you please call stinson and see how we can optimize the  agenda and maximize the value of the visit . i am swamped today . . . nick ,  >  > i hope everything is ok in palo alto . are you able to come to houston on  > the 9 th of march ? please let me know of your plans so we will know what  > times to set up discussions . i will try calling you tomorrow to check on  > your plans , or feel free to call me .  >  > regards ,  >  > stinson  > 713 853 4748",0,visit houston forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm nick bambos stinson gibner enron com cc gappy stanford edu cope csli stanford edu bambos stanford edu subject visit houston hi stinson giuseppe eric arrive thusday night pm try reserve rooms doubletree hotel next enron building enron get special deals hotel giuseppe please make reservations giuseppe please call stinson see optimize agenda maximize value visit swamped today nick hope everything ok palo alto able come houston th march please let know plans know times set discussions try calling tomorrow check plans feel free call regards stinson
"Subject: dba administrator  cecil ,  i ' ve spoken with charlene just now and she sounds very helpful .  can you give her a call tomorrow morning to iron out exactly how  you want to access the enpower data base ? i ' ve left your name  with her so she ' s expecting your call .  best ,  alex  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alex huang / corp / enron on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 31  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 13 pm  to : michelle d cisneros / hou / ect @ ect  cc : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : dba administrator  michelle ,  the name of the db administrator for enpower is charlene fricker ,  5 - 3487 . alex will contact her regarding the access to the curve .  i think it ' s a problem many layers below gary hickerson ' s level  of responsibility and i hope we can handle it without using his valuable  time .  vince",0,dba administrator cecil spoken charlene sounds helpful give call tomorrow morning iron exactly want access enpower data base left name expecting call best alex forwarded alex huang corp enron pm vince j kaminski ect pm michelle cisneros hou ect ect cc alex huang corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject dba administrator michelle name db administrator enpower charlene fricker alex contact regarding access curve think problem many layers gary hickerson level responsibility hope handle without using valuable time vince
"Subject: fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 1 .  05 / 14 / 2001  enron north america corp .  vince kaminski  1400 smith street  30 th floor , rm . 3036 b  houston , tx 77251 - 1188  1 713 - 853 - 3848  dear vince kaminski ,  this is to inform you of the release of @ energy 2 . 1 . ftp download  instructions are available immediately . the download instructions are  included at the end of this email . please see below for more information  regarding this new release . .  fea is pleased to enclose your new version of @ energy / erglib . the  accompanying documentation contains installation and other information .  here is an overview of the new and changed features since version 2 . 0 .  @ energy ( forward curve ) no change .  @ energy ( basics ) a control variate methodology hull ( 1997 ) has been  implemented for valuation of american options ( opt ) , black and  mean - reverting models . it greatly improves accuracy at minimal cost in  speed . all models now supports new scalar risk measures corresponding to  parallel displacement delta , hedge , and gamma . average price / strike options  now support an alternative way of computing theta . the definition of gamma  curves has been modified for all models .  @ energy ( advanced ) a faster and more accurate methodology is used to value  spread options . models affected are spreadopt , stripspreadopt , optspreadopt ,  optstripspreadopt . the new methodology dramatically improves speed . all  models now supports new scalar risk measures corresponding to parallel  displacement delta , hedge , and gamma . average price / strike options now  support an alternative way of computing theta . the definition of gamma  curves has been modified for all models .  @ energy ( swing ) the definition of gamma curves has been modified for all  models .  @ energy ( weather ) no change .  see the file fea \ energy \ ergnote . txt in your distribution for a list of bug  fixes .  here is an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 6 .  @ energy ( forward curve )  jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ energy functions .  inputs and outputs to powercalib and comcalib have changed . see the  corresponding function syntax in the user guide for additional information .  35 - 40 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta .  @ energy ( basics )  different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you  use indexswap , exoticswap , or optindexswap with floating price linked to a  series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates  specified in the forward curve input . a new utility function , pathutil ,  allows you to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models  supported by @ energy . 25 - 30 % speed improvement .  @ energy ( advanced )  different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you  use optdiffswap or diffswap with floating price linked to a series of  futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in  the forward curve input . calspreadopt now allows for the specification of  two different mean reversion rates . 30 - 35 % speed improvement .  @ energy ( swing )  swingopt and stripswingopt now allow for valuation of swing straddle  contracts with overall load constraints . 65 - 70 % speed improvement . the  module is now out of beta .  @ energy ( weather )  30 - 35 % speed improvement .  see the file fea \ energy \ ergnote . txt in your distribution for a list of bug  fixes .  if you are a user of the erglib library , please be aware of possible  backward compatibility issues in calls to eapo , easo , espreadapo ,  espreadaso , and ecrackapo . see fea \ energy \ ergnote . txt for additional  details .  here is an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 5 .  @ energy ( basics )  european options and strips of european options now support valuation via a  jump diffusion model ( see opt and stripopt functions ) . average price options  ( see the apo , spreadapo , crackapo functions ) , and average strike options  ( see the aso , spreadaso functions ) now allow for a direct input of the  fixing dates .  @ energy ( advanced )  includes two new functions , optstripopt and optstripspreadopt for valuation  of complex compound options .  if you are a user of the erglib library , please be aware of backward  compatibility issues in calls to eapo , easo , espreadapo , espreadaso , and  ecrackapo . see fea \ energy \ ergnote . txt for additional details .  here is an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 4 .  @ energy ( forward curve )  @ energy ( forward curve ) is the new module which includes functions designed  to generate forward curves , volatility curves and mean reversion rates used  in many other @ energy functions . module in beta release .  @ energy ( basics )  apo ' s and aso ' s : bug fixed when avg _ starts prompt .  type "" quit "" .  the file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp  site .  double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen .  there is also a readme file which contains installation instructions .  you may wish to print this out for easy reference .  n . b . : the password is only valid until the first friday of next month .  if you have any questions please feel free to contact us . we appreciate this  opportunity to be of continuing service to enron north america corp . .  regards ,  erin hopkins  administrative assistant  financial engineering associtates , inc .  tel : + 1 . 510 . 548 . 6200  mailto : info @ fea . com  or  mailto : support @ fea . com",0,fea announces release energy enron north america corp vince kaminski smith street th floor rm b houston tx dear vince kaminski inform release energy ftp download instructions available immediately download instructions included end email please see information regarding new release fea pleased enclose new version energy erglib accompanying documentation contains installation information overview new changed features since version energy forward curve change energy basics control variate methodology hull implemented valuation american options opt black mean reverting models greatly improves accuracy minimal cost speed models supports new scalar risk measures corresponding parallel displacement delta hedge gamma average price strike options support alternative way computing theta definition gamma curves modified models energy advanced faster accurate methodology used value spread options models affected spreadopt stripspreadopt optspreadopt optstripspreadopt new methodology dramatically improves speed models supports new scalar risk measures corresponding parallel displacement delta hedge gamma average price strike options support alternative way computing theta definition gamma curves modified models energy swing definition gamma curves modified models energy weather change see file fea energy ergnote txt distribution list bug fixes overview new changed features since version energy forward curve jump parameters calibrated use energy functions inputs outputs powercalib comcalib changed see corresponding function syntax user guide additional information speed improvement module beta energy basics different interpolation schemes forward prices supported use indexswap exoticswap optindexswap floating price linked series futures dates futures dates need close dates specified forward curve input new utility function pathutil allows simulate visualize price paths consistent models supported energy speed improvement energy advanced different interpolation schemes forward prices supported use optdiffswap diffswap floating price linked series futures dates futures dates need close dates specified forward curve input calspreadopt allows specification two different mean reversion rates speed improvement energy swing swingopt stripswingopt allow valuation swing straddle contracts overall load constraints speed improvement module beta energy weather speed improvement see file fea energy ergnote txt distribution list bug fixes user erglib library please aware possible backward compatibility issues calls eapo easo espreadapo espreadaso ecrackapo see fea energy ergnote txt additional details overview new changed features since version energy basics european options strips european options support valuation via jump diffusion model see opt stripopt functions average price options see apo spreadapo crackapo functions average strike options see aso spreadaso functions allow direct input fixing dates energy advanced includes two new functions optstripopt optstripspreadopt valuation complex compound options user erglib library please aware backward compatibility issues calls eapo easo espreadapo espreadaso ecrackapo see fea energy ergnote txt additional details overview new changed features since version energy forward curve energy forward curve new module includes functions designed generate forward curves volatility curves mean reversion rates used many energy functions module beta release energy basics apo aso bug fixed avg starts prompt type quit file downloaded directory entered ftp site double click exe follow instructions screen also readme file contains installation instructions may wish print easy reference n b password valid first friday next month questions please feel free contact us appreciate opportunity continuing service enron north america corp regards erin hopkins administrative assistant financial engineering associtates inc tel mailto info fea com mailto support fea com
"Subject: security question  dear guys  having been out of the office for a couple of days , i ' ve found myself the  victim of theft ( again ) . this time my desk drawer key has been stolen from  its "" hiding place "" under my telephone . i * always * lock my drawers and keep  the key in the same place , but on arriving in the office today i found the  drawers unlocked , and the key missing . although there ' s nothing sensitive on  or around my desk , i ' m concerned about the security implications of someone  sniffing around the office in this manner . i also found the papers on my  desk extensively reshuffled last week .  last year , in our old office , i had my only two real options books stolen  from among the many and varied books on my desk . that couldn ' t have been a  random theft , and i fear this isn ' t either . i can ' t understand who ' d be so  interested in a research guy ' s belongings !  can we ask security to check their surveillance footage for any suspicious  activity around my desk ?  cheers ,  steve",0,security question dear guys office couple days found victim theft time desk drawer key stolen hiding place telephone always lock drawers keep key place arriving office today found drawers unlocked key missing although nothing sensitive around desk concerned security implications someone sniffing around office manner also found papers desk extensively reshuffled last week last year old office two real options books stolen among many varied books desk random theft fear either understand interested research guy belongings ask security check surveillance footage suspicious activity around desk cheers steve
"Subject: re : conference room  kevin  yes , it ' s a good idea .  vince  kevin g moore  02 / 18 / 2000 06 : 56 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : conference room  goodmorning vince ,  we added a bookcase to the conference room on the 19 th floor  however , due to the departments growth i think we could use  another one .  vince , in the long run it would save us some time .  please let me know if this is okay !  thanks  kevin  moore",0,conference room kevin yes good idea vince kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject conference room goodmorning vince added bookcase conference room th floor however due departments growth think could use another one vince long run would save us time please let know okay thanks kevin moore
"Subject: you were accepted . here is your money  dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . barefi . net / ? id = j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , lorene ouellette , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . iorefi . net / book . php",1,accepted money dear applicant review upon receiving application current mortgage qualifies rate new monthly payment low month loan please confirm information order us finalize loan may also apply new one complete final steps visiting http www barefi net id j look foward hearing thank lorene ouellette account managerlpc associates llc interested www iorefi net book php
"Subject: fw : memo : re : your work phone number  hi ,  i am forwarding an email from a former bnp paribas colleague of mine who now works at hsbc .  can you please advise ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : antonella . saulle @ hsbcib . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - antonella + 2 esaulle + 40 hsbcib + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , may 22 , 2001 1 : 30 am  to : mack , iris  subject : memo : re : your work phone number  iris  i would like you to put me in contact with s / one at enron here in london that  deals with weather derivatives and would be in a position to sell us options on  weather derivatives ( temperature , cat ) . let me know if you are able to do that  or if i need to work internally here in order to find out whom we have contacts  with at enron .  if you want to call me my direct line is + 44 207 336 - 2836 . alternatively i could  call you but do bear in mind that i leave the office around 6 : 30 - 7 pm london  time . send me an email and let me know when is a good time to talk and i will  call you back .  thanks in advance .  antonella  this transmission has been issued by a member of the hsbc group ( "" hsbc "" )  for the information of the addressee only and should not be reproduced  and / or distributed to any other person . each page attached hereto must  be read in conjunction with any disclaimer which forms part of it . unless  otherwise stated , this transmission is neither an offer nor the solicitation  of an offer to sell or purchase any investment . its contents are based on  information obtained from sources believed to be reliable but hsbc makes  no representation and accepts no responsibility or liability as to its  completeness or accuracy .",0,fw memo work phone number hi forwarding email former bnp paribas colleague mine works hsbc please advise thanks iris original message antonella saulle hsbcib com enron mailto imceanotes antonella esaulle hsbcib ecom enron enron com sent tuesday may mack iris subject memo work phone number iris would like put contact one enron london deals weather derivatives would position sell us options weather derivatives temperature cat let know able need work internally order find contacts enron want call direct line alternatively could call bear mind leave office around pm london time send email let know good time talk call back thanks advance antonella transmission issued member hsbc group hsbc information addressee reproduced distributed person page attached hereto must read conjunction disclaimer forms part unless otherwise stated transmission neither offer solicitation offer sell purchase investment contents based information obtained sources believed reliable hsbc makes representation accepts responsibility liability completeness accuracy
"Subject: re : rotational opportunities within your group  kate ,  my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will schedule a meeting .  vince  kate lucas  10 / 17 / 2000 11 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : rotational opportunities within your group  dear vince ,  i am a rotating associate and would like to learn more about opportunities  within your group . i have worked in rac and am currently in financial  trading . i believe the associate / analyst program may forward you my cv , but i  thought it good to get in touch personally .  please let me know if there is someone with whom i could speak about the  group and its needs for associates .  with best regards ,  kate",0,rotational opportunities within group kate assistant shirley crenshaw schedule meeting vince kate lucas vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject rotational opportunities within group dear vince rotating associate would like learn opportunities within group worked rac currently financial trading believe associate analyst program may forward cv thought good get touch personally please let know someone could speak group needs associates best regards kate
"Subject: seismic data via satellite  i have attached a background piece to brief oil traders on this subject prior  to a possible meeting with them .  please give me any comments on 1 ) accuracy 2 ) completeness and 3 ) coverage  of the areas we want to explore .  as a side note , i found some info on the web stating current proven oil  reserves are 1 , 000 billion bbls . discovery of a 1 billion bbl field would  add only 0 . 1 % . while we will pursue the trading advantage option , it is not  looking promising that it has great short term value , given the long time  frame and high cost of bringing deep water reserves to market .  bob lee",0,seismic data via satellite attached background piece brief oil traders subject prior possible meeting please give comments accuracy completeness coverage areas want explore side note found info web stating current proven oil reserves billion bbls discovery billion bbl field would add pursue trading advantage option looking promising great short term value given long time frame high cost bringing deep water reserves market bob lee
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe goiive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe lliustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  aima ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professional adobe premiere pro corel designer quickbooks professionai edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe goiive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corel painter lx adobe lliustrator cs adobe indesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker uiead cooi production studio alias motion buiider professionai quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely aima
"Subject: wharton trip january 18 , 2001  jeff and vince . . . "" fyi ' ' . . . christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000  09 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  melinda mccarty @ enron  12 / 19 / 2000 03 : 05 pm  to : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : wharton trip january 18 , 2001  cp -  fyi - attached is the memo that i faxed to the parkplace warwick . i copied  donna piazze at wharton also .  maria",0,wharton trip january jeff vince fyi christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm melinda mccarty enron pm christie patrick enron com cc subject wharton trip january cp fyi attached memo faxed parkplace warwick copied donna piazze wharton also maria
"Subject: the spreadsheet for talon deal  vince ,  here is the spreadsheet for your review .  thanks .  rakesh",0,spreadsheet talon deal vince spreadsheet review thanks rakesh
"Subject: wharton business plan competition  hi anne !  thank you for your reply . enron is delighted to be a part of the wharton  business plan competition !  first , our assistant in the university affairs group , melinda mccarty , will  provide you with our logo .  enron would definitely like to be judge in phase iii and participate in the  venture fair , including the display table .  as to the mentoring and university community program , let ; s discuss that  further so i can better judge our way forward .  after i ' ve had the chance to discuss all of this with our entire university  affairs and wharton team here at enron , you and i can get together to plan a  more difinitive participatory strategy for enron . i will call you next week .  again , we at enron are very enthusiastic about participation with wharton in  this mutually interesting endeavor . !  best regards !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2001  06 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" stamer , anne "" on 01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 47 : 39 pm  to : "" ' christie _ patrick @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : wharton business plan competition  dear christie :  thank you for your voice mail . things are moving along nicely with the  competition . phase ii deadline was today , so we hope to have some  statistics in the next few weeks . i have attached the statistics from phase  i , for your files . listed below are ways that enron could be involved , let  me know in which ( or all ) of these enron would be interested in participating .  * we want to start listing our sponsors , so it would be really good if we  could get your logo .  * also , does enron wish to be a judge in phase iii and the venture fair  ( vf ) ? for phase iii , we would mail each judge about 3 full blown business  plans to be ranked . we anticipate this taking no more than 1 afternoon  * for the vf , we would need a judge to be present for the entire day . the  vf is by invitation only and we anticipate about 350 students , venture  capitalists , business entrepreneurs and faculty . the vf will be held in  philadelphia on april 30 th .  * at the vf we will provide an opportunity for our sponsors with a 6 foot  table for exhibits or materials to hand out . we will need to know if you  wish to use the exhibit space .  * we plan on providing our 25 semi - finalist teams with one - on - one  mentoring . if enron is interested , that would be about 1 / 2 or 1 day  commitment .  * there might be an opportunity for a workshop to the university community .  would enron be interested in participating in something like this ?  i look forward to working with you to make this year ' s bpc a success . thank  you .  sincerely ,  anne stamer  >  anne stamer  wharton business plan competition  wharton entrepreneurial programs  the wharton school  419 vance hall , 3733 spruce street  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6374  215 - 746 - 6460 ( direct )  215 - 898 - 4856 ( office )  215 - 898 - 1299 ( fax )  stamer @ wharton . upenn . edu  - phase ioverview . doc",0,wharton business plan competition hi anne thank reply enron delighted part wharton business plan competition first assistant university affairs group melinda mccarty provide logo enron would definitely like judge phase iii participate venture fair including display table mentoring university community program let discuss better judge way forward chance discuss entire university affairs wharton team enron get together plan difinitive participatory strategy enron call next week enron enthusiastic participation wharton mutually interesting endeavor best regards christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm stamer anne pm christie patrick enron com cc subject wharton business plan competition dear christie thank voice mail things moving along nicely competition phase ii deadline today hope statistics next weeks attached statistics phase files listed ways enron could involved let know enron would interested participating want start listing sponsors would really good could get logo also enron wish judge phase iii venture fair vf phase iii would mail judge full blown business plans ranked anticipate taking afternoon vf would need judge present entire day vf invitation anticipate students venture capitalists business entrepreneurs faculty vf held philadelphia april th vf provide opportunity sponsors foot table exhibits materials hand need know wish use exhibit space plan providing semi finalist teams one one mentoring enron interested would day commitment might opportunity workshop university community would enron interested participating something like look forward working make year bpc success thank sincerely anne stamer anne stamer wharton business plan competition wharton entrepreneurial programs wharton school vance hall spruce street philadelphia pa direct office fax stamer wharton upenn edu phase ioverview doc
"Subject: wharton fap 2001 webcafe access  about a month , ago you should have received an invitation to your fap 2001  webcafe room ( s ) that contained log on information to access the room . if you  have not received the email or are having difficulty logging into the  webcafe , please contact the wharton webcafe team be sending email to  webcafe @ wharton . upenn . edu and we will be happy to assist you .  best regards ,  michele krull  wcit webcafe team  webcafe @ wharton . upenn . edu  215 - 573 - 4262",0,wharton fap webcafe access month ago received invitation fap webcafe room contained log information access room received email difficulty logging webcafe please contact wharton webcafe team sending email webcafe wharton upenn edu happy assist best regards michele krull wcit webcafe team webcafe wharton upenn edu
Subject: candidate to bring in for interviews with the research group  hello toni :  the research group would like to bring bruce r . james in for an exploratory  interview sometime next week ( june 26 - 30 ) .  the individuals who would be interviewing him are :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  grant masson vice president  vasant shanbhogue vice president  p . v . krishnarao director  zimin lu director  tanya tamarchenko manager  please ask bruce to give you several dates within next week that would  accommodate him and we can coordinate his dates with vince ' s schedule  and the schedules of the rest of the group . just call me when you have some  dates and times .  his resume is attached .,0,candidate bring interviews research group hello toni research group would like bring bruce r james exploratory interview sometime next week june individuals would interviewing vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president grant masson vice president vasant shanbhogue vice president p v krishnarao director zimin lu director tanya tamarchenko manager please ask bruce give several dates within next week would accommodate coordinate dates vince schedule schedules rest group call dates times resume attached
"Subject: re : enron default swaps  darrell ,  i am sending you 2 technical notes on enron default swaps : i hope that they  will  be useful . i shall read the articles on weekend . i am curious if you  find these explanations satisfactory .  we are very slow in preparing a number of technical documents  for you for model reviews . we still hope you will be able  to find some time to review our credit models ( for our london  credit trading ) and var and option pricing related models .  also , please check your invoices . i still think we owe you money .  vince  darrell duffie on 03 / 28 / 2001 08 : 07 : 38 am  to : vince j kaminski  cc :  subject : re : enron default swaps  vince : according to a bank of america  publication , your ( enron ) default swap spreads  are consistently trading about 80  basis points wider than your asset swaps .  any idea of what is going on here ?  thanks for any guidance , darrell  darrell duffie  mail gsb stanford ca 94305 - 5015 usa  phone 650 723 1976  fax 650 725 7979  email duffie @ stanford . edu  web http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ duffie / ",0,enron default swaps darrell sending technical notes enron default swaps hope useful shall read articles weekend curious find explanations satisfactory slow preparing number technical documents model reviews still hope able find time review credit models london credit trading var option pricing related models also please check invoices still think owe money vince darrell duffie vince j kaminski cc subject enron default swaps vince according bank america publication enron default swap spreads consistently trading basis points wider asset swaps idea going thanks guidance darrell darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca usa phone fax email duffie stanford edu web http www stanford edu duffie
"Subject: pro opticus  shirley ,  please , send this memo to the entire group and ask if this demo was given  to anybody in our group .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 06 / 2000  05 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin sweeney  10 / 23 / 2000 06 : 53 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kara maloney / na / enron @ enron , mario de la ossa / na / enron @ enron , matt a  brown / hou / ect @ ect  subject : pro opticus  vince ,  i understand that you or someone in your group had a demo from the above  group last friday . i was wondering if this was part of a push to bring more  options ' analytics to the traders ' desks , and if so , if you could explain  what that effort looks like ? one of the global markets traders , mario de la  ossa also had a look at the software as he has used it in the past .  thanks ,  kevin",0,pro opticus shirley please send memo entire group ask demo given anybody group vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm kevin sweeney vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc kara maloney na enron enron mario de la ossa na enron enron matt brown hou ect ect subject pro opticus vince understand someone group demo group last friday wondering part push bring options analytics traders desks could explain effort looks like one global markets traders mario de la ossa also look software used past thanks kevin
"Subject: james aimone  james aimone is a canditate for a summer position supporting the ena option  pricing and valuation team .  he will be at enron , friday april 28 from 2 : 30 to 4 : 00 .  schedule of interviews :  stinson gibner 2 : 30 - 2 : 45  zimin lu 2 : 45 - 3 : 00  paulo issler 3 : 00 - 3 : 15  elizabeth grant 3 : 30 - 4 : 00  thanks ,  stinson",0,james aimone james aimone canditate summer position supporting ena option pricing valuation team enron friday april schedule interviews stinson gibner zimin lu paulo issler elizabeth grant thanks stinson
"Subject: re : houston research opportunity : anjam  vince :  here is an explanation of what a 12 month package for anjam actually entails .  it seems to me that anjam ' s interest in getting an expat package is mostly  about money . based on the uk hr ' s read of anjam , they think he will jump .  i have a telephone conference with anjam at 11 : 00 . my stance will be 110 is  firm . we will help with the transition via a one time settlement : flat  rental issues , 500 lbs of air shipping for moving furniture , maybe one trip  back to uk a year , but no more . re : his concerns of having a place in london  should he want to return , i will say that vince would be far better at  finding a good spot for you than any hr type , so that part of the "" package ""  promise is not particularly important .  any guidelines for me to follow , coach ?  regards ,  grant .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000 08 : 44  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tara rozen  08 / 11 / 2000 05 : 44 am  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : houston research opportunity  grant  not sure if i told you that i work mon , wed , friday hence the delay in  responding . sorry if i forgot to tell you ! another contact name in my absence  who will be able to assist is jane allen in houston ( cc ' ed above ) .  three main reasons we try to stay away from assignments to the us for this  type / level of transfer are : 1 ) cost 2 ) equitability among other peers  3 ) difficulty in transferring employee to local package from assignment  package . however , if this is truly a 12 month assignment with no intention of  extension , we would normally do the following :  12 month assignment  london base , car allowance , and benefits and national insurance contribution  costs ( currently 12 . 2 % of all comp compared with 1 . 45 % of all comp plus 6 . 2 %  up to max of $ 76 k of employers us contribution )  housing costs in houston paid if maintaining housing in the uk ( usually up to  $ 1800 per month for single )  utility costs if maintaining a house in the uk - up to $ 100 per month  home leave - two economy trips per year is standard  transportation to / from assignment - economy class  transportation in houston - we normally give this - up to $ 40 per day for  rental car in addition to the person ' s car allowance as they normally do not  require a car in the uk and take the car allowance as a cash benefit whereas  they will require a car in houston .  shipment of goods - 500 lbs air  tax assistance  disturbance allowance - normally pay approx $ 1000  so , in terms of costs if you just compare a local us salary of manager on  $ 100 k to a local uk manager on o 68 k the us total cost is approx $ 120 k . the uk  cost is approx $ 230 k . then if you add the above costs to the assignment , you  will see an even greater increase in cost compared with the local peers , ie  approx $ 280 k compared with $ 120 k . we do have the ability to change the above  in any way as there is no set policy ; however , anjam has already brought up  other people ' s assignments and i have a feeling he will do his best to find  out what everyone else is receiving . if we make clear , though , that we are  keeping on uk payroll but not providing any assignment type allowances just  in order for him to maintain his pension contributions for the year and at  which point a decision will need to be made ( returns or moves to local us ) ,  then we may be able keep more consistency with your group while maintaining  more reasonable costs . not sure how you want to play this , though .  even if he does go on assignment rather than transfer locally , there is still  the issue of whether or not a suitable job will be here at the end of the 12  months . we will always do our best to find suitable postions but we cannot  guarantee it . if he transfers to a local us contract , enron europe ' s  responsibility of finding suitable employment is pretty much nil .  i hope this has made things clearer rather than more complicated . i honestly  feel that ajnam will absolutely not take this position if it is not on an  assignment basis . he made it pretty clear that unless he could stay on uk  payroll for 12 months , he would not transfer .  call me if you would like to discuss .  tara - x 36763  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : grant masson 09 / 08 / 2000 20 : 48  to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : houston research opportunity  tara :  thanks for the update . it seems anjam is playing hard ball a little . my  initial reaction is to be inflexible because it is a good offer , but on  second thoughts , could you please give me an idea of what is meant by a  12 - month assignment when you have a moment ? compensation , benefits ,  responsibilities , career path implications , etc .  many thanks !  regards ,  grant .",0,houston research opportunity anjam vince explanation month package anjam actually entails seems anjam interest getting expat package mostly money based uk hr read anjam think jump telephone conference anjam stance firm help transition via one time settlement flat rental issues lbs air shipping moving furniture maybe one trip back uk year concerns place london want return say vince would far better finding good spot hr type part package promise particularly important guidelines follow coach regards grant forwarded grant masson hou ect tara rozen grant masson hou ect ect cc melanie doyle lon ect ect jane allen hou ect ect subject houston research opportunity grant sure told work mon wed friday hence delay responding sorry forgot tell another contact name absence able assist jane allen houston cc ed three main reasons try stay away assignments us type level transfer cost equitability among peers difficulty transferring employee local package assignment package however truly month assignment intention extension would normally following month assignment london base car allowance benefits national insurance contribution costs currently comp compared comp plus max k employers us contribution housing costs houston paid maintaining housing uk usually per month single utility costs maintaining house uk per month home leave two economy trips per year standard transportation assignment economy class transportation houston normally give per day rental car addition person car allowance normally require car uk take car allowance cash benefit whereas require car houston shipment goods lbs air tax assistance disturbance allowance normally pay approx terms costs compare local us salary manager k local uk manager k us total cost approx k uk cost approx k add costs assignment see even greater increase cost compared local peers ie approx k compared k ability change way set policy however anjam already brought people assignments feeling best find everyone else receiving make clear though keeping uk payroll providing assignment type allowances order maintain pension contributions year point decision need made returns moves local us may able keep consistency group maintaining reasonable costs sure want play though even go assignment rather transfer locally still issue whether suitable job end months always best find suitable postions guarantee transfers local us contract enron europe responsibility finding suitable employment pretty much nil hope made things clearer rather complicated honestly feel ajnam absolutely take position assignment basis made pretty clear unless could stay uk payroll months would transfer call would like discuss tara x enron capital trade resources corp grant masson tara rozen lon ect ect cc subject houston research opportunity tara thanks update seems anjam playing hard ball little initial reaction inflexible good offer second thoughts could please give idea meant month assignment moment compensation benefits responsibilities career path implications etc many thanks regards grant
"Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender  this is the postfix program at host relayl . netspace . net . au .  i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be  be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below .  for further assistance , please send mail to  if you do so , please include this problem report . you can  delete your own text from the attached returned message .  the postfix program  : host mail - in . netspace . net . au [ 210 . 15 . 254 . 248 ] said :  550 : recipient address rejected :  gperkes @ netspace . net . au has expired ( in reply to rcpt to command )",1,undelivered mail returned sender postfix program host relayl netspace net au sorry inform message could delivered one recipients attached assistance please send mail please include problem report delete text attached returned message postfix program host mail netspace net au said recipient address rejected gperkes netspace net au expired reply rcpt command
"Subject: re : friday brown bag lunch on option pricing  vince ,  thanks for your support . we will continue the friday lunch series , which i  think  is very useful for us to keep up with the lastest development in various  areas .  zimin  vince j kaminski  01 / 03 / 2001 08 : 29 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : friday brown bag lunch on option pricing  zimin ,  i have talked to alex about it . i don ' t think that the additional seminars  will  crowd out the brown bag lunches .  the seminars are really targeted to people who recently joined the group and  have very limited , or zero , exposure to energy markets .  for most members of the group it should be the piece of cake . brown bag  lunches  are not that time intensive , except for the speaker .  plus , we ran out of days available for lunch meetings .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 03 / 2001  08 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alex huang @ enron  01 / 02 / 2001 12 : 15 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : friday brown bag lunch on option pricing  vince ,  this is a brief summary of last year ' s friday brown bag lunch option pricing  series .  we had about 15 lectures , given by the following people :  grant , stinston , vasant , krishna , zimin , maureen , clayton , paulo , chonawee ,  myself , and  some outside speakers . we were able to attract some outside audience as well .  overall the response is quite encouraging and we have planned  to continue it .  in light of the presently scheduled seminars on "" energy derivatives "" , it  seems our friday  schedule will be too crowded if we have seminars on "" energy derivatives "" on  two fridays  and fbblop on other fridays . what ' s your suggestion ? should we discontinue  the fbblop ?  we also have scheduled january 19 for tom halliburton ' s visitor leon lasdon  from ut austin  to talk on non - linear programming . should we cancel it ?  best ,  zimin & alex",0,friday brown bag lunch option pricing vince thanks support continue friday lunch series think useful us keep lastest development various areas zimin vince j kaminski zimin lu hou ect ect cc alex huang corp enron enron stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject friday brown bag lunch option pricing zimin talked alex think additional seminars crowd brown bag lunches seminars really targeted people recently joined group limited zero exposure energy markets members group piece cake brown bag lunches time intensive except speaker plus ran days available lunch meetings vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect alex huang enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect subject friday brown bag lunch option pricing vince brief summary last year friday brown bag lunch option pricing series lectures given following people grant stinston vasant krishna zimin maureen clayton paulo chonawee outside speakers able attract outside audience well overall response quite encouraging planned continue light presently scheduled seminars energy derivatives seems friday schedule crowded seminars energy derivatives two fridays fbblop fridays suggestion discontinue fbblop also scheduled january tom halliburton visitor leon lasdon ut austin talk non linear programming cancel best zimin alex
"Subject: erisk interview  vince :  you may inteersted in the following interview which appeared on erisk . com last friday . were rick buy ' s comments about real options taken out of context ?  yann bonduelle leads a 25 - person team for in london  that applies decision analytics and real options theory to dilemmas ranging from  valuing a biotechnology product to deciding whether to kill off an internet financial  services business . here he talks to rob jameson about whether this "" theoretical ""  approach to risky decision - making really helps businesses in their day - to - day  balancing of risk and reward . yann holds a ph . d degree from the  engineering - economic systems department at stanford university , where he  studied how to apply engineering decision and design analysis to wider economic ,  social and business issues . he then worked as a consultant applying his decision  analysis methodologies to problems that included consumer decision making  about innovative products such as electrical vehicles , before joining the   team in 1998 where he is now a partner . he has  written widely on the application of real options , particularly in fields of life  sciences , technology , and e - business , and has a special interest in the  relationship between risk assessment , validation of risk data and financial  valuation .  how would you sum up your approach to business decision analytics ?  most of our projects are set up to help businesses that face massive uncertainties  of some kind . decision analysis helps people explore problems , and redesign  their decision - making process to increase the chance of them making the right  choices . for example , imagine a biotechnology company that has to decide  whether to put itself up for sale , enter a strategic relationship , or continue to go it  alone . each of those options will lead on to other value - enhancing or  value - destroying scenarios . we work with the client firstly to understand and  challenge the assumptions associated with their most likely business  development scenarios , and secondly to help them identify decisions that would  help protect or increase the value of their technology or company . quantifying  technical , regulatory or commercial risks can sometimes be a challenge . in  technology - intensive fields , however , we have found that managers ( often  scientists ) are quite willing to describe the main sources of risk and to assess the  probability that a risky event may or may not occur .  how does this kind of risky decision - making relate to real options valuation ?  you can ' t say what the value of an asset is until you decide what you might use it  for . this means that , to form an opinion about the value of an asset , you must  explore the most important decisions that you are likely to face and that will have  a significant impact on the value of the asset . so decision analysis helps to define  the business problem and to uncover a stream of inter - related choices that are , in  effect , "" real options "" . for example , if a company is trying to decide whether to  invest in a risky project , does it have the option to pull the plug on the investment  at an early stage if a pilot project gives a poor showing ? that "" real "" option reduces  the riskiness , and increases the potential value , of the original business plan . so  real options and decision analysis are really very close to one another . but you  don ' t have to believe in real options valuations to find decision analysis useful .  what do you mean ?  often decision analysis can help managers to identify the key risks in a strategic  decision , attach weights to these , and show clearly how they interact . for many  companies this "" risk discovery "" is the most valuable part of the exercise .  real options theory has been criticised recently for being , well , not very realistic .  is it a practical approach to valuation ?  it ' s important not to hold out unrealistic hopes for the real options approach to  valuation . but it ' s an exciting methodology , and it ' s also sometimes the only  reasonable way of tackling a very practical problem . for example , when a firm  sells an asset , the firm might have to make an independent valuation of the asset  for legal or corporate governance reasons . but in many businesses today there  are assets that simply cannot be valued in traditional ways because they are  difficult to link to cashflows . the cashflows might not exist because the business  is so novel , or they might be hidden . in some respects , a real options analysis is  much closer to reality than a traditional valuation .  how , exactly ?  the classic way of valuing a future business is to base the calculation on a single  discounted cashflow that is projected from the activity . but this doesn ' t really take  account of the way that scenarios can change , or the fact that managers can  react to situations as they unfold . i mentioned earlier the option to kill a project or  business at an early point . but the upside is that if a pilot project yields exciting  results , it might allow you to invest more quickly and reach a revenue - generating  position in a much shorter time than the original business plan allows . so to value  a future business we really need to look at the cashflows that might arise in a  number of scenarios . this is "" realistic "" in that , if the project gets the green light ,  you can bet that its managers will be taking that kind of decision on the ground all  of the time .  what ' s the most challenging part of mapping out a decision analysis tree ?  modelling the links between the variables in the decision tree - - it ' s something we  have particular strengths in . but it ' s also tricky to know when it ' s worthwhile to  add on more detail , and when it ' s better to draw back .  in a recent erisk interview , rick buy , chief risk officer of enron , said that over  the two years that enron had experimented with the real options concept , it had  found it of "" limited , but not zero , use "" . why is there a slight air of cynicism about  real options in some businesses today ?  it ' s strange that enron would profess this attitude . a few years ago , it was widely  reported to have used real option valuation to support a very profitable purchase  decision . they had apparently bought cheaply some older generators in the us  that generated electricity at a very high cost . they knew that they could mothball  them for most of the year , and switch them on only when the electricity prices  were sufficiently high . nevertheless , from a customer ' s point of view , there might  have been too much hype about the methodology . one problem in the application  of real options technology is that there are , perhaps , too many people trying to  tweak reality to conform to their "" perfect "" model . it ' s better to aim for something  pragmatic that clearly improves decisions over time . in one pharmaceutical  company we worked with recently , we worked together to improve their valuation  analyses by moving from a single discounted cash - flow methodology to one that  took into account a rather small set of business scenarios . it would have shocked  some academics and consultants , but it was an undeniable improvement on the  original approach .  why do you think financial institutions are only just picking up on your field , when  it ' s been applied in the energy industry for 15 years or more ?  it might have something to do with the relative stability of the banking world until  recently , and the relatively high margins that banking lines have enjoyed . also ,  industries such as energy and pharmaceuticals tend to have more people with an  engineering and science background . the dynamic modelling of decisions is  based on methodologies originally dreamed up to help engineers design electrical  and electronic systems . this approach is quite distinct from the black - scholes  options analyses that the banking world is familiar with : the black - scholes  approach is difficult to apply in a real options context , because everything  depends on the assumptions that you put into the black - scholes model . the real  options approach , on the other hand , is in a sense a way of modelling those  assumptions more explicitly . but banks are now adopting some of the thinking ,  particularly in terms of using decision analysis to pinpoint risks and identify  value - enhancing decisions , and in using real options methodologies to sort the  wheat from the chaff in their more speculative investments .  you mean their internet investments ?  we have recently worked with a major dutch bank that had arrived late in the  internet game , and then made a considerable number of investments . now that  even b 2 b business models have questions marks hanging over them , and many  b 2 c businesses are already under water , they wanted to work out which  investments might contain real value . in this situation , it ' s a case of ranking  priorities and helping the bank make sense of what could turn into a  decision - making chaos , rather than sophisticated valuation . it ' s not just a case of  whether an internet investment should be killed off , but the problem of whether  continued funding for it should take priority over budget demands for major it  upgrades in existing businesses , and so on . these are very practical questions  and they have to be answered somehow .  are there other areas in financial institutions that seem accessible to this  approach ?  yes , for example , we think it can help work out the value associated with various  approaches to marketing a new bank business line . at the moment , many banks  are chasing high - net - worth individuals , but it ' s not always clear which kind of  individual a particular bank should decide to pursue . the bank might have a  regional or industry advantage already in one particular area , for example , music  business people . but what is the churn rate associated with this kind of  customer ? what is the profitability associated with the customer segment ? will  the time and cost benefits of the advantages the bank has in the sector outweigh  any disadvantages ? weighing up this kind of complex problem , where one thing  leads to and depends on another , is what decision and real options analysis is  good at .  is there any way of rigorously backtesting or validating real options valuations ?  in all honesty , not really . the problem is that by the time the option is exercised ,  many of the variables surrounding it will have changed , so it ' s difficult to compare  our original analysis with how things turn out . however , the value of the analysis  comes not only from the final number ( "" the value of this asset is x "" ) but also from  providing a thorough process , an outsider ' s point of view , an understanding of the  sources of value and , in short , a bit of clearer thinking .  if real options are so important , why are they so rarely cited in communications to  shareholders and equity analysts ?  the battle is still to convince companies to use real option valuations as a  significant part of their internal analysis . even in major companies in the oil & gas ,  and pharmaceutical sectors , where the ideas have taken some root internally ,  there seems to be a lot of reluctance to use them in external communication . we  are working with analysts to understand better what they need to if we are to move  things on to the next step .  how does the riskiness of a business , in terms of the major strategic dilemmas it  faces , relate to its share value , and its capital structure ?  that ' s a big question . it ' s related to work my colleagues do on the optimal  debt - to - equity capital structure and gearing of a corporation , which in turn arises  out of the likely revenue and cost volatilities of the business . the more volatile the  business , the less gearing it can sustain , and the higher the cost of capital . our  work touches on this in the sense that exercising ( many ) specific real options can  allow a firm to change its nature , and thus also its risk profile . one classic  example is the pharmaceutical industry . a host of different kinds of companies  service that industry from "" big pharma "" companies through to smaller  biotechnology startups and run - of - the - mill contract research organisations . a  contract research organisation is often operating within a very competitive  environment with relatively few risks - - it does not invest in drug development itself  - - but also very thin margins . but in fact , a few of these companies have used the  skills and knowledge they have developed to become much more substantial and  profitable healthcare companies of various kinds . it ' s an example of a company  exercising the real options that lie within its skills and assets to transform its own  identity .  rob jameson , erisk",0,erisk interview vince may inteersted following interview appeared erisk com last friday rick buy comments real options taken context yann bonduelle leads person team london applies decision analytics real options theory dilemmas ranging valuing biotechnology product deciding whether kill internet financial services business talks rob jameson whether theoretical approach risky decision making really helps businesses day day balancing risk reward yann holds ph degree engineering economic systems department stanford university studied apply engineering decision design analysis wider economic social business issues worked consultant applying decision analysis methodologies problems included consumer decision making innovative products electrical vehicles joining team partner written widely application real options particularly fields life sciences technology e business special interest relationship risk assessment validation risk data financial valuation would sum approach business decision analytics projects set help businesses face massive uncertainties kind decision analysis helps people explore problems redesign decision making process increase chance making right choices example imagine biotechnology company decide whether put sale enter strategic relationship continue go alone options lead value enhancing value destroying scenarios work client firstly understand challenge assumptions associated likely business development scenarios secondly help identify decisions would help protect increase value technology company quantifying technical regulatory commercial risks sometimes challenge technology intensive fields however found managers often scientists quite willing describe main sources risk assess probability risky event may may occur kind risky decision making relate real options valuation say value asset decide might use means form opinion value asset must explore important decisions likely face significant impact value asset decision analysis helps define business problem uncover stream inter related choices effect real options example company trying decide whether invest risky project option pull plug investment early stage pilot project gives poor showing real option reduces riskiness increases potential value original business plan real options decision analysis really close one another believe real options valuations find decision analysis useful mean often decision analysis help managers identify key risks strategic decision attach weights show clearly interact many companies risk discovery valuable part exercise real options theory criticised recently well realistic practical approach valuation important hold unrealistic hopes real options approach valuation exciting methodology also sometimes reasonable way tackling practical problem example firm sells asset firm might make independent valuation asset legal corporate governance reasons many businesses today assets simply valued traditional ways difficult link cashflows cashflows might exist business novel might hidden respects real options analysis much closer reality traditional valuation exactly classic way valuing future business base calculation single discounted cashflow projected activity really take account way scenarios change fact managers react situations unfold mentioned earlier option kill project business early point upside pilot project yields exciting results might allow invest quickly reach revenue generating position much shorter time original business plan allows value future business really need look cashflows might arise number scenarios realistic project gets green light bet managers taking kind decision ground time challenging part mapping decision analysis tree modelling links variables decision tree something particular strengths also tricky know worthwhile add detail better draw back recent erisk interview rick buy chief risk officer enron said two years enron experimented real options concept found limited zero use slight air cynicism real options businesses today strange enron would profess attitude years ago widely reported used real option valuation support profitable purchase decision apparently bought cheaply older generators us generated electricity high cost knew could mothball year switch electricity prices sufficiently high nevertheless customer point view might much hype methodology one problem application real options technology perhaps many people trying tweak reality conform perfect model better aim something pragmatic clearly improves decisions time one pharmaceutical company worked recently worked together improve valuation analyses moving single discounted cash flow methodology one took account rather small set business scenarios would shocked academics consultants undeniable improvement original approach think financial institutions picking field applied energy industry years might something relative stability banking world recently relatively high margins banking lines enjoyed also industries energy pharmaceuticals tend people engineering science background dynamic modelling decisions based methodologies originally dreamed help engineers design electrical electronic systems approach quite distinct black scholes options analyses banking world familiar black scholes approach difficult apply real options context everything depends assumptions put black scholes model real options approach hand sense way modelling assumptions explicitly banks adopting thinking particularly terms using decision analysis pinpoint risks identify value enhancing decisions using real options methodologies sort wheat chaff speculative investments mean internet investments recently worked major dutch bank arrived late internet game made considerable number investments even b b business models questions marks hanging many b c businesses already water wanted work investments might contain real value situation case ranking priorities helping bank make sense could turn decision making chaos rather sophisticated valuation case whether internet investment killed problem whether continued funding take priority budget demands major upgrades existing businesses practical questions answered somehow areas financial institutions seem accessible approach yes example think help work value associated various approaches marketing new bank business line moment many banks chasing high net worth individuals always clear kind individual particular bank decide pursue bank might regional industry advantage already one particular area example music business people churn rate associated kind customer profitability associated customer segment time cost benefits advantages bank sector outweigh disadvantages weighing kind complex problem one thing leads depends another decision real options analysis good way rigorously backtesting validating real options valuations honesty really problem time option exercised many variables surrounding changed difficult compare original analysis things turn however value analysis comes final number value asset x also providing thorough process outsider point view understanding sources value short bit clearer thinking real options important rarely cited communications shareholders equity analysts battle still convince companies use real option valuations significant part internal analysis even major companies oil gas pharmaceutical sectors ideas taken root internally seems lot reluctance use external communication working analysts understand better need move things next step riskiness business terms major strategic dilemmas faces relate share value capital structure big question related work colleagues optimal debt equity capital structure gearing corporation turn arises likely revenue cost volatilities business volatile business less gearing sustain higher cost capital work touches sense exercising many specific real options allow firm change nature thus also risk profile one classic example pharmaceutical industry host different kinds companies service industry big pharma companies smaller biotechnology startups run mill contract research organisations contract research organisation often operating within competitive environment relatively risks invest drug development also thin margins fact companies used skills knowledge developed become much substantial profitable healthcare companies various kinds example company exercising real options lie within skills assets transform identity rob jameson erisk
"Subject: re : risk book translation  dear professor kaminski ,  thanks for spending your very valuable time to take trouble to arrange our  contact with the risk  staffs . i will appreciate very much .  masayuki fujita",0,risk book translation dear professor kaminski thanks spending valuable time take trouble arrange contact risk staffs appreciate much masayuki fujita
Subject: reschedule - iv amit bartarya first floor sel 002 ( 21 feb 16 : 00 gmt )  interview schedule  16 . 00 - 16 . 30 vince kaminski & anjam ahmad  16 . 30 - 17 . 00 ben parsons  17 . 00 - 17 . 30 stephen leppard,0,reschedule iv amit bartarya first floor sel feb gmt interview schedule vince kaminski anjam ahmad ben parsons stephen leppard
"Subject: re :  tasha ,  yes , i think li xiao deserves the bonus .  vince kaminski  tasha lair @ enron  03 / 21 / 2000 02 : 24 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  vince ,  linda vargo asked me because i am the administrator of employee referral  program to contact you on whether or not li xiao is eligible for a bonus on  his referral of alex huang . i have informed linda that the decision up to  you . if you feel that alex huang was hired as a result of li bringing him to  the attention of enron then the bonus is due . linda and yourself have  communicated via e - mail on this issue in early february and it appears from  that correspondence that li did encourage alex to e - mail his resume to you .  please advise as to whether or not you want to award the bonus .  thank you",0,tasha yes think li xiao deserves bonus vince kaminski tasha lair enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject vince linda vargo asked administrator employee referral program contact whether li xiao eligible bonus referral alex huang informed linda decision feel alex huang hired result li bringing attention enron bonus due linda communicated via e mail issue early february appears correspondence li encourage alex e mail resume please advise whether want award bonus thank
"Subject: re : willow and pathstar evaluations  mike ,  we are short manpower in london . we shall try to  evaluate the software in houston .  vince  "" mike curran "" on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 03 : 24 am  please respond to "" mike curran ""  to :  cc :  subject : willow and pathstar evaluations  hi vince -  hope all is well with you .  sharad hasn ' t had time to evaluate our willow tree or monte carlo software  since the middle of last year . is there somebody else that could do it ?  please let me know who i should send the evaluation to .  best regards ,  michael curran  ceo  quantin ' leap limited  piercy house  7 copthall avenue  london ec 2 r 7 nj  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3450  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3411  mailto : mcurran @ quantinleap . com  http : / / www . quantinleap . com",0,willow pathstar evaluations mike short manpower london shall try evaluate software houston vince mike curran please respond mike curran cc subject willow pathstar evaluations hi vince hope well sharad time evaluate willow tree monte carlo software since middle last year somebody else could please let know send evaluation best regards michael curran ceo quantin leap limited piercy house copthall avenue london ec r nj tel fax mailto mcurran quantinleap com http www quantinleap com
"Subject: an interview  shirley ,  please schedule an interview with konstantin on may 8 .  stinson , zimin , alex , tanya , krishna , myself .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001 03 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" konstantin n . kudin "" on 05 / 02 / 2001 01 : 39 : 15 pm  to :  cc :  subject : an interview  dear dr . kaminski  we have talked earlier during your energy class at rice about career  opportunities in risk management at enron . if it is possible , i would like  to meet with you and people from your group next week , preferably tuesday  ( may 8 ) . my time is flexible , i could come any time . other days are also  fine .  thank you very much in advance .  sincerely ,  konstantin kudin",0,interview shirley please schedule interview konstantin may stinson zimin alex tanya krishna vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm konstantin n kudin pm cc subject interview dear dr kaminski talked earlier energy class rice career opportunities risk management enron possible would like meet people group next week preferably tuesday may time flexible could come time days also fine thank much advance sincerely konstantin kudin
"Subject: australian energy risk 2000  as australian energy risk 2000 is approaching . i am emailing you with  regards to your presentation . the deadline date is monday 12 june . if this  is going to be a problem please let me know i will be out of the office from  monday 12 , until monday 19 june , on which date i will be putting the  presentation pack together to send to the printers . if your presentation is  complete could you please email it to ldeathridge @ risk . co . uk as a  powerpoint file asap .  if you have any problems in doing this please do not hesitate to contact me  by email or on ( 020 ) 7484 9867 . i will reply to any queries when i return .  regards  lucie deathridge  conference co - ordinator  risk publications  ?  tel : ( + 44 ) ( 020 ) 7484 9867  http : / / www . riskpublications . com",0,australian energy risk australian energy risk approaching emailing regards presentation deadline date monday june going problem please let know office monday monday june date putting presentation pack together send printers presentation complete could please email ldeathridge risk co uk powerpoint file asap problems please hesitate contact email reply queries return regards lucie deathridge conference co ordinator risk publications tel http www riskpublications com
"Subject: martin lin ' s rotation into jim ' s group  hi paul and anad , please make the appropriate arrangements ( via enron corp .  aa pool ) to "" rotate "" martin lin into my group . as you know , i am heading up  the ebs research unit that is reporting to vince kaminski and stinson gibner  ( md & vp of enron research group , respectively ) . martin will work for jim  irvine and report to him on a day - to - day basis . martin will spend most of  his time at jim ' s office location . this arrangement is very similar to samar  khleif ' s role in portland with john mcclain ' s broadband delivery group .  martin has already discussed his rotation with jim irvine and scheduled to  start on march 1 , 00 . ebs research will be working very closely with jim  irvine and john griebling in the area of network planning and model  development ( traffic engineering in telecom - speak ) . martin has a ph . d . in  electrical engineering and has been working within research supporting  electricity transmission analysis and modeling .  regards ,  ravi .",0,martin lin rotation jim group hi paul anad please make appropriate arrangements via enron corp aa pool rotate martin lin group know heading ebs research unit reporting vince kaminski stinson gibner md vp enron research group respectively martin work jim irvine report day day basis martin spend time jim office location arrangement similar samar khleif role portland john mcclain broadband delivery group martin already discussed rotation jim irvine scheduled start march ebs research working closely jim irvine john griebling area network planning model development traffic engineering telecom speak martin ph electrical engineering working within research supporting electricity transmission analysis modeling regards ravi
"Subject: rodeo  vince ,  it was a pleasure to meet you last week at our rodeo night . i am glad you  could join us .  i am going to fax you the invitation to the houston symphony partners party  that we discussed . i hope you can attend .  keep in touch and let ' s get together for lunch and / or seeing "" american  beauty . ""  jana phillips  713 - 658 - 9296",0,rodeo vince pleasure meet last week rodeo night glad could join us going fax invitation houston symphony partners party discussed hope attend keep touch let get together lunch seeing american beauty jana phillips
"Subject: sex is a play , and you must win !  your source for the very best viagra deals on the ' net . always up to date !  luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity .  in order to be a realist you must believe in miracles .  consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative .",1,sex play must win source best viagra deals net always date luck happens preparation meets opportunity order realist must believe miracles consistency last refuge unimaginative
"Subject: re : interview with enron  pierre philippe ,  we have two options . kevin will be interviewing in mid - december in pittsburgh  and he  can talk to you you or we can invite you to houston .  what are you interested in ? a quant position or a trading job ? our trading  desks  are looking for people with trading experience .  vince  "" pierre - philippe ste - marie "" on 11 / 29 / 2000 07 : 36 : 19 am  to :  cc :  subject : interview with enron  dear mr . kaminski ,  ?  even though i cannot pass "" official "" interviews , i would like to discuss  with enron . i was really impressed by your presentation and i think i would  be a good fit for your firm .  ?  i know that you ? will be soon recruiting on campus , maybe we could set up an  "" informal meeting "" . either give me a call at home ( 412 - 802 - 6429 ) or send me  an email at this address . i would appreciate though not to appear on  interview lists .  ?  pierre - philippe ste - marie  http : / / pstemarie . homestead . com",0,interview enron pierre philippe two options kevin interviewing mid december pittsburgh talk invite houston interested quant position trading job trading desks looking people trading experience vince pierre philippe ste marie cc subject interview enron dear mr kaminski even though pass official interviews would like discuss enron really impressed presentation think would good fit firm know soon recruiting campus maybe could set informal meeting either give call home send email address would appreciate though appear interview lists pierre philippe ste marie http pstemarie homestead com
"Subject: the database that bill gates doesnt want you to know about ! ! ! ! !  important notice : regarding your domain name  * if you own a . com / . net / . org , you are advised to register  your . ws "" web site "" domain before someone else takes it forever .  * major corporations such as yahoo , att & intel , have all  registered their . ws "" web site "" domains for their company names  as well as all their trademarks , to protect them forever .  * . ws "" web site "" domains are in 180 + countries worldwide  * availability for . ws is ~ 88 % compared to ~ 24 % for . com  we thought you ' d find the article on . ws below interesting .  if you want more information on where to register . ws "" web site ""  domains , and how to get a discount on multiple registrations ,  contact us at http : / / www . netleads . ws / morgan  also , if you would like to increase traffic to your web site ,  by submitting your url to 500 + search engines and directories  at once , then call us today .  sincerely ,  joe & stacy morgan  + 1 . 888 . 660 . 0625  internet names , llc .  # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #  news release :  . ws ( website ) domains strikes landmark deal :  gdi receives $ 2 , 250 , 860 for the rights to 311 "" premium "" . ws domain  names .  - - -  last week , gdi ( global domains international , inc . ) , the registry for . ws  "" web site "" domains , closed a deal with a large publicly traded company ,  one of the biggest players in the . com arena , and received payment in  full of $ 2 , 250 , 860 for the rights to a select group of "" premium "" . ws  domain names . the 311 domain names will be resold to the highest  bidders and ultimately developed into substantial . ws web sites , giving  . ws even more publicity down the road .  to be be removed http : / / www . netleads . ws / remove",1,database bill gates doesnt want know important notice regarding domain name com net org advised register ws web site domain someone else takes forever major corporations yahoo att intel registered ws web site domains company names well trademarks protect forever ws web site domains countries worldwide availability ws compared com thought find article ws interesting want information register ws web site domains get discount multiple registrations contact us http www netleads ws morgan also would like increase traffic web site submitting url search engines directories call us today sincerely joe stacy morgan internet names llc news release ws website domains strikes landmark deal gdi receives rights premium ws domain names last week gdi global domains international inc registry ws web site domains closed deal large publicly traded company one biggest players com arena received payment full rights select group premium ws domain names domain names resold highest bidders ultimately developed substantial ws web sites giving ws even publicity road removed http www netleads ws remove
"Subject: re : probability question from vince ' s article  thank you , michael ! i ' m forwarding your answer to vince kaminski , and thank  you for reading !  sam smith  5 - 8322  enron energy services  from : michael kim @ ees 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 50 pm  to : william . smith @ enron . com  cc :  subject : probability question from vince ' s article  answer is 0 . 2344  it ' s been awhile since i studied probability . i think this is a conditional  probability problem .  thank you .  mike kim",0,probability question vince article thank michael forwarding answer vince kaminski thank reading sam smith enron energy services michael kim ees pm william smith enron com cc subject probability question vince article answer awhile since studied probability think conditional probability problem thank mike kim
"Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details  the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 18 + 0200  from ntibrko 70111 . ibrk . nt . ftth . ppp . infoweb . ne . jp [ 211 . 2 . 26 . 111 ]  - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - -  - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - -  554 5 . 0 . 0 username or alias unknown  550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown",1,returned mail see transcript details original message received tue jul ntibrko ibrk nt ftth ppp infoweb ne jp following addresses permanent fatal errors transcript session follows username alias unknown user unknown
"Subject: fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  zimin ,  please , take a look at it .  i think we should download the update .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2001  11 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" michelle mendoza "" on 01 / 26 / 2001 02 : 33 : 14 pm  to :  cc :  subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  january 26 , 2001  vince kaminski  enron north america corp .  1400 smith street  30 th floor , rm . 3036 b  houston , tx 77251 - 1188  1 713 - 853 - 3848  dear vince kaminski ,  this is to inform you of the release of @ energy 2 . 0 . ftp download  instructions are available immediately . the download instructions are  included at the end of this email . your cd ' s and manuals will be shipped to  you within 2 weeks . please see below for more information regarding this new  release .  please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your  address above is correct by clicking reply and send . if any changes need to  be made , please make the changes above and reply .  * * warning : please note that if you did not received a license key for  @ energy after june 2000 , you will need to contact support @ fea . com or call  510 . 548 . 6200 to obtain a new license key to enable the new version . * *  * * swing users : @ energy / swing now replaces the "" swing "" product . see the  @ energy user manual for a discussion of the changes . contact fea for the  necessary license keys . you will be able to run both the new and old swing  simultaneously .  heres an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 6 :  @ energy ( forward curve )  jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ energy functions .  inputs and outputs to powercalib and comcalib have changed . see the  corresponding function syntax in the user guide for additional information .  35 - 40 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta .  @ energy ( basics )  different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you  use indexswap , exoticswap , or optindexswap with floating price linked to a  series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates  specified in the forward curve input . a new utility function , pathutil ,  allows you to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models  supported by @ energy . 25 - 30 % speed improvement .  @ energy ( advanced )  different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you  use optdiffswap or diffswap with floating price linked to a series of  futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in  the forward curve input . calspreadopt now allows for the specification of  two different mean reversion rates . 30 - 35 % speed improvement .  @ energy ( swing )  swingopt and stripswingopt now allow for valuation of swing straddle  contracts with overall load constraints . 65 - 70 % speed improvement . the  module is now out of beta .  @ energy ( weather )  30 - 35 % speed improvement .  if you have any questions please feel free to contact us . we appreciate this  opportunity to be of continuing service to enron north america corp . .  regards ,  michelle mendoza  support @ fea . com  + 1 - 510 - 548 - 6200  financial engineering associates , inc . ( fea )  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  to download @ energy 2 . 0 via ftp , follow the following instructions :  note : using explorer leads to unpredictable results , so we suggest using  netscape or a dos shell .  using netscape :  in the location box type : ftp : / / energy @ ftp . fea . com  password : 2 rbzxgv 5  energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe is for windows 95 / 98 / 2000 / nt . download and run on  a local drive .  using a dos shell :  at a dos prompt type : ftp ftp . fea . com  user : energy  password : 2 rbzxgv 5  type "" binary "" and hit ' return ' .  type "" ls "" for a list of available files .  type "" get "" energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe and and wait for the ftp > prompt .  type "" quit "" .  the file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp  site .  double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen .",0,fea announces release energy zimin please take look think download update vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect michelle mendoza pm cc subject fea announces release energy january vince kaminski enron north america corp smith street th floor rm b houston tx dear vince kaminski inform release energy ftp download instructions available immediately download instructions included end email cd manuals shipped within weeks please see information regarding new release please confirm correct recipient shipment address correct clicking reply send changes need made please make changes reply warning please note received license key energy june need contact support fea com call obtain new license key enable new version swing users energy swing replaces swing product see energy user manual discussion changes contact fea necessary license keys able run new old swing simultaneously heres overview new changed features since version energy forward curve jump parameters calibrated use energy functions inputs outputs powercalib comcalib changed see corresponding function syntax user guide additional information speed improvement module beta energy basics different interpolation schemes forward prices supported use indexswap exoticswap optindexswap floating price linked series futures dates futures dates need close dates specified forward curve input new utility function pathutil allows simulate visualize price paths consistent models supported energy speed improvement energy advanced different interpolation schemes forward prices supported use optdiffswap diffswap floating price linked series futures dates futures dates need close dates specified forward curve input calspreadopt allows specification two different mean reversion rates speed improvement energy swing swingopt stripswingopt allow valuation swing straddle contracts overall load constraints speed improvement module beta energy weather speed improvement questions please feel free contact us appreciate opportunity continuing service enron north america corp regards michelle mendoza support fea com financial engineering associates inc fea download energy via ftp follow following instructions note using explorer leads unpredictable results suggest using netscape dos shell using netscape location box type ftp energy ftp fea com password rbzxgv energy win exe windows nt download run local drive using dos shell dos prompt type ftp ftp fea com user energy password rbzxgv type binary hit return type ls list available files type get energy win exe wait ftp prompt type quit file downloaded directory entered ftp site double click exe follow instructions screen
"Subject: regain your confidence viagra online  your trusted source for prescription medication .  petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of reality .  the golden rule is that there are no golden rules .  gravity is a habit that is hard to shake off .  i have not failed , i ' ve just found 10 , 000 ways that won ' t work .",1,regain confidence viagra online trusted source prescription medication petty fears petty pleasures shadow reality golden rule golden rules gravity habit hard shake failed found ways work
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  manie ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards manie
"Subject: to ops - revised february bod approved risk management policy  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cassandra schultz / na / enron on 02 / 18 / 2001  10 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : cassandra schultz  02 / 18 / 2001 10 : 26 pm  to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey c  gossett / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect ,  brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , sheila  glover / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect , cindy horn / lon / ect @ ect , brenda f  herod / hou / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , howard carter / eu / enron @ enron ,  andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , orjan  agdesteen / osl / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , marcelo parra / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa ,  louis colarusso / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , heidi  mason / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jan - erland bekeng / ap / enron @ enron ,  kevin rhodes / eu / enron @ enron , naomi connell / lon / ect @ ect  cc : sally beck , shona wilson , chris abel  subject : to ops - revised february bod approved risk management policy  attached is the revised risk management policy incorporating the bod ' s  changes - please discard the previously circulated version i sent out prior  to the bod meeting . i ' ve also included a recap of substantive changes since  the october 2000 version that was circulated to you in conjuction with the  compliance certificates last fall , but you should read the policy to enhance  your understanding , and distribute it to your groups as some changes are  significant and are detailed further in the policy . i did notify the office  of the chair for each of your business units of these changes earlier this  week , and i will also provide them with a copy of the revised policy .  if you have any questions , feel free to give me a call at x 30429 .  regards ,  cassandra schultz  market risk management",0,ops revised february bod approved risk management policy fyi forwarded cassandra schultz na enron pm cassandra schultz pm bob hall na enron enron leslie reeves hou ect ect jeffrey c gossett hou ect ect peggy hedstrom cal ect ect stacey w white hou ect ect brent price hou ect ect scott earnest hou ect ect sheila glover hou ect ect todd hall hou ect cindy horn lon ect ect brenda f herod hou ect ect mike jordan lon ect ect howard carter eu enron enron andrew cornfield lon ect ect james new lon ect ect orjan agdesteen osl ect ect james new lon ect ect marcelo parra nyc mgusa mgusa louis colarusso nyc mgusa mgusa heidi mason enron development enron development jan erland bekeng ap enron enron kevin rhodes eu enron enron naomi connell lon ect ect cc sally beck shona wilson chris abel subject ops revised february bod approved risk management policy attached revised risk management policy incorporating bod changes please discard previously circulated version sent prior bod meeting also included recap substantive changes since october version circulated conjuction compliance certificates last fall read policy enhance understanding distribute groups changes significant detailed policy notify office chair business units changes earlier week also provide copy revised policy questions feel free give call x regards cassandra schultz market risk management
"Subject: rice / enron finance seminar series  a copy of paul schultz ' s paper , "" who makes the market , "" is now  available . the paper to can be obtained ( by monday for sure ) from felicia  jones ( economics ) , latha ramchand ( university of houston ) , and vince  kaminski ( enron ) or barbara ostdiek ( everyone else ) .  paul ' s seminar is friday , march 30 , at 3 : 30 in room 201 ( note the room  change ) .  the abstract of the paper is copied below :  abstract  "" i provide evidence that nasdaq dealers make markets in the stocks in which  they receive order flow . several variables used to proxy for the stocks  that individual market maker ' s brokerage customers would trade , including  trading volume , location , underwriting participation and analyst coverage ,  are significant determinants of market marking activity . informational  advantages may also be a factor in the market making decision as evidenced  by dealers specializing in stocks in specific industries . some potential  problems that arise when researchers ignore the integration of market  making with brokerage , securities analysis and underwriting businesses are  discussed . """,0,rice enron finance seminar series copy paul schultz paper makes market available paper obtained monday sure felicia jones economics latha ramchand university houston vince kaminski enron barbara ostdiek everyone else paul seminar friday march room note room change abstract paper copied abstract provide evidence nasdaq dealers make markets stocks receive order flow several variables used proxy stocks individual market maker brokerage customers would trade including trading volume location underwriting participation analyst coverage significant determinants market marking activity informational advantages may also factor market making decision evidenced dealers specializing stocks specific industries potential problems arise researchers ignore integration market making brokerage securities analysis underwriting businesses discussed
"Subject: the ferc staff report on western markets and the causes of the  summer 2000 price abormalities , entit  the ferc staff report on western markets and the causes of the summer 2000  price abormalities , entitled , part i of staff report on u . s . bulk power  markets , is available at the following website :  http : / / www . ferc . fed . us / electric / bulkpower . htm . if you have any questions or  comments , please call jack cashin at 202 / 508 - 5499 .",0,ferc staff report western markets causes summer price abormalities entit ferc staff report western markets causes summer price abormalities entitled part staff report u bulk power markets available following website http www ferc fed us electric bulkpower htm questions comments please call jack cashin
"Subject: friday night dinner itinerary  dinner team itinerary  date : friday , december 1 , 2000  restaurant : la columbe d ' or  3410 montrose  713 - 524 - 7999  cocktails : 7 : 30 pm  dinner : 8 : 30 pm  ) 10 : 30 pm  table no . 7  executive host : vince kaminski  associate / analyst co - host : joana ryan  dinner details :  all super saturday candidates will be arriving at the restaurant by shuttle .  a member of the associate and analyst program staff will greet them . this  staff member will also be there to assist you .  there will be a short cocktail reception prior to dinner . during the  reception , you will have the opportunity to meet many of the candidates . a  table has been reserved in the executive host  , s name . students will not have  seating assignments this year . the hosts should feel free to invite up to  four students to sit at their table if desired .  dress for the evening is business attire . hosts are no longer responsible  for the bill .  if you would like to provide feedback on any candidate , an evaluation form is  attached or you may discuss your input with the associate and analyst staff  member after dinner . the evaluation form must be faxed to 713 - 646 - 5935 ,  prior to 12 : 00 p . m . on saturday to be included in the decision meeting .",0,friday night dinner itinerary dinner team itinerary date friday december restaurant la columbe montrose cocktails pm dinner pm pm table executive host vince kaminski associate analyst co host joana ryan dinner details super saturday candidates arriving restaurant shuttle member associate analyst program staff greet staff member also assist short cocktail reception prior dinner reception opportunity meet many candidates table reserved executive host name students seating assignments year hosts feel free invite four students sit table desired dress evening business attire hosts longer responsible bill would like provide feedback candidate evaluation form attached may discuss input associate analyst staff member dinner evaluation form must faxed prior p saturday included decision meeting
"Subject: associate and analyst program contacts  associate and analyst programs ( the  & programs  8 ) are administered globally .  listed below is the contact information for the offices that utilize the  programs . please do not hesitate to contact the individuals identified with  any questions , placement needs or hiring needs .  houston / portland / australia  celeste roberts , program director . manages the daily operations . her  assistant is dolores muzzy and can be reached at ext . 3 - 6245 .  ginger gamble . overall responsibility for associate recruiting . candidates  interested in the associate program can forward their inquiries and resumes  to ginger at ebl 191 . ginger can also be reached at ext . 3 - 7583 or by e - mail  at ginger . b . gamble @ enron . com .  shelly jones . overall responsibility for analyst recruiting . candidates  interested in the analyst program can forward their inquiries and resumes to  shelly at ebl 175 . shelly can also be reached at ext . 3 - 0943 or by e - mail at  shelly . jones @ enron . com .  jana giovannini . responsible for operations and expenses . jana can be  reached at ext . 3 - 9233 or by e - mail at jana . giovannini @ enron . com . jana is  located at ebl 187 .  shannon rodgers . responsible for associate rotations . associates and hiring  managers who need information on rotations and associate availability should  contact shannon at extension 3 - 3853 or by e - mail at shannon . rodgers @ enron . com  . shannon is located at ebl 186 a .  elizabeth boudreaux . responsible for analyst rotations . analysts and hiring  managers who need information on rotations and analyst availability should  contact elizabeth at ext . 3 - 6176 or by e - mail at  elizabeth . boudreaux @ enron . com . elizabeth is located at ebl 186 b .  argentina / bolivia / brazil  miguel padron . responsible for associate and analyst rotations , operations  and expenses . his assistant is rosely nassar and can be reached at 5503 - 1243 .  disneau santiago . responsible for associate and analyst recruitment .  disneau  , s assistant is marlene muniz and can be reached at 5503 - 1244 .  calgary  dawn doucet . responsible for associate and analyst recruiting and rotations .  candidates interested in either the associate or analyst programs can forward  their inquiries and resumes to dawn in the calgary office . dawn can be  reached at ( 403 ) 974 - 6724 , the fax number is ( 403 ) 974 - 6985 or by e - mail at  dawn . doucet @ enron . com .  london  elizabeth barrett , director of european program . she can be reached at + 44  20 7783 7701 .  sophie kingsley . responsible for day to day management of the european  program , both pre / post hire , including associate and analyst rotations and  international transfers . sophie can be reached at + 44 20 7783 7975 or by  e - mail at skingsley @ enron . com .  india  ranen sengupta and dick liebert . responsible for associate and analyst  recruiting and rotations . candidates interested in either the associate or  analyst programs can forward their inquiries and resumes to ranen sengupta or  dick liebert . ranen can be reached at ext . 6 - 7967 and his e - mail is  ranen . sengupta @ enron . com . dick leibert  , s extension is 6 - 7145 and his e - mail  is dick . liebert @ enron . com .",0,associate analyst program contacts associate analyst programs programs administered globally listed contact information offices utilize programs please hesitate contact individuals identified questions placement needs hiring needs houston portland australia celeste roberts program director manages daily operations assistant dolores muzzy reached ext ginger gamble overall responsibility associate recruiting candidates interested associate program forward inquiries resumes ginger ebl ginger also reached ext e mail ginger b gamble enron com shelly jones overall responsibility analyst recruiting candidates interested analyst program forward inquiries resumes shelly ebl shelly also reached ext e mail shelly jones enron com jana giovannini responsible operations expenses jana reached ext e mail jana giovannini enron com jana located ebl shannon rodgers responsible associate rotations associates hiring managers need information rotations associate availability contact shannon extension e mail shannon rodgers enron com shannon located ebl elizabeth boudreaux responsible analyst rotations analysts hiring managers need information rotations analyst availability contact elizabeth ext e mail elizabeth boudreaux enron com elizabeth located ebl b argentina bolivia brazil miguel padron responsible associate analyst rotations operations expenses assistant rosely nassar reached disneau santiago responsible associate analyst recruitment disneau assistant marlene muniz reached calgary dawn doucet responsible associate analyst recruiting rotations candidates interested either associate analyst programs forward inquiries resumes dawn calgary office dawn reached fax number e mail dawn doucet enron com london elizabeth barrett director european program reached sophie kingsley responsible day day management european program pre post hire including associate analyst rotations international transfers sophie reached e mail skingsley enron com india ranen sengupta dick liebert responsible associate analyst recruiting rotations candidates interested either associate analyst programs forward inquiries resumes ranen sengupta dick liebert ranen reached ext e mail ranen sengupta enron com dick leibert extension e mail dick liebert enron com
"Subject: interview schedule for japan office  tanya ,  you and i will interview yumi , a candidate for darren delage in tokyo office .  the time is scheduled at 4 : 50 pm next tuesday in my office . i will get the  resume  before the interview . please mark the interview time on your schedule .  thanks .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2001 09 : 00 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : darren delage @ enron on 01 / 12 / 2001 11 : 59 am ze 9  to : "" mm 21 yumi ""  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : next tuesday  good afternoon imokawa - san ,  we would like to invite you to have a brief dialogue with some members of our  research team . they would like to ask you to briefly expound on your  mathematical studies . if you could please contact them next wednesday at  7 : 50 am ( it should be 4 : 50 pm houston time , tuesday ) . the conversation should  take no more than 20 minutes of your time , and will enable us to get a more  enhanced understanding of your quantitative abilities .  zimin lu , director of research , can be reached at 713 - 853 - 6388  to dial from japan , 0061 - 1 - 713 - 853 - 6388  if you could please send zimin a copy of your resume before the interview ,  that would be much appreciated . you can call the above number to obtain the  appropriate fax number .  i will be in touch with you shortly thereafter .  sincerely ,  darren  "" mm 21 yumi ""  01 / 11 / 2001 08 : 35 pm  to :  cc :  subject : thank you  darren , thank you for cordinating everything .  i understand it takes time , this is  only the first week of the year in japan , and i do not like to  push you much . normally , i have long meetings every thursday .  for other dates , i make best effort to fit the schedule for  your convenience , including early morning or late evening .  i am looking forward to seeing you sometime soon .  sincerely ,  yumi imokawa",0,interview schedule japan office tanya interview yumi candidate darren delage tokyo office time scheduled pm next tuesday office get resume interview please mark interview time schedule thanks zimin forwarded zimin lu hou ect darren delage enron ze mm yumi cc zimin lu hou ect ect subject next tuesday good afternoon imokawa san would like invite brief dialogue members research team would like ask briefly expound mathematical studies could please contact next wednesday pm houston time tuesday conversation take minutes time enable us get enhanced understanding quantitative abilities zimin lu director research reached dial japan could please send zimin copy resume interview would much appreciated call number obtain appropriate fax number touch shortly thereafter sincerely darren mm yumi pm cc subject thank darren thank cordinating everything understand takes time first week year japan like push much normally long meetings every thursday dates make best effort fit schedule convenience including early morning late evening looking forward seeing sometime soon sincerely yumi imokawa
"Subject: jason sokolov ' s removal from ted murphy ' s cost center  norma :  ted murphy would like to have jason removed from his cost center  effective december 16 th . vince said that it would be ok to have him  added to our cost center , effective that date . he is not supposed to start  with the research group until the 28 th , but needs a home from the 16 th to  the 28 th , so we will pick him up .  can you take care of this ?  thanks !  shirley  3 - 5290",0,jason sokolov removal ted murphy cost center norma ted murphy would like jason removed cost center effective december th vince said would ok added cost center effective date supposed start research group th needs home th th pick take care thanks shirley
"Subject: times 2 filing units  pat :  recently , i talked with you about ordering another filing unit . it turns out  that we need 2 more filing units . please order them the same size as the  floor to ceiling cabinet we have . have the inside of the cabinets configured  as follows :  1 cabinet should have 5 shelves  1 cabinet should have 6 shelves  when interstore was here today reconfiguing 2 of our existing cabinets , they  removed 8 shelves that they are going to use on these new units .  please price these 2 new units and charge them to co . # 0413 , rc # 107043 .  please let me the prices and approximate delivery date . also , let me know  if you need anything else . thanks . anita",0,times filing units pat recently talked ordering another filing unit turns need filing units please order size floor ceiling cabinet inside cabinets configured follows cabinet shelves cabinet shelves interstore today reconfiguing existing cabinets removed shelves going use new units please price new units charge co rc please let prices approximate delivery date also let know need anything else thanks anita
"Subject: re : holiday greeting from jerry wind  - holiday , revisionl . doc",0,holiday greeting jerry wind holiday revisionl doc
"Subject: hot stock info : drgv announces another press release  a $ 3 , 800 investment could be worth $ 50 , 000 in a short period of time . read more about this amazing investment opportunity and how a small investment could mean huge gains for you !  there  is no doubt that china stocks , which are new to u . s . stock markets , are destined to blast off . it happens time and time and time  again . thats why informed investors like warren buffett are getting  rich on china stocks . the market is enormous and now its your  turn . the upside potential for drgv is huge . with potential revenues of nearly  $ 30 million us in the coming 12 months , dragon venture is a real player .  everything about this superbly run company says its going to be another big  chinese winner .  warren buffett  said u . s . stocks are too expensive so he poured a chunk of his money into china . everyone knows what happens when mr . buffett gets into a market , it usually explodes !  here is why we are placing a  target price of $ 1 . 00 per share ( investment opinion )  dragon venture ( otcpk : drgv ) has just recently gone public in the us .  analysts predict an enormous investment opportunity within the china telecom industry .  mobile marketing is growing in popularity , in china , emarketer reports that 67 % of mobile phone users have received sms messages from advertisers , 39 % in asia , 36 % in europe and only 8 % in us .  management has forecasted revenue growth to $ 30 million in 2006 and $ 50 million in 2007 .  short messaging services ( sms ) is a strong telecom niche . this is an asian phenomenon ! !  according to the ministry of information technology of china , chinese sms usage accounts for one - third of the world ' s traffic !  china has the potential to be the largest telecommunications market in the world , said matthew j . flanigan , u . s . telecommunications industry president .  drgv won ' t be selling at $ 0 . 0775 a share for long . within days , the buzz about this company will spread on the street . the stock is ready to move up for a breakout to $ . 50 to $ 1 per share . drgv is a must buy for any micro - cap investors . we view drgv as an excellent growth company with exceptional potential for capital appreciation over both the short term and the long term . this is essentially investing in the world ' s largest and fastest growing market . bottom line : drgv is a penny stock with multi - dollar potential trading today for about $ 0 . 0775 / share . we are targeting the stock to trade in the range of $ 1 a share . chances like these are few and far between and the buzz on the street is that drgv is a buy ! who knows when you ' ll have another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors strike when the iron ' s hot and with drgv , it ' s sizzling  investor alert specializes in investment research in china . we are not registered investment advisor or broker / dealer . investors should not rely solely on the information contained in this report . rather , investors should use the information contained in this report as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the featured companies . factual statements in this report are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . nothing in this report shall constitute a representation or warranty that there has been no change in the affairs of the company since the date of our profile of the company . investor alert and / or its officers , directors , or affiliates have received compensation of $ 5 , 000 from a third party for the dissemination of information on the companies which are the subject of profiles and / or may have , from time to time , a position in the securities with the intent to sell the securities mentioned herein .  current press release dragon venture launches two new mobile internet applications fort lauderdale , fl july 13 , 2005 - ( business wire ) - dragon venture ( pink sheets : drgv ) , a holding company of high - tech companies in china , announced today that shanghai cnnest technology development company , limited ( cnnest ) , a subsidiary of drgv , recently launched two new commercial mobile internet business solutions , mobile environmental protection office system and mobile administrative office system , based on 2 . 5 g wireless technology .  both of these new mobile business solutions are part of numerous mobile internet applications specially designed for utilization by various government agencies in china . this launch was a stated goal of cnnest in 2005 and accomplished on time . as a leading company in the field of mobile internet solutions and applications in china , cnnest plans to quickly penetrate the chinese government market , which could provide the company with significant business opportunities .  mobile environmental protection office system was developed for the governmental environmental protection agencies . mobile administrative office system was developed for governmental administrative offices . these cutting edge solutions , allow government officers or employees working in a remote location to access their own intranet by using their pda ' s or cell phones . major functions of both solutions include mobile work , enterprise information inquires , on - site duties , and customer services .  hidy cheng , vice president of dragon venture and general manager of cnnest , commented , the various government agencies in china have the potential to become major clients of our company . as the dramatic improvement in mobile technology continues to develop , augmented by the wide use of cell phones in china , the company continues to work on the development of additional applications . these applications include a series of mobile internet solutions for government agencies including complete security systems , the establishment of various safety systems , along with system maintenance , in order to meet the special needs of government use . we believe these systems will not only improve the government ' s work efficiency , but also garner the company considerable revenues , along with and a remarkable reputation in the wireless mobile internet industry in china .  about dragon venture  dragon venture ( dragon ) is doing business in china through its subsidiaries . dragon was established to serve as a conduit between chinese high - growth companies and western investors . the current focus of dragon is on the development of wireless 3 g - based applications and business solutions . two companies that dragon has acquired are among the leading providers of mobile internet applications and business solutions in china . as china emerges as a growing force on the global stage , dragon ' s professionals will provide invaluable services for western investors seeking to gain access to the chinese high - tech economy . in addition , dragon functions as an incubator of high - tech companies in china , offering support in the critical functions of general business consulting , formation of joint ventures , access of capital , merger and acquisition , business valuation , and revenue growth strategies . dragon will develop a portfolio of high - tech companies operating in china . our focus will be on innovative technological applications , which are poised to alter the competitive landscape of the industry . in addition , the company acquires and invests in innovative technology companies in china or forms joint ventures with both american and chinese companies , focusing on emerging technology industries including telecommunication , information technology , wireless applications , and other high - tech industries .  safe harbor statement  certain statements set forth in this press release constitute forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements include , without limitation , any statement that may predict , forecast , indicate , or imply future results , performance or achievements , and may contain the words estimate , project , intend , forecast , anticipate , plan , planning , expect , believe , will likely , should , could , would , may or words or expressions of similar meaning . such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company ' s actual results and financial position to differ materially from those included within the forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements involve risks and uncertainties , including those relating to the company ' s ability to grow its business . actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance . the potential risks and uncertainties include , among others , the company ' s limited operating history , the limited financial resources , domestic or global economic conditions - - especially those relating to china , activities of competitors and the presence of new or additional competition , and changes in federal or state laws , restrictions and regulations on doing business in a foreign country , in particular china , and conditions of equity markets .  dragon venture 335 guoding rd . building 2 , ste . 2009 shanghai , china 200081 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,hot stock info drgv announces another press release investment could worth short period time read amazing investment opportunity small investment could mean huge gains doubt china stocks new u stock markets destined blast happens time time time thats informed investors like warren buffett getting rich china stocks market enormous turn upside potential drgv huge potential revenues nearly million us coming months dragon venture real player everything superbly run company says going another big chinese winner warren buffett said u stocks expensive poured chunk money china everyone knows happens mr buffett gets market usually explodes placing target price per share investment opinion dragon venture otcpk drgv recently gone public us analysts predict enormous investment opportunity within china telecom industry mobile marketing growing popularity china emarketer reports mobile phone users received sms messages advertisers asia europe us management forecasted revenue growth million million short messaging services sms strong telecom niche asian phenomenon according ministry information technology china chinese sms usage accounts one third world traffic china potential largest telecommunications market world said matthew j flanigan u telecommunications industry president drgv selling share long within days buzz company spread street stock ready move breakout per share drgv must buy micro cap investors view drgv excellent growth company exceptional potential capital appreciation short term long term essentially investing world largest fastest growing market bottom line drgv penny stock multi dollar potential trading today share targeting stock trade range share chances like far buzz street drgv buy knows another chance turn huge profit smart investors strike iron hot drgv sizzling investor alert specializes investment research china registered investment advisor broker dealer investors rely solely information contained report rather investors use information contained report starting point additional independent research featured companies factual statements report made date stated subject change without notice nothing report shall constitute representation warranty change affairs company since date profile company investor alert officers directors affiliates received compensation third party dissemination information companies subject profiles may time time position securities intent sell securities mentioned herein current press release dragon venture launches two new mobile internet applications fort lauderdale fl july business wire dragon venture pink sheets drgv holding company high tech companies china announced today shanghai cnnest technology development company limited cnnest subsidiary drgv recently launched two new commercial mobile internet business solutions mobile environmental protection office system mobile administrative office system based g wireless technology new mobile business solutions part numerous mobile internet applications specially designed utilization various government agencies china launch stated goal cnnest accomplished time leading company field mobile internet solutions applications china cnnest plans quickly penetrate chinese government market could provide company significant business opportunities mobile environmental protection office system developed governmental environmental protection agencies mobile administrative office system developed governmental administrative offices cutting edge solutions allow government officers employees working remote location access intranet using pda cell phones major functions solutions include mobile work enterprise information inquires site duties customer services hidy cheng vice president dragon venture general manager cnnest commented various government agencies china potential become major clients company dramatic improvement mobile technology continues develop augmented wide use cell phones china company continues work development additional applications applications include series mobile internet solutions government agencies including complete security systems establishment various safety systems along system maintenance order meet special needs government use believe systems improve government work efficiency also garner company considerable revenues along remarkable reputation wireless mobile internet industry china dragon venture dragon venture dragon business china subsidiaries dragon established serve conduit chinese high growth companies western investors current focus dragon development wireless g based applications business solutions two companies dragon acquired among leading providers mobile internet applications business solutions china china emerges growing force global stage dragon professionals provide invaluable services western investors seeking gain access chinese high tech economy addition dragon functions incubator high tech companies china offering support critical functions general business consulting formation joint ventures access capital merger acquisition business valuation revenue growth strategies dragon develop portfolio high tech companies operating china focus innovative technological applications poised alter competitive landscape industry addition company acquires invests innovative technology companies china forms joint ventures american chinese companies focusing emerging technology industries including telecommunication information technology wireless applications high tech industries safe harbor statement certain statements set forth press release constitute forward looking statements forward looking statements include without limitation statement may predict forecast indicate imply future results performance achievements may contain words estimate project intend forecast anticipate plan planning expect believe likely could would may words expressions similar meaning statements guarantees future performance subject risks uncertainties could cause company actual results financial position differ materially included within forward looking statements forward looking statements involve risks uncertainties including relating company ability grow business actual results may differ materially results predicted reported results considered indication future performance potential risks uncertainties include among others company limited operating history limited financial resources domestic global economic conditions especially relating china activities competitors presence new additional competition changes federal state laws restrictions regulations business foreign country particular china conditions equity markets dragon venture guoding rd building ste shanghai china e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: re : managing energy price risk - 2 nd edition  janette ,  thanks .  vince kaminski  enron corp .  1400 smith street , room 1962  houston , tx 77251 - 1188  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2599  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  vince  "" janette jagernauth "" on 01 / 06 / 2000 05 : 49 : 27 am  please respond to "" janette jagernauth ""  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : managing energy price risk - 2 nd edition  dear mr kaminski ,  i do hope that you had a pleasant christmas and new year , like ourselves at  risk .  i am currently producing the author cards which you discussed with my  manager , paula soutinho , and would like to know where you would like them  delivered to . i have ordered a quantity of 200 which i hope is to your  satisfaction .  if you have any queries please do not hesitate in contacting either myself or  paula ,  kind regards  janette jagernauth  marketing assistant - risk books  - attl . htm",0,managing energy price risk nd edition janette thanks vince kaminski enron corp smith street room houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com vince janette jagernauth please respond janette jagernauth vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject managing energy price risk nd edition dear mr kaminski hope pleasant christmas new year like risk currently producing author cards discussed manager paula soutinho would like know would like delivered ordered quantity hope satisfaction queries please hesitate contacting either paula kind regards janette jagernauth marketing assistant risk books attl htm
"Subject: re : further actions on anjam ' s departure  anjam has told me he is not going to an energy competitor ( he mentioned  weather derivatives as a the only overlap . i therefore see this as low risk  from a security point of view , so let ' s make sure handover is thorough . you  might focus our security efforts on his access to weather - related info .  richard  steven leppard  26 / 10 / 2000 17 : 06  to : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , richard  lewis / lon / ect @ ect  subject : further actions on anjam ' s departure  hi mel  further to our earlier discussions here ' s the full list of actions we ' d like  to put into place regarding anjam ' s departure :  hr - type stuff :  1 . get anjam off the trading floor as soon as possible . there is no need for  him to remain on the floor . this will need to be delayed until it number 1  is completed ( cataloguing his work ) .  2 . determine where anjam is heading . we need to know who is going to know  our positions and curves next .  3 . remove his security pass , and insist that he is always accompanied when in  the building . sharad is to sit with him while he catalogues his work .  it - type stuff :  1 . ask him to catalogue the contents of his h : drive , since the rest of the  group will need to support his work in the future . this should take no more  than a day or two .  2 . get it to obtain their backups of anjam ' s h : drive for weekly intervals  over the last two months . this will allow us to determine what he has  deleted .  3 . get it to provide a snapshot of anjam ' s notes folders , and provide records  of mail sent out to the internet over the last couple of months . i ' m worried  about code / data he may have zipped up and mailed out .  4 . ask it to use a utility program to determine what has been deleted from  anjam ' s c : drives . there may be useful info here too .  5 . revoke all internet access , whether via explorer or notes mail .  6 . get a record of all files he has printed over the last couple of months .  vince has ok ' d this lot , so let ' s do it asap .  many thanks ,  steve",0,actions anjam departure anjam told going energy competitor mentioned weather derivatives overlap therefore see low risk security point view let make sure handover thorough might focus security efforts access weather related info richard steven leppard melanie doyle lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect richard lewis lon ect ect subject actions anjam departure hi mel earlier discussions full list actions like put place regarding anjam departure hr type stuff get anjam trading floor soon possible need remain floor need delayed number completed cataloguing work determine anjam heading need know going know positions curves next remove security pass insist always accompanied building sharad sit catalogues work type stuff ask catalogue contents h drive since rest group need support work future take day two get obtain backups anjam h drive weekly intervals last two months allow us determine deleted get provide snapshot anjam notes folders provide records mail sent internet last couple months worried code data may zipped mailed ask use utility program determine deleted anjam c drives may useful info revoke internet access whether via explorer notes mail get record files printed last couple months vince ok lot let asap many thanks steve
"Subject: fw : enron contact info  vince and jeff . . . the following is "" fyi "" . . . my assistant is working on the  flight arrangements . also , "" fyi "" , the doubletree and other downtown hotels  were entirely , or mostly , sold out , but my assistant found a good rate at the  warwick [ $ 115 ] by herman park , where everyone will be ' housed ' in the same  location for one night - - i also think this location is a good ' houston - sell ' .  dinner is scheduled for 7 thursday evening at churrasco ' s , and my group is  arranging the "" tourenron "" - - breaking this group into 2 . [ fyi : the energy club  from smu ( another skilling alma mater ) had long ago also schedule a tour that  day , so we ' ll have 19 from smu and 18 from wharton on the same day . . . but so  far , all seems manageable . ]  as "" tour times "" are set , and business unit interview requests are received  from the students , i ' ll keep you posted .  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000  05 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  fap on 12 / 19 / 2000 01 : 49 : 52 pm  to : "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' "" ,  "" ' melinda . mccarthy @ enron . com ' ""  cc : fap  subject : fw : enron contact info  christie ( melinda and / or marie )  all contact info is listed below by team and project , as well as faculty , ta  and others . those with ( * ) will be traveling to houston . i have a total of  18 attending .  according to my records , the following will stay beyond the friday departure  ( at their own expense ) and leave houston on sunday , 21 jan : heather thorne ,  jack rejtman , deepa mallik , donna piazze . dennis feerick would like to  depart on sat am , if possible . he sent a separate email addressing this .  enron 1 * vincent chen  vincent . chen . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 1 * nick levitt  nicholas . levitt . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu ( wholesale project )  enron 1 * deepa mallik mallikd @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 1 * jack rejtman  jack . rejtman . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 1 * kim whitsel whitselk @ wharton . upenn . edu  * * * team contact  enron 1 * tulika bhalla  bhallat @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 2 * jaideep singh  singhjai @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 2 * edson otani edsono @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 2 * joshua leventhal levent 86 @ wharton . upenn . edu  * * * team contact  enron 2 * pat henahan mhenahan @ wharton . upenn . edu  ( future shape of energy markets project )  enron 2 murat camoglu camoglum @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 2 * gustavo palazzi gustavop @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 3 * clay degiacinto  enron 3 * steve lessar  stephen . lessar . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 3 * ram vittal mvittal @ wharton . upenn . edu  * * * team contact  enron 3 jason cummins marc . cummins . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu  ( retail project )  enron 3 * omar bassel bassalo @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 3 * dennis feerick  dennis . feerick . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu  professors : louis thomas thomas @ wharton . upenn . edu  keith weigelt weigelt @ wharton . upenn . edu  ta : heather thorne hethorne @ wharton . upenn . edu *  fap : donna piazze piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu *",0,fw enron contact info vince jeff following fyi assistant working flight arrangements also fyi doubletree downtown hotels entirely mostly sold assistant found good rate warwick herman park everyone housed location one night also think location good houston sell dinner scheduled thursday evening churrasco group arranging tourenron breaking group fyi energy club smu another skilling alma mater long ago also schedule tour day smu wharton day far seems manageable tour times set business unit interview requests received students keep posted thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm fap pm christie patrick enron com melinda mccarthy enron com cc fap subject fw enron contact info christie melinda marie contact info listed team project well faculty ta others traveling houston total attending according records following stay beyond friday departure expense leave houston sunday jan heather thorne jack rejtman deepa mallik donna piazze dennis feerick would like depart sat possible sent separate email addressing enron vincent chen vincent chen wgo wharton upenn edu enron nick levitt nicholas levitt wgo wharton upenn edu wholesale project enron deepa mallik mallikd wharton upenn edu enron jack rejtman jack rejtman wgo wharton upenn edu enron kim whitsel whitselk wharton upenn edu team contact enron tulika bhalla bhallat wharton upenn edu enron jaideep singh singhjai wharton upenn edu enron edson otani edsono wharton upenn edu enron joshua leventhal levent wharton upenn edu team contact enron pat henahan mhenahan wharton upenn edu future shape energy markets project enron murat camoglu camoglum wharton upenn edu enron gustavo palazzi gustavop wharton upenn edu enron clay degiacinto enron steve lessar stephen lessar wgo wharton upenn edu enron ram vittal mvittal wharton upenn edu team contact enron jason cummins marc cummins wgo wharton upenn edu retail project enron omar bassel bassalo wharton upenn edu enron dennis feerick dennis feerick wgo wharton upenn edu professors louis thomas thomas wharton upenn edu keith weigelt weigelt wharton upenn edu ta heather thorne hethorne wharton upenn edu fap donna piazze piazze wharton upenn edu
"Subject: fw : [ 5 ]  how have you been ?  i have very exciting news !  we finally were able to save an extra $ 450 a month .  we reflnanced our mortgage with a 3 . 75 % lower rate , and closing was fast !  the application was free and we got several low rate quotes within days  ciick on this link and check it out !  time to save .  if you prefer to be left out of this amazing offer going here will help you to do so .",1,fw exciting news finally able save extra month reflnanced mortgage lower rate closing fast application free got several low rate quotes within days ciick link check time save prefer left amazing offer going help
"Subject: re : lawyer  what do i need to do to move this thing forward ?  i suspect that the problem is basically with the lawyers . they only know how  to stop things , but in a way they play a role in global society . if it were  not for the handicaps they lay on us the rest of the world would never have a  chance .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : 3 / 8 / 01 12 : 12 pm  subject : re : lawyer  ian ,  sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  i have one challenge i did not anticipate  when i talked to you the first time about our real options  internal seminar .  the materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor  from another school , and there is some sensitivity regarding  the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the  materials  outside enron .  please , give me some time to find out if i can work  around this issue .  vince  "" macmillan , ian "" on 03 / 07 / 2001 06 : 46 : 28 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : lawyer  i still have not heard from your lawyer . i would like to see whar  materials you are using and assess how we could work on the topic of  real  options with enron",0,lawyer need move thing forward suspect problem basically lawyers know stop things way play role global society handicaps lay us rest world would never chance original message vince j kaminski enron com macmilli wharton upenn edu cc vince j kaminski enron com sent pm subject lawyer ian sorry delay getting back one challenge anticipate talked first time real options internal seminar materials prepared collaboration professor another school sensitivity regarding intellectual property rights ability distribute materials outside enron please give time find work around issue vince macmillan ian vince j kaminski enron com cc subject lawyer still heard lawyer would like see whar materials using assess could work topic real options enron
"Subject: re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of  boston university  iris ,  please , check with shirley . she keeps my calendar up to date .  also , we got a 2 nd desk for you with the credit group  on the 23 rd floor . you can divide your time  bet the 19 th floor and the 23 rd floor to stay in touch with the  business unit . please , check with vasant and he will introduce you to the  credit team here in houston ( jeff kinneman , craig chaney ) .  also , please plan for a trip to london in 3 - 4 weeks .  vince  vince  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 02 / 2001 09 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of  boston university  hi ,  thanks for your prompt response .  nalin kulatilaka wants to visit when you are in town . what are good  thursdays for you ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 02 , 2001 8 : 14 am  to : mack , iris  cc : gibner , stinson ; kaminski , vince  subject : re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of  boston university  iris ,  i wrote an endorsement for his book on real options ( it was on the cover  under jeff skilling ' s  name ) . let ' s invite him to the thursday lunch .  vince  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 29 / 2001 05 : 52 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / enron communications  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston  university  hi stinson ,  a colleague of mine - professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university -  is interested in visiting enron to give a talk on work he is doing in the  broadband area .  please see the forwarded emails for further information and available  dates .  can you let me know if we can give him a forum at one of our thursday  research lunches or a friday brown bag lunch ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : nalin kulatilaka @ enron  com ]  sent : thursday , march 29 , 2001 5 : 40 pm  to : mack , iris  cc : lin , martin  subject : re : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston  university  hi iris  i have two different hats to wear in talking to enron . one is as a  financial economist . the other as the director of the newly formed "" global  mobility innovation initiative ( gmii ) - - this is the research project  funded by lucent , involving bu , lbs , and insead , to study various aspects  of the mobile internet ( read 3 g ) .  on the former i am working with a couple of ph . d . students in understanding  ( a ) details of how having physical supply ( inventory ) can be used by a  market maker . this is a problem that has been studies in the context of  specialists inventory in the stock market but i think really interesting in  the way enron does it in some of the newer markets like bandwidth . i  think this is a big issue in lighting up all the dark fiber that is in the  ground .  ( b ) how enron is disciplining the internal decision making process with  market . this is in many ways the critical aspect of real options that  most finance people miss - - having options is one thing but exercising them  and realizing their value is another . all of the incomplete contracting ,  asymmetric information , and incentive issues are ignored in real options  valuation models . but they are real in practice . my impression is enron ' s  real success is in putting place an organization that is able to mitigate  these problems by imposing a market disciplining .  ( c ) how enron manages the various books that involve physicals , financials ,  credit etc . this is specially important when many of the real assets have  options features and therefore , include non - linear risk profiles . the  story of gas is pretty well understood but not many of the others markets  enron has been moving into over the last few years .  on the gmii front , i think that some interesting opportunities arise when  you think of the spectrum in a way similar to that of dark fiber . i am  working with several people at lucent on this issue . i think it would be  wonderful to engage in a conversation with enron and lucent folks in the room .  i can do a lunch time talk on any of these issues . perhaps we can discuss  some of these over a conference call . clearly , having vince kaminski in the  room would be very important to me .  as for schedules , the first 3 weeks of april are horrible . april 26 / 27 ,  may 3 / 4 are good for me .  regards  nalin  at 06 : 56 pm 03 / 22 / 2001 , mack , iris wrote :  > hi ,  >  > as we briefly discussed , i spoke with one of my colleagues ( dr .  > martin lin ) about your visiting enron to give a talk and to spend some  > time with us to discuss you work in telecommunications , real options ,  > etc .  >  > martin and i are working on various broadband related problems .  >  > we thought it might be helpful if you let us know a bit more about  > the following :  > * when you want to come ( the research group has weekly  > catered lunch on thursday and brown bag lunches on every other friday ) .  >  > * a description of what you want to talk about with respect  > to telecoms , broadband , etc .  > * who you would like to meet with me - vince kaminski ( our  > boss ) , any other of our colleagues in research , broadband , etc .  > . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . etc .  >  >  >  >  > look forward to hearing from you .  >  > regards ,  > iris",0,fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university iris please check shirley keeps calendar date also got nd desk credit group rd floor divide time bet th floor rd floor stay touch business unit please check vasant introduce credit team houston jeff kinneman craig chaney also please plan trip london weeks vince vince iris mack enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect subject fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi thanks prompt response nalin kulatilaka wants visit town good thursdays thanks iris original message kaminski vince sent monday april mack iris cc gibner stinson kaminski vince subject fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university iris wrote endorsement book real options cover jeff skilling name let invite thursday lunch vince iris mack enron enronxgate pm stinson gibner hou ect ect stinson gibner enron communications cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi stinson colleague mine professor nalin kulatilaka boston university interested visiting enron give talk work broadband area please see forwarded emails information available dates let know give forum one thursday research lunches friday brown bag lunch thanks iris original message nalin kulatilaka enron com sent thursday march pm mack iris cc lin martin subject possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi iris two different hats wear talking enron one financial economist director newly formed global mobility innovation initiative gmii research project funded lucent involving bu lbs insead study various aspects mobile internet read g former working couple ph students understanding details physical supply inventory used market maker problem studies context specialists inventory stock market think really interesting way enron newer markets like bandwidth think big issue lighting dark fiber ground b enron disciplining internal decision making process market many ways critical aspect real options finance people miss options one thing exercising realizing value another incomplete contracting asymmetric information incentive issues ignored real options valuation models real practice impression enron real success putting place organization able mitigate problems imposing market disciplining c enron manages various books involve physicals financials credit etc specially important many real assets options features therefore include non linear risk profiles story gas pretty well understood many others markets enron moving last years gmii front think interesting opportunities arise think spectrum way similar dark fiber working several people lucent issue think would wonderful engage conversation enron lucent folks room lunch time talk issues perhaps discuss conference call clearly vince kaminski room would important schedules first weeks april horrible april may good regards nalin pm mack iris wrote hi briefly discussed spoke one colleagues dr martin lin visiting enron give talk spend time us discuss work telecommunications real options etc martin working various broadband related problems thought might helpful let us know bit following want come research group weekly catered lunch thursday brown bag lunches every friday description want talk respect telecoms broadband etc would like meet vince kaminski boss colleagues research broadband etc etc look forward hearing regards iris
Subject: low price software  http : / / woe . mainoemstore . com / ? a = 3107,1,low price software http woe mainoemstore com
"Subject: re : mec  mark ,  one option is to talk to a number of physicists in my group who might be  interested .  vince  enron investment partners  from : mark lay 07 / 26 / 2000 07 : 57 am  to : rex shelby / enron communications @ enron communications , steven j  kean / hou / ees @ ees , mike mcconnell , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a  bibi / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kenneth lay / corp / enron @ enron , fabricio soares / hou / ect @ ect  subject : mec  thank you for participating in yesterday ' s meeting . we spoke with harvey and  jim after the meeting and they took to speed to market comments to heart .  there is an opportunity for enron to participate with mec in the early  development of their company , but it seems the one thing they want is the one  thing we also want , people . i would appreciate your thoughts and comments on  the possiblity of creating a small team that could work directly with mec as  part of a potential investment and strategic relationship . given our  resource constraints , this would most likely be part of the organization that  sees the greatest strategic impact from mec ' s development .  mark  x 37408",0,mec mark one option talk number physicists group might interested vince enron investment partners mark lay rex shelby enron communications enron communications steven j kean hou ees ees mike mcconnell vince j kaminski hou ect ect philippe bibi hou ect ect cc kenneth lay corp enron enron fabricio soares hou ect ect subject mec thank participating yesterday meeting spoke harvey jim meeting took speed market comments heart opportunity enron participate mec early development company seems one thing want one thing also want people would appreciate thoughts comments possiblity creating small team could work directly mec part potential investment strategic relationship given resource constraints would likely part organization sees greatest strategic impact mec development mark x
"Subject: re : new computer  jarod :  can you help her with the sun equipment ?  shirley :  what type equipment are you requesting for the other users  thanks  lyn  shirley crenshaw  01 / 17 / 2000 03 : 43 pm  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , william  smith / corp / enron @ enron  subject : new computer  hi lyn :  i have not received an answer for the below request for another sun  computer . did you get it ?  we also need to order another regular computer like the others that have  been supplied to the research group . it will be for tanya tamarchenko  and her location on the 19 th floor is eb 1940 . tanya has two offices and  does not have a computer in her office on the 19 th floor .  co # 0011 - rc # 100038  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000  03 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  01 / 12 / 2000 11 : 14 am  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : sun computer  hi lyn ;  the research group is in need of another sun computer to be located at  ebl 951 . please let me know that eta .  co . # 0011 - rc # 100038  thanks !  shirley  3 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2000  11 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  01 / 07 / 2000 01 : 49 pm  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect  cc : william smith / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron  subject : new pc  hi lyn :  alex huang has requested a new pc and vince kaminski has ok ' d it . please  order the computer as listed below in alex ' s request .  thanks !  shirley  3 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  01 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 12 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron  subject : new pc  shirley ,  ok .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  12 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alex huang @ enron  01 / 07 / 2000 08 : 28 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : new pc  hi shirley ,  i would like to request for a new pc . my current pc is quite old with not  enough memory . twice  i ran out of memory and had to have it people coming to clean it for me .  their suggestion is  to either get a new hard drive or a new pc . given that dell has pentiumc iii  processor at 800 mhz  on market , i would like to request a pc with process at 500 mhz or higher  level .  thank you very much .  best ,  alex",0,new computer jarod help sun equipment shirley type equipment requesting users thanks lyn shirley crenshaw pm lyn malina hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect kevin g moore hou ect ect william smith corp enron enron subject new computer hi lyn received answer request another sun computer get also need order another regular computer like others supplied research group tanya tamarchenko location th floor eb tanya two offices computer office th floor co rc thanks shirley crenshaw forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm shirley crenshaw lyn malina hou ect ect cc subject sun computer hi lyn research group need another sun computer located ebl please let know eta co rc thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect shirley crenshaw pm lyn malina hou ect ect cc william smith corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron subject new pc hi lyn alex huang requested new pc vince kaminski ok please order computer listed alex request thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron subject new pc shirley ok vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm alex huang enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect subject new pc hi shirley would like request new pc current pc quite old enough memory twice ran memory people coming clean suggestion either get new hard drive new pc given dell pentiumc iii processor mhz market would like request pc process mhz higher level thank much best alex
"Subject: re : aram ' s visit  jesus ,  i yalked to aram . i have him on my calendar from 8 : 30 till 10 : 00 on friday .  a dinner / lunch on fri would work for me .  vince  jesus melendrez @ enron  04 / 20 / 2000 09 : 53 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : aram ' s visit  vince ,  i asked my assistant to schedule the meetings with aram and she will  contacting your asst . . as far as lunch or diner , i would be interested . i  will visit with aram in the next few days or if you do , you might want to ask  him . i believe he is coming for a wedding and he might have a tight schedule  but lets ask . hope all is going well . jgm",0,aram visit jesus yalked aram calendar till friday dinner lunch fri would work vince jesus melendrez enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject aram visit vince asked assistant schedule meetings aram contacting asst far lunch diner would interested visit aram next days might want ask believe coming wedding might tight schedule lets ask hope going well jgm
"Subject: confirming your attendance - oct . 19 / 20 - wharton  vince ,  we are delighted that you , christie ( and possibly mark palmer ) will be  attending our upcoming wharton impact conference on october 19 - 20 . the  final agenda is enclosed ( below ) - please note - unless we hear otherwise  from you , we will assume that you will be attending both the dinner on oct .  19 and the conference on oct . 20 .  this very timely event has generated enormous interest . we look forward to  your participation , and hope you will find this to be a valuable  insight - building experience .  please call or e - mail if you have any questions about any aspect of the  conference .  also - i ' ll look forward to hearing some stories of your exploits during  your recent trip to poland . must have been extremely interesting !  best regards ,  michael tomczyk  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  winners and losers in the e - commerce shakeout  thurs . oct . 19 ( dinner ) and fri . oct . 20 ( conference )  agenda  winners and losers in the e - commerce shakeout  thursday , october 19 , 2000 ( dinner )  friday , october 20 ( conference )  the wharton school - philadelphia , pa  jointly sponsored by the  william and phyllis mack center on managing technological innovation ,  wharton school  marketing science institute  wharton e - business initiative ( webi )  conference themes & objectives  e - commerce is heading inextricably and rapidly toward an inevitable  shakeout and consolidation that tends to characterize every major new  industry . this impact conference bringstogether a distinguished group of  industry and academic leaders to discuss what is required to survive the  e - commerce shakeout , and what it takes to be a "" winner "" when the shakeout  hits , full - force .  shakeouts are spawned in the boom - and - bust environment of hot emerging  markets . an unsustainable glut of competitors is attacted by the  contagious enthusiasm for the emerging technology . as competition  intensifies and falling prices put pressure on margins there is a wave of  ailures and mergers that removes the weaker players .  few ecommerce markets - - whether e - tailing online exchanges or others - - - will  be exempted from the forces that cause shakeouts . this conference will  combine lessons from markets that have experienced shakeouts , with the  latest thinking about the unique features of e - commerce , to identify  successful strategies for surviving a shakeout .  questions to be addressed include :  - are the patterns seen in previous shakeouts of high technology markets  applicable to ecommerce ? what are the early warning signs of an impending  shakeout ?  - which ecommerce markets are most susceptible to a shakeout ? will there  be single or multiple winners ?  - which companies are likely to survive ? what strategies will the winners  use ?  there is controversy and uncertainty about which factors will most  contribute to prospects for survival . how important are first mover  advantages and building brand equity ? what do incumbents have to do to  prevail ? which business models are most robust ? how important is the  ability to manage strategic partnerships ?  these issues will be addressed with a program that encourages active  dialogue and interaction and includes speakers from industry , academia and  wall street .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  agenda  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  dinner co - author of the best - selling books net  gain and net worth )  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  conference - riday , october 20  8 : 00 - 8 : 30 a  continental breakfast and  david reibstein , woodside prof . of marketing , wharton school and director ,  marketing science institute )  11 : 30 - 12 : 15 p  technology investing , 15 things that should be true  ( stephen j . andriole , senior vice president and chief technology officer ,  safeguard scientifics )  12 : 15 - 1 : 30  working lunch  participants will work in small groups . half the group will be asked to  select an ecommerce firm with a strong likelihood of winning and identify  the most important reasons for success ; the other half will be asked to do  the same for a firm that is likely to fail .  1 : 30 - 2 : 15  small group reports  2 : 15 - 3 : 00  finding a winning strategy  ( norman drapeau , chief executive officer of mro . com )  3 : 00 - 3 : 15 break  3 : 15 - 4 : 00  living through a consolidation  ( harry smilow , previously chief executive officer of telebank which is now  part of e * trade )  4 : 00 - 4 : 45  a view from wall street  ( henry blodget , first vice president and senior internet / e - commerce  analyst , merrill lynch )  4 : 45 - 5 : 00  sum up - what have we learned ? what do we need to learn ?  5 : 00 adjourn  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  directions to the event & accommodations :  the dinner will be held at the inn at penn which is located at 3600 sansom  street . there is also an entrance on walnut street between 36 h and 37 th .  the conference will be held in steinberg - dietrich hall which is located on  locust walk on the wharton campus in philadelphia . from the airport or  train station take a taxi to the intersection of 37 th street and walnut ,  walk left onto the campus ( there is a broad paved walkway leading into the  campus from that intersection ) . at the first intersection you will see a  life sized bronze status of ben franklin sitting on a park bench reading a  newspaper . turn left at this intersection and steinberg - dietrich hall is  the first building on the right . there is a broad entrance with several  doors . also , any student can direct you to this building . go inside and  take the staircase down to the right - - room 350 is on the lower ( basement )  level .  accommodations  overnight accommodations are available at the inn at penn which is across  the street from the campus ( tel 215 - 222 - 0200 - mention you are here for  the emerging tech conference on e - commerce shakeouts , to receive the  $ 164 / night wharton room rate ) . please make your reservations early because  the inn is often fully booked . we have reserved a set of rooms for this  event .  if you stay at another hotel in center city , most hotels ( rittenhouse ,  latham , ritz carlton ) are approximately 15 minutes by taxi from the campus .  there is also a sheraton approximately 3 blocks from the campus , on  chestnut st .  michael s . tomczyk  managing director  emerging technologies management research program  1400 sh - dh / 6371  the wharton school  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371  tel 215 - 573 - 7722  fax 215 - 573 - 2129  website : http : / / emertech . wharton . upenn . edu",0,confirming attendance oct wharton vince delighted christie possibly mark palmer attending upcoming wharton impact conference october final agenda enclosed please note unless hear otherwise assume attending dinner oct conference oct timely event generated enormous interest look forward participation hope find valuable insight building experience please call e mail questions aspect conference also look forward hearing stories exploits recent trip poland must extremely interesting best regards michael tomczyk winners losers e commerce shakeout thurs oct dinner fri oct conference agenda winners losers e commerce shakeout thursday october dinner friday october conference wharton school philadelphia pa jointly sponsored william phyllis mack center managing technological innovation wharton school marketing science institute wharton e business initiative webi conference themes objectives e commerce heading inextricably rapidly toward inevitable shakeout consolidation tends characterize every major new industry impact conference bringstogether distinguished group industry academic leaders discuss required survive e commerce shakeout takes winner shakeout hits full force shakeouts spawned boom bust environment hot emerging markets unsustainable glut competitors attacted contagious enthusiasm emerging technology competition intensifies falling prices put pressure margins wave ailures mergers removes weaker players ecommerce markets whether e tailing online exchanges others exempted forces cause shakeouts conference combine lessons markets experienced shakeouts latest thinking unique features e commerce identify successful strategies surviving shakeout questions addressed include patterns seen previous shakeouts high technology markets applicable ecommerce early warning signs impending shakeout ecommerce markets susceptible shakeout single multiple winners companies likely survive strategies winners use controversy uncertainty factors contribute prospects survival important first mover advantages building brand equity incumbents prevail business models robust important ability manage strategic partnerships issues addressed program encourages active dialogue interaction includes speakers industry academia wall street agenda dinner co author best selling books net gain net worth conference riday october continental breakfast david reibstein woodside prof marketing wharton school director marketing science institute p technology investing things true stephen j andriole senior vice president chief technology officer safeguard scientifics working lunch participants work small groups half group asked select ecommerce firm strong likelihood winning identify important reasons success half asked firm likely fail small group reports finding winning strategy norman drapeau chief executive officer mro com break living consolidation harry smilow previously chief executive officer telebank part e trade view wall street henry blodget first vice president senior internet e commerce analyst merrill lynch sum learned need learn adjourn directions event accommodations dinner held inn penn located sansom street also entrance walnut street h th conference held steinberg dietrich hall located locust walk wharton campus philadelphia airport train station take taxi intersection th street walnut walk left onto campus broad paved walkway leading campus intersection first intersection see life sized bronze status ben franklin sitting park bench reading newspaper turn left intersection steinberg dietrich hall first building right broad entrance several doors also student direct building go inside take staircase right room lower basement level accommodations overnight accommodations available inn penn across street campus tel mention emerging tech conference e commerce shakeouts receive night wharton room rate please make reservations early inn often fully booked reserved set rooms event stay another hotel center city hotels rittenhouse latham ritz carlton approximately minutes taxi campus also sheraton approximately blocks campus chestnut st michael tomczyk managing director emerging technologies management research program sh dh wharton school philadelphia pa tel fax website http emertech wharton upenn edu
"Subject: re : livelink  moyez ,  we are very anxious to get set up and start using livelink for tracking and  documenting our projects , so thanks for the reminder . i have put together  an initial list of attributes for our research projects . the list in in the  attached spreadsheet . it would be great if you can set up these attributes  for us in the test environment . this would allow us to make any obvious  changes before moving to production . let me know what your schedule would  be in rolling this out .  my brief comments in the spreadsheet may not be clear , so feel free to give  me a call at x 34748 to clarify anything .  again , thanks for your help .  stinson  enron technology  from : moyez lallani @ enron 01 / 31 / 2001 07 : 15 am  to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : n jessie wang / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : livelink  vasant / stinson  just following up to check on your progress / evaluation of livelink as your  document repositiry . please let me know if i can be of further assistance .  moyez lallani  x 5 - 3683",0,livelink moyez anxious get set start using livelink tracking documenting projects thanks reminder put together initial list attributes research projects list attached spreadsheet would great set attributes us test environment would allow us make obvious changes moving production let know schedule would rolling brief comments spreadsheet may clear feel free give call x clarify anything thanks help stinson enron technology moyez lallani enron vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc n jessie wang enron development enron development subject livelink vasant stinson following check progress evaluation livelink document repositiry please let know assistance moyez lallani x
"Subject: li sun  vince ,  i am so glad that your meeting went well with li yesterday . this is a  confirmation email to let everyone know that li sun will begin in vince ' s  organization on monday , august 28 th . if you have any questions , please let  me know . thanks .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jana giovannini / hou / ect on 08 / 23 / 2000  10 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : jana giovannini 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 25 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , hunter  s shively / hou / ect @ ect , shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect , ina rangel / hou / ect @ ect  subject : li sun  vince ,  thanks for your response . apparently , we were under the incorrect impression  that your group would be taking li ( based on jeff ' s note below ) . we  apologize for not contacting you last friday to confirm prior to "" placing "" li  in your group . i have faxed li ' s resume to you and hope that you will have  time to review it today . please call me back as soon as you can to discuss  li ' s opportunities in your group .  if vince is not interested in li for his group , we will consider li placed in  ena - gas trading ( original placement ) in john lavorato ' s organization . once  i hear from vince one way or the other , the program will consider li ' s  placement final in either research or ena - gas trading . hopefully this will  be resolved by tuesday morning so that we may communicate to li her rotation  information . if you have any questions , please let me know .  thank you !  vince j kaminski  08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 03 pm  to : jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : vikas dwivedi  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000  01 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  08 / 21 / 2000 12 : 58 pm  to : shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , hunter  s shively / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : vikas dwivedi  shelly ,  i shall not accept anybody for a rotation without a prior interview .  li was scheduled to meet with me last thursday but she never showed  up . she did not call to cancel or to apologize for not showing up .  i have not seen her resume .  please , assume she is not rotating into my group till further notice .  vince  from : shelly butler 08 / 18 / 2000 03 : 37 pm  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect  cc : hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , craig breslau / hou / ect @ ect , ina rangel / hou / ect @ ect  subject : vikas dwivedi  jeff ,  just wanted to confirm that li will be placed in vince kaminski ' s group .  vikas has been placed in ena middle market reporting to craig breslau .  please contact me at 3 - 4584 if you have any questions . thanks for your help ! !  shelly  from : jeffrey a shankman 08 / 18 / 2000 03 : 18 pm  to : shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron  subject :  shelly ,  hunter spoke with li today and agrees that her first rotation should be in  vince ' s group doing modelling , etc . this will give her the broadest  experience for a first rotation . i ' m sure the other person in question ,  vikas , will do very well in hunter ' s group .  thanks for your help .  jeff",0,li sun vince glad meeting went well li yesterday confirmation email let everyone know li sun begin vince organization monday august th questions please let know thanks forwarded jana giovannini hou ect jana giovannini pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc john j lavorato corp enron enron jeffrey shankman hou ect ect hunter shively hou ect ect shelly butler hou ect ect ina rangel hou ect ect subject li sun vince thanks response apparently incorrect impression group would taking li based jeff note apologize contacting last friday confirm prior placing li group faxed li resume hope time review today please call back soon discuss li opportunities group vince interested li group consider li placed ena gas trading original placement john lavorato organization hear vince one way program consider li placement final either research ena gas trading hopefully resolved tuesday morning may communicate li rotation information questions please let know thank vince j kaminski pm jana giovannini hou ect ect cc subject vikas dwivedi fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm shelly butler hou ect ect cc john j lavorato corp enron enron jeffrey shankman hou ect ect hunter shively hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject vikas dwivedi shelly shall accept anybody rotation without prior interview li scheduled meet last thursday never showed call cancel apologize showing seen resume please assume rotating group till notice vince shelly butler pm jeffrey shankman hou ect ect cc hunter shively hou ect ect john j lavorato corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect craig breslau hou ect ect ina rangel hou ect ect subject vikas dwivedi jeff wanted confirm li placed vince kaminski group vikas placed ena middle market reporting craig breslau please contact questions thanks help shelly jeffrey shankman pm shelly butler hou ect ect cc hunter shively hou ect ect john j lavorato corp enron enron subject shelly hunter spoke li today agrees first rotation vince group modelling etc give broadest experience first rotation sure person question vikas well hunter group thanks help jeff
"Subject: re : a / a program question  gwyn :  just because the a / a program does not have a contract does not mean  that enron does not . do you have a telephone number for melly ' s  and i will call them directly and ask her if she has a contract .  thanks !  shirley  gwyn koepke @ enron  10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 22 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : a / a program question  vince ,  the a / a program does not have a contract in place with melly language  services . it appears that by the note below from my contact in the a / a - hr  department , the reimbursement policy appears to be driven by department , not  enron at large .  as i mentioned earlier , if i continue with my current tutor , but outside of  the melly language services , the cost to the department will decrease for me  to take french classes .  pls advise if research will be able to continue to fund my lessons .  many thanks ,  gwyn koepke  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 19  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : ivonne brown 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 17 pm  to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : a / a program question  gwyn ,  in the past the associate & analyst program use to pick - up the cost for the  classes , but they stopped doing so effective 1 / 99 . ( although , some business  units decided to continue paying for it - you may want to double check with  your business unit to whether or not they have a contract . the a / a dept does  not . ) please let me know if you have additional questions .  thank you for your patience .  sincerely ,  ivonne brown  gwyn koepke  10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 15 pm  to : ivonne brown / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : a / a program question  ivonne , have you been able to find an answer to the attached ? thanks !  gwyn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 14  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gwyn koepke  10 / 19 / 2000 08 : 25 pm  to : ivonne brown / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : a / a program question  ivonne ,  i am currently enrolled in a french language class thru enron and melly ' s  language services , and my group is paying the cost directly .  i am considering quitting the melly ' s language program in favor of an outside  private tutor , for a number of reasons . it will be cheaper too .  i would like to know :  1 . does enron have a contract in place with melly ' s language service , to be  the exclusive provider of language services to enron ?  2 . will enron pay the costs of my language classes if they are held outside  of the melly contract ( if any ) ?  i just want to make sure that if i decide to "" drop out "" of the melly classes  and sign up for other private tutoring courses , which will be less expensive  than the melly svc , that enron will not have a problem picking up the tab .  vince kaminski , the md , wants to know this , to ensure there is no legal  restriction on who must provide these language services in order to secure  enron reimbursement .  thanks for your help .  gwyn koepke",0,program question gwyn program contract mean enron telephone number melly call directly ask contract thanks shirley gwyn koepke enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject program question vince program contract place melly language services appears note contact hr department reimbursement policy appears driven department enron large mentioned earlier continue current tutor outside melly language services cost department decrease take french classes pls advise research able continue fund lessons many thanks gwyn koepke forwarded gwyn koepke na enron pm ivonne brown pm gwyn koepke na enron enron cc subject program question gwyn past associate analyst program use pick cost classes stopped effective although business units decided continue paying may want double check business unit whether contract dept please let know additional questions thank patience sincerely ivonne brown gwyn koepke pm ivonne brown na enron enron cc subject program question ivonne able find answer attached thanks gwyn forwarded gwyn koepke na enron pm gwyn koepke pm ivonne brown na enron enron cc subject program question ivonne currently enrolled french language class thru enron melly language services group paying cost directly considering quitting melly language program favor outside private tutor number reasons cheaper would like know enron contract place melly language service exclusive provider language services enron enron pay costs language classes held outside melly contract want make sure decide drop melly classes sign private tutoring courses less expensive melly svc enron problem picking tab vince kaminski md wants know ensure legal restriction must provide language services order secure enron reimbursement thanks help gwyn koepke
"Subject: re : fmrc  mark ,  thanks for the info . i shall check it out .  vince  mark courtney  05 / 17 / 2000 03 : 48 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : joe gordon / corp / enron @ enron  subject : fmrc  vince ,  i ran across this during my recruiting at vanderbilt . it is headed by hans  stoll , one of the leading derivative academicians in the country . i looked  at their website briefly and thought you might be interested . i have also  forwarded some email correspondence between dr . stoll and joe gordon , one of  our associates and a former student of his at owen school . we have been very  successful lately in recruiting at vanderbilt , both at the undergrad and mba  levels , and have gotten some high quality people . please let me know if you  have any interest in this and i would be glad to follow up with dr . stoll or  help out in any way i can .  thank you ,  mark courtney  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark courtney / hou / ect on 05 / 17 / 2000 03 : 42  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : joe gordon @ enron 05 / 11 / 2000 11 : 33 am  to : mark courtney / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : fmrc  mark - -  i dropped the ball as far as getting someone to the april meeting , but i  would to try to get this going .  thanks ,  joe  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joe gordon / corp / enron on 05 / 11 / 2000 08 : 42  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  hans stoll on 03 / 20 / 2000 12 : 22 : 36 pm  to : "" ' joe . gordon @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : fmrc  joe ,  thanks for your note .  the purpose of the fmrc is to stimulate research on financial markets and to  provide a link between academic research , real world issues and regulation .  members of the center sit on the advisory board and help direct the research  of the center . they send an unlimited number of participants to center  conferences . our center is unique in its mix of academics , practitioners and  regulators . for members , such as enron , it provides a window on the academic  world , and would give enron an opportunity to stimulate research in the use  of markets in heretofore unusual commodities .  more information on the center can be found at  http : / / mba . vanderbilt . edu / fmrc /  center members include , nyse , nasdaq , cme , some high tech trading firms ,  merrill lynch . . . .  joining the center usually requires a top management decision , but i would  approach it through the research and the trading areas . one way to start is  to see if anyone in a position to recommend joining the center would like to  attend this year ' s conference on april 13 - 14 . the program is on the web  site . ( membership is $ 10 , 000 per year )  appreciate your interest and help .  let me know if we should provide more detail to someone .  regards ,  hans  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : joe . gordon @ enron . com [ mailto : joe . gordon @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , march 20 , 2000 10 : 45 am  to : hans . stoll @ owen . vanderbilt . edu  subject : fmrc  dr . stoll :  sorry for the delay , but we haven ' t forgotten about your interest in having  enron participate in the fmrc . our holdup is determining who is the  appropriate contact person at enron ( that , and neglect ) . we ' re not sure if  we should approach someone from trading , research , senior management , etc .  also , any additional information on the role the participating firms play  would be helpful .  thanks ,  joe gordon",0,fmrc mark thanks info shall check vince mark courtney pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc joe gordon corp enron enron subject fmrc vince ran across recruiting vanderbilt headed hans stoll one leading derivative academicians country looked website briefly thought might interested also forwarded email correspondence dr stoll joe gordon one associates former student owen school successful lately recruiting vanderbilt undergrad mba levels gotten high quality people please let know interest would glad follow dr stoll help way thank mark courtney forwarded mark courtney hou ect pm enron north america corp joe gordon enron mark courtney hou ect ect cc subject fmrc mark dropped ball far getting someone april meeting would try get going thanks joe forwarded joe gordon corp enron hans stoll pm joe gordon enron com cc subject fmrc joe thanks note purpose fmrc stimulate research financial markets provide link academic research real world issues regulation members center sit advisory board help direct research center send unlimited number participants center conferences center unique mix academics practitioners regulators members enron provides window academic world would give enron opportunity stimulate research use markets heretofore unusual commodities information center found http mba vanderbilt edu fmrc center members include nyse nasdaq cme high tech trading firms merrill lynch joining center usually requires top management decision would approach research trading areas one way start see anyone position recommend joining center would like attend year conference april program web site membership per year appreciate interest help let know provide detail someone regards hans original message joe gordon enron com mailto joe gordon enron com sent monday march hans stoll owen vanderbilt edu subject fmrc dr stoll sorry delay forgotten interest enron participate fmrc holdup determining appropriate contact person enron neglect sure approach someone trading research senior management etc also additional information role participating firms play would helpful thanks joe gordon
"Subject: my resume  hi vince ,  i spoke with ray again , and he seems to have the background necessary to  work with the insurance group here .  he is not an actuary , but he can work with data . would you mind calling him  on the phone sometime next week ?  please let me know what time you would call him , so i can let him know . once  you speak with him , then maybe we can  bring him down for interviews , if you think it appropriate .  his business phone number is 816 889 4417  thanks ,  vasant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  11 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" spudeck , ray e . ms - res "" on 12 / 29 / 99 02 : 24 : 09 pm  to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : my resume  vasant ,  i enjoyed our telephone conversation this morning . from our conversation ,  it sounds like enron is moving out on the cutting edge of risk transfer and  insurance finance . in my mind , there seem to be a myriad number of  interesting opportunities moving forward . as well , i see a number of issues  that would need to be resolved . frankly , i find that quite exciting . i  left academics largely because i wanted to move into a more "" front line ""  career . while i ' ve enjoyed my work here at the naic , it is still not where i  ultimately see myself . i gathered from your comments some concern about my  being too senior in the organization . if i am interpreting you correctly ,  you are concerned about hands on technical work . i enjoy that immensely and  some of the strengths i bring to the table are the ability to think  creatively about solving financial problems and the the ability to make data  tell the underlying story .  i look forward to talking to you next week . i just found out that our  office building will be closed monday , so i will not be in until tuesday  a . m .  ray spudeck  sr . research associate  ( 816 ) 889 - 4417  rspudeck @ naic . org  >  - resumeres . doc",0,resume hi vince spoke ray seems background necessary work insurance group actuary work data would mind calling phone sometime next week please let know time would call let know speak maybe bring interviews think appropriate business phone number thanks vasant forwarded vasant shanbhogue hou ect spudeck ray e ms res pm vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc subject resume vasant enjoyed telephone conversation morning conversation sounds like enron moving cutting edge risk transfer insurance finance mind seem myriad number interesting opportunities moving forward well see number issues would need resolved frankly find quite exciting left academics largely wanted move front line career enjoyed work naic still ultimately see gathered comments concern senior organization interpreting correctly concerned hands technical work enjoy immensely strengths bring table ability think creatively solving financial problems ability make data tell underlying story look forward talking next week found office building closed monday tuesday ray spudeck sr research associate rspudeck naic org resumeres doc
"Subject: re : summer internship  ezequiel ,  i have forwarded your resume to our analyst / associate program with a request  to accept you as summer intern . if the summer program is full , my group  will hire you directly for the summer .  vince  ezequiel luis on 11 / 13 / 2000 04 : 23 : 23 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : summer internship  dear mr . kaminski  i am currently pursuing the m . s . in ieor at uc berkeley . i attended the  speech you gave some weeks ago .  i am interested in summer internship positions available in enron . you will  find enclosed my resume .  sincerely ,  ezequiel luis  este mensaje fue enviado desde http : / / commcenter . infosel . com  internet gratis  http : / / www . terra . com . mx / terralibre  - resume elm . doc",0,summer internship ezequiel forwarded resume analyst associate program request accept summer intern summer program full group hire directly summer vince ezequiel luis pm vkamins enron com cc subject summer internship dear mr kaminski currently pursuing ieor uc berkeley attended speech gave weeks ago interested summer internship positions available enron find enclosed resume sincerely ezequiel luis este mensaje fue enviado desde http commcenter infosel com internet gratis http www terra com mx terralibre resume elm doc
"Subject: re : support on statistical modeling  randall ,  the person supporting ebs in the research group is martin lin .  i shall ask him to give you a call and will be glad to join you at the meeting  with martin .  vince  from : randall hicks @ enron communications on 04 / 04 / 2001 10 : 42 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : bradford brooks / enron communications @ enron communications , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , daryl flaming / enron communications @ enron  communications , martin sacchi / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : support on statistical modeling  dear vince :  i was referred by rita hartfield of ebs . i am the director of marketing for  the digital content services team ( david cox , frank bay , et . al . ) . we are  identifying and evaluating features and functions that will be a part of the  next generation entertainment on demand ( eod ) product .  the e - mail i ' ve excerpted below contains two links to a company that offers a  "" preferencing "" service that we know is quite popular and important to  entertainment consumers . i have some questions abouts the statistics ,  sampling methodology , explained variance etc . of the model that the  stylelogic group employs .  do you have a member of your team that could assist on this project ?  thanks for your help ,  randall hicks  director - marketing  enron broadband services  1400 smith street - eb 4589 a  houston , tx 77002  work - 713 . 853 . 9970  randall _ hicks @ enron . net  -  brad ,  i would appreciate a chance to talk with you regarding enron ' s vod plans . we  have developed movie selection and recommendation / prediction functionality  that we can manage for ebs .  if you would like to read about what we have to offer , you may go to :  http : / / www . stylelogic . com / predict  i also invite you to see our functionality at : http : / / www . reviewmovies . com /  i look forward to a chance to speak with you at your earliest convenience .  brent rosenkranz  president  stylelogic - internet strategies and solutions  101 n . acacia avenue  solana beach , ca 92075  phone - 858 - 350 - 3939  toll free - 888 - 750 - 4678  fax - 858 - 350 - 3930  www . stylelogic . com  brent @ stylelogic . com",0,support statistical modeling randall person supporting ebs research group martin lin shall ask give call glad join meeting martin vince randall hicks enron communications vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc bradford brooks enron communications enron communications shirley crenshaw hou ect ect daryl flaming enron communications enron communications martin sacchi enron communications enron communications subject support statistical modeling dear vince referred rita hartfield ebs director marketing digital content services team david cox frank bay et al identifying evaluating features functions part next generation entertainment demand eod product e mail excerpted contains two links company offers preferencing service know quite popular important entertainment consumers questions abouts statistics sampling methodology explained variance etc model stylelogic group employs member team could assist project thanks help randall hicks director marketing enron broadband services smith street eb houston tx work randall hicks enron net brad would appreciate chance talk regarding enron vod plans developed movie selection recommendation prediction functionality manage ebs would like read offer may go http www stylelogic com predict also invite see functionality http www reviewmovies com look forward chance speak earliest convenience brent rosenkranz president stylelogic internet strategies solutions n acacia avenue solana beach ca phone toll free fax www stylelogic com brent stylelogic com
"Subject: re : willow and pathstar evaluations  mike ,  we are short manpower in london . we shall try to  evaluate the software in houston .  vince  "" mike curran "" on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 03 : 24 am  please respond to "" mike curran ""  to :  cc :  subject : willow and pathstar evaluations  hi vince -  hope all is well with you .  sharad hasn ' t had time to evaluate our willow tree or monte carlo software  since the middle of last year . is there somebody else that could do it ?  please let me know who i should send the evaluation to .  best regards ,  michael curran  ceo  quantin ' leap limited  piercy house  7 copthall avenue  london ec 2 r 7 nj  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3450  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3411  mailto : mcurran @ quantinleap . com  http : / / www . quantinleap . com",0,willow pathstar evaluations mike short manpower london shall try evaluate software houston vince mike curran please respond mike curran cc subject willow pathstar evaluations hi vince hope well sharad time evaluate willow tree monte carlo software since middle last year somebody else could please let know send evaluation best regards michael curran ceo quantin leap limited piercy house copthall avenue london ec r nj tel fax mailto mcurran quantinleap com http www quantinleap com
"Subject: enron credit modeling  when we laast spoke , we agreed that you would look to support some of our  development efforts from houston . if possible , i would like to have a quick  conference call this week to figure out where we are and move forward .  thanks",0,enron credit modeling laast spoke agreed would look support development efforts houston possible would like quick conference call week figure move forward thanks
"Subject: re : new business  h ? lyette ,  i am working systematically through un - answered messages .  yes , i shall be delighted to meet your friend .  vince  helyette geman on 04 / 05 / 2001 04 : 58 : 47 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : new business  dear vince ,  a friend of mine , head of research and new projects in a major bank ,  wanted to get in touch with the energy industry to possibly develop  working relationships . i said that enron was the right place to start  and "" you "" the right person to meet . in this order , he would come to  the power 2001 and i would introduce him to you .  is this o . k with you ?  best regards  helyette  h ? lyette geman  professor of finance  university paris ix dauphine and essec",0,new business h lyette working systematically un answered messages yes shall delighted meet friend vince helyette geman vkamins enron com cc vkaminski aol com subject new business dear vince friend mine head research new projects major bank wanted get touch energy industry possibly develop working relationships said enron right place start right person meet order would come power would introduce k best regards helyette h lyette geman professor finance university paris ix dauphine essec
"Subject: fwd fwd volatility for metals var  hi tanya ,  i think using the 60 business day fwd fwd vols based on historical data is  reasonable , to ensure consistency with the amount of data we use to estimate  the eigenvalues . i am just finishing the correlations study .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  zinc :  lead :  aluminum h :  aluminum s :  tin :  copper :  nickel :",0,fwd fwd volatility metals var hi tanya think using business day fwd fwd vols based historical data reasonable ensure consistency amount data use estimate eigenvalues finishing correlations study regards anjam x zinc lead aluminum h aluminum tin copper nickel
"Subject: re : fw : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  kim ,  i talked to dale early this morning and suggested that we meet during his  next trip to houston  when we decide on timing of our project .  vince  from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 08 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , eric gadd / et & s / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : fw : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince ,  if dale comes in to see you , it looks like eric might be available to meet  with you as well . it would be a good opportunity for eric to meet dale and  get a little more information on his model . eric ' s phone number is x 54713 .  thanks ,  kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gadd , eric  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 8 : 12 pm  to : watson , kimberly  subject : re : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  works for me . give me a call at 9 : 30 .  from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 09 pm  to : eric gadd / et kaminski , vince  subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ?  dale ,  please , call me on tuesday . my morning schedule is full but i am open in the  afternoon .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 : 21 am  please respond to  to : "" vincent kaminski "" , "" kimberly s . watson ""  cc :  subject : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince / kim :  i am flying to houston tonight and wondered if it would fit one or both of  your schedules to get together this coming tuesday sometime for 1 / 2 hour or  so . i really want to reinitiate the conversations marketpoint was having  with john goodpasture and you , and he said either or both of you were the  right people to continue after his responsibility shift . john was quite  positive about the idea of enron acquiring marketpoint narg through license ,  and he implied that one or both of you would be carrying the ball in that  direction after he handed it to you .  would this coming tuesday morning at 930 am be a good time for you guys ? if  so , please give me an email shout at the above address or leave a message on  my voicemail at ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 . i think you will be truly impressed with the  scope and progress we have been able to make with both the short run narg  and the long run narg in which you were interested ( not to mention our power  model ) . the progress is noticeable since you saw it . both long and short  term narg are having quite an impact on a number of gas decisions at the  moment ranging from venezuelan lng , north american lng import terminals and  term , gas basis calculations , trading support , power plant development ,  gas - to - power price spreads in key markets , veracity of heat rate trades ,  bank financings , storage field evaluation , and which new pipelines we can  expect to see enter and which are dogs .  i really hope we can fit it in and get our discussions moving in a mutually  productive direction again . i think narg can help you become even more  successful , and i look forward to working with you .  we have a new office address and new phone number as well . ( we move in may  1 . )  altos management partners  95 main street , suite 10  los altos , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 948 - 8830 voice  ( 650 ) 948 - 8850 fax  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 cellular  give the phones a week or so to get "" debugged "" and then switch over .  dale",0,fw fw get together coming tuesday kim talked dale early morning suggested meet next trip houston decide timing project vince kimberly watson enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect eric gadd et enron enron cc subject fw fw get together coming tuesday vince dale comes see looks like eric might available meet well would good opportunity eric meet dale get little information model eric phone number x thanks kim original message gadd eric sent monday april pm watson kimberly subject fw get together coming tuesday works give call kimberly watson enron enronxgate pm eric gadd et kaminski vince subject get together coming tuesday dale please call tuesday morning schedule full open afternoon vince dale nesbitt please respond vincent kaminski kimberly watson cc subject get together coming tuesday vince kim flying houston tonight wondered would fit one schedules get together coming tuesday sometime hour really want reinitiate conversations marketpoint john goodpasture said either right people continue responsibility shift john quite positive idea enron acquiring marketpoint narg license implied one would carrying ball direction handed would coming tuesday morning good time guys please give email shout address leave message voicemail think truly impressed scope progress able make short run narg long run narg interested mention power model progress noticeable since saw long short term narg quite impact number gas decisions moment ranging venezuelan lng north american lng import terminals term gas basis calculations trading support power plant development gas power price spreads key markets veracity heat rate trades bank financings storage field evaluation new pipelines expect see enter dogs really hope fit get discussions moving mutually productive direction think narg help become even successful look forward working new office address new phone number well move may altos management partners main street suite los altos ca voice fax cellular give phones week get debugged switch dale
"Subject: entouch newsletter  business highlights  enron industrial markets  metal bulletin - iron and steel awards for 2000  pushiest entrant : enron , the us commodity trading company , which promised it would revolutionize the steel business by offering futures in hot rolled coil via its online market place .  the eim fundamentals analysis group is excited to announce that dave allan has joined as a director , responsible for all forest products lines . he comes to eim with 20 years of experience in the forest products industry , of which 14 were spent at abitibi and 6 with pulp and paper week . please join us in welcoming dave .  the siebel team ( "" the force "" ) continues to work towards program implementation of its customer management system in early may , with training to begin at the end of april . stay tuned for updates .  enron global lng  enron global lng is positioning itself to be a creator and leader of a global wholesale lng market . the rising prices of natural gas in the united states and concerns over future energy supplies have created a bullish outlook for lng in the u . s . and around the globe . lng has played a major role in serving energy needs in many parts of the world , but its place in the u . s . energy picture has been limited . an lng market that spans the globe can supply vast amounts of otherwise stranded gas to the world ' s growing appetite for cleaner burning fuels . enron global lng sees great opportunity for enron ' s wholesale energy business model to help shape yet another energy market .  in the news  enron corp . says first - quarter profit rose 20 percent  houston , april 17 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the largest energy trader , said first - quarter profit rose 20 percent as sales almost quadrupled . profit from operations rose to $ 406 million , or 47 cents , from $ 338 million , or 40 cents , in the year - earlier period . enron raised its 2001 profit forecast to $ 1 . 75 to $ 1 . 80 a share , from its january projection of $ 1 . 70 to $ 1 . 75 .  first - quarter revenue surged to $ 50 . 1 billion from $ 13 . 1 billion as enron boosted the volume of power sold in north america by 90 percent . enron had a first - quarter gain of $ 19 million , or 2 cents a share , for an accounting change , making net income $ 425 million , or 49 cents a share . there were no charges or gains in the year - earlier period .  welcome  new hires  egm - janelle russell ,  eim - david allan , sylvia carter  ena - sasha divelbiss , amy quirsfeld , judy zhang , annette thompson , kelly donlevy - lee , grant patterson  transfers ( to or within )  ena - william abler , magdalena cruz , barbara taylor , james reyes , marvin carter , angel tamariz , jesse bryson  eim - cassandra dutton , christine sullivan , camille gerard , sherri kathol , jennifer watson  egm - steven batchelder  legal stuff  the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed .",0,entouch newsletter business highlights enron industrial markets metal bulletin iron steel awards pushiest entrant enron us commodity trading company promised would revolutionize steel business offering futures hot rolled coil via online market place eim fundamentals analysis group excited announce dave allan joined director responsible forest products lines comes eim years experience forest products industry spent abitibi pulp paper week please join us welcoming dave siebel team force continues work towards program implementation customer management system early may training begin end april stay tuned updates enron global lng enron global lng positioning creator leader global wholesale lng market rising prices natural gas united states concerns future energy supplies created bullish outlook lng u around globe lng played major role serving energy needs many parts world place u energy picture limited lng market spans globe supply vast amounts otherwise stranded gas world growing appetite cleaner burning fuels enron global lng sees great opportunity enron wholesale energy business model help shape yet another energy market news enron corp says first quarter profit rose percent houston april bloomberg enron corp largest energy trader said first quarter profit rose percent sales almost quadrupled profit operations rose million cents million cents year earlier period enron raised profit forecast share january projection first quarter revenue surged billion billion enron boosted volume power sold north america percent enron first quarter gain million cents share accounting change making net income million cents share charges gains year earlier period welcome new hires egm janelle russell eim david allan sylvia carter ena sasha divelbiss amy quirsfeld judy zhang annette thompson kelly donlevy lee grant patterson transfers within ena william abler magdalena cruz barbara taylor james reyes marvin carter angel tamariz jesse bryson eim cassandra dutton christine sullivan camille gerard sherri kathol jennifer watson egm steven batchelder legal stuff information contained newsletter confidential proprietary enron corp subsidiaries intended internal use disclosed
"Subject: visual identity and logo now  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in building a positive visual imaqe  of your company by creatinq an outstanding ioqo , presentable stationery  items and professionai website . these marketinq tools wiil significantly  contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deal packages and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,visual identity logo working company image start visual identity key first good impression help take part building positive visual imaqe company creatinq outstanding ioqo presentable stationery items professionai website marketinq tools wiil significantly contributeto success business take look work samples hot deal packages see offer work interested
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe illustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  beatrice ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corei desiqner quickbooks professional edition adobe pagemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corel painter lx adobe illustrator cs adobe lndesiqn cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cooi production studio aiias motion builder professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincereiy beatrice
"Subject: re : trading ag prods .  vince ,  just wanted to let you know that i have done some preliminary , high level , research into this commodity and would be glad to share it . please let me know if you would be interested in it . thank you .  shalesh ganjoo  vince j kaminski @ ect 05 / 01 / 01 10 : 20 am to : shalesh ganjoo / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : elsa piekielniak / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : trading ag prods .  shalesh ,  a good idea . i shall forward it to the ag traders .  vince  from : shalesh ganjoo @ enron communications on 05 / 01 / 2001 10 : 12 am  to : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : trading ag prods .  nelson ,  i know you are focusing on agricultural products for trading , so i just wanted to know if we are looking at wool . i know that it ' s traded in australia and new zealand , so we might be able to look into it as well . please let me know . thank you .  shalesh ganjoo ",0,trading ag prods vince wanted let know done preliminary high level research commodity would glad share please let know would interested thank shalesh ganjoo vince j kaminski ect shalesh ganjoo enron communications enron communications enron cc elsa piekielniak corp enron enron subject trading ag prods shalesh good idea shall forward ag traders vince shalesh ganjoo enron communications nelson neale na enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject trading ag prods nelson know focusing agricultural products trading wanted know looking wool know traded australia new zealand might able look well please let know thank shalesh ganjoo
"Subject: greg whalley ' s new office location  greg whalley and i have moved to the 33 rd floor .  greg ' s new office location is eb 3324 - steno # 549  i ' m located at eb 3322 - steno # 598  many thanks ,  liz taylor",0,greg whalley new office location greg whalley moved rd floor greg new office location eb steno located eb steno many thanks liz taylor
"Subject: ppi index short - term models  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 31 / 2000 01 : 43 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anjam ahmad  03 / 21 / 2000 04 : 10 pm  to : martina angelova / lon / ect @ ect , trena mcfarland / lon / ect @ ect  cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , zimin  lu / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : ppi index short - term models  hi martina i believe that the  forecasts are accurately reflecting this . please see graphs below :  both models really need our rpi curve to be linked ( at the moment i have just  copied the 2 . 3 % number forward ) . because the auto - regressive error term is  not very important , we can run the models forward with reasonable  confidence . as i mentioned , i don ' t think we can really run this model more  than 12 months , in fact , i think we should run for 9 - 12 months and blend the  next 3 - 4 months out with the long - term model .  hope i can fix the long - term ones now with some new insight !  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  pllu : dzcv :",0,ppi index short term models forwarded zimin lu hou ect pm anjam ahmad pm martina angelova lon ect ect trena mcfarland lon ect ect cc dale surbey lon ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject ppi index short term models hi martina believe forecasts accurately reflecting please see graphs models really need rpi curve linked moment copied number forward auto regressive error term important run models forward reasonable confidence mentioned think really run model months fact think run months blend next months long term model hope fix long term ones new insight regards anjam x pllu dzcv
Subject: trusted savings on prescription drugs .  now you can diversify the acts in your bedroom !  the foundation of every state is the education of its youth .  everybody hates me because i ' m so universally liked .  silent gratitude isn ' t much use to anyone .,1,trusted savings prescription drugs diversify acts bedroom foundation every state education youth everybody hates universally liked silent gratitude much use anyone
"Subject: re : confidential  sophie ,  i think it ' s a fair deal .  vince  sophie kingsley 08 / 30 / 2000 11 : 49 am  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , michele small / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : confidential  both ,  thanks for your comments and comparisons , it is good to get context .  based on your comments here would be my proposal  o 63 , 500 basic salary -  ol 5 k kickers for each of the 2 years - these are paid as a lump sum on each  anniversary guaranteed . therefore guaranteed salary is effectively o 78 , 500 -  this is completely separate and in addition to any performance bonus  increase the value of options to o 60 k to vest 1 / 3 as before - which leaves a  1 / 3 ( $ 20 , 000 ) hanging out there at the end of the contract .  just fyi - anjam is currently on o 68 , 000 but does not have an agreement , so  this would effectively put a 10 . 5 k gap between the two .  let me know your thoughts .  dale surbey  30 / 08 / 2000 16 : 09  to : sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : confidential  sophie ,  here ' s vince ' s comments on your proposal for steve . also , what ' s a 2 - yr  exec ? how do the kickers work - are they basically a guaranteed minimum  bonus or incremental bonus ?  - dale  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale surbey / lon / ect on 30 / 08 / 2000 16 : 10  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  30 / 08 / 2000 14 : 21  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : confidential  dale ,  thanks for your message .  i don ' t know the labor market in london that well but here the market  for quants is very hot . steve is in my view an exceptionally talented person  and i would go an extra mile to retain him long - term for the company .  i would adjust the base salary or the kicker upward a bit .  o 62 , 000 basic is what anjam is receiving currently ( if i remember  correctly ) . steve has a much higher value  to enron than anjam .  vince  dale surbey  08 / 30 / 2000 07 : 49 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : confidential  vince ,  this is the package hr is proposing for steven . what do you think ?  - dale  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale surbey / lon / ect on 30 / 08 / 2000 13 : 50  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sophie kingsley 29 / 08 / 2000 20 : 32  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : confidential  sorry dale , long day , here are the proposed numbers  2 year exec  o 62 , 000 basic ( currently o 55 k )  ol 0 k each year kickers  $ 50 , 000 worth of options to vest 1 / 3 1 / 3 1 / 3  let me know what you think .  regards  sophie",0,confidential sophie think fair deal vince sophie kingsley dale surbey lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect michele small lon ect ect subject confidential thanks comments comparisons good get context based comments would proposal basic salary ol k kickers years paid lump sum anniversary guaranteed therefore guaranteed salary effectively completely separate addition performance bonus increase value options k vest leaves hanging end contract fyi anjam currently agreement would effectively put k gap two let know thoughts dale surbey sophie kingsley lon ect ect cc subject confidential sophie vince comments proposal steve also yr exec kickers work basically guaranteed minimum bonus incremental bonus dale forwarded dale surbey lon ect vince j kaminski dale surbey lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject confidential dale thanks message know labor market london well market quants hot steve view exceptionally talented person would go extra mile retain long term company would adjust base salary kicker upward bit basic anjam receiving currently remember correctly steve much higher value enron anjam vince dale surbey vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject confidential vince package hr proposing steven think dale forwarded dale surbey lon ect sophie kingsley dale surbey lon ect ect cc subject confidential sorry dale long day proposed numbers year exec basic currently k ol k year kickers worth options vest let know think regards sophie
"Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  shmuel ,  thanks for the invitation to speak on october 23 rd .  would you like me to split my presentation and devote  some time to the enron analyst / associate program ?  i plan to make presentation on energy derivatives markets  ( development of the markets in the us and europe , valuation  challenges , enron ' s role in developing the forward markets for natural gas  and electricity ) .  i shall send you the bullet points in a few days .  vince  "" shmuel oren "" on 09 / 18 / 2000 09 : 51 : 29 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  vince  please send me a title for the talk with your job title etc . and an abstract  for your talk . you will have about an hour .  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc :  sent : friday , september 15 , 2000 6 : 04 pm  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  >  > shmuel ,  >  > sorry for not getting back to you earlier .  > if the 23 rd of october is still open , i can make the presentation on this  > day .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 18 : 15 am  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  >  >  > originally you mentioned october 23 so i reserved that week which is still  > open .  > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > shmuel s . oren , professor  > dept . of industrial engineering  > and operations research  > 4117 etcheverry hall  > university of california  > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from :  > to :  > cc : ; ;  >  > sent : wednesday , august 30 , 2000 9 : 03 am  > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  >  >  > >  > > shmuel ,  > >  > > let ' s see if we can either rearrange the seminar speakers  > > or change the date of our visit to the campus . ashley baxter , our  > > coordinator is very efficient and  > > got a faculty room for a presentation on monday morning on the 16 th .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 29 / 2000 05 : 37 : 33 pm  > >  > > to :  > > cc :  > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > >  > >  > > dear vince . i spoke too soon . apparently the seminar slot on the 16 was  > > already filled . i will see if i can switch the speaker for that week to  > the  > > following week . in any case we are on for dinner on the 16 .  > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > shmuel s . oren , professor  > > dept . of industrial engineering  > > and operations research  > > 4117 etcheverry hall  > > university of california  > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > >  > > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > > from :  > > to :  > > cc : ;  > > sent : tuesday , august 29 , 2000 5 : 01 pm  > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > >  > >  > > >  > > > shmuel ,  > > >  > > > the date of our trip to berkeley has been set . it will be october 16 th  > > and  > > > 17 th  > > > ( monday and tuesday ) .  > > >  > > > i shall be glad to make a presentation on energy derivatives markets  > > > ( development of the markets in the us and europe , valuation  > difficulties ,  > > > enron ' s role  > > > in developing the forward markets for natural gas and electricity ) .  > > >  > > > please , let me know if this topic would be of interest to you . if this  > is  > > > the  > > > case , i shall follow with a title and an abstract .  > > >  > > > by the way , are you free for dinner on monday ?  > > >  > > > vince  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 59 : 38 am  > > >  > > > to : "" vince j kaminski ""  > > > cc :  > > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > > >  > > >  > > > great . our seminars are 3 : 30 to 5 pm . if it works for you please send  me  > a  > > > title and abstract .  > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > > shmuel s . oren , professor  > > > dept . of industrial engineering  > > > and operations research  > > > 4117 etcheverry hall  > > > university of california  > > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > >  > > > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > > > from : "" vince j kaminski ""  > > > to : "" shmuel oren ""  > > > cc : "" vince j kaminski "" ; "" ashley baxter ""  > > >  > > > sent : thursday , august 24 , 2000 9 : 58 am  > > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > > >  > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > > shmuel ,  > > > >  > > > > thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley  > baxter ,  > > > > to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd  > > > > if this date works for the rest of our team .  > > > >  > > > > vince  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am  > > > >  > > > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  > > > > cc :  > > > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > > dear vince .  > > > > i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you  > > about  > > > the  > > > > date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if  you  > > can  > > > > schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a  > > > seminar  > > > > which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty  > and  > > > will  > > > > give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with  > > sufficient  > > > > lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their  > > > financial  > > > > engineering students .  > > > > shmuel .  > > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > > > shmuel s . oren , professor  > > > > dept . of industrial engineering  > > > > and operations research  > > > > 4117 etcheverry hall  > > > > university of california  > > > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > > > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > > > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > > > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > > >  > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > > > > from :  > > > > to : ; ;  > > > >  > > > > sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am  > > > > subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > > > >  > > > >  > > > > > shmuel ,  > > > > >  > > > > > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram  > sogomonian ,  > > a  > > > > > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible ,  > > among  > > > > > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or  > technical  > > > > > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give  > > you  > > > a  > > > > > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague ,  > > > > > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would  > join  > > me  > > > > > as well .  > > > > >  > > > > > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst /  > associate  > > > > > program .  > > > > >  > > > > > vince kaminski  > > > > >  > > > > >  > > > > > vincent kaminski  > > > > > managing director - research  > > > > > enron corp .  > > > > > 1400 smith street  > > > > > room ebl 962  > > > > > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  > > > > >  > > > > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > > > > > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > > > > > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  > > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,hello vince kaminski enron shmuel thanks invitation speak october rd would like split presentation devote time enron analyst associate program plan make presentation energy derivatives markets development markets us europe valuation challenges enron role developing forward markets natural gas electricity shall send bullet points days vince shmuel oren pm cc subject hello vince kaminski enron vince please send title talk job title etc abstract talk hour shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message cc sent friday september pm subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel sorry getting back earlier rd october still open make presentation day vince shmuel oren cc subject hello vince kaminski enron originally mentioned october reserved week still open shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message cc sent wednesday august subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel let see either rearrange seminar speakers change date visit campus ashley baxter coordinator efficient got faculty room presentation monday morning th vince shmuel oren pm cc subject hello vince kaminski enron dear vince spoke soon apparently seminar slot already filled see switch speaker week following week case dinner shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message cc sent tuesday august pm subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel date trip berkeley set october th th monday tuesday shall glad make presentation energy derivatives markets development markets us europe valuation difficulties enron role developing forward markets natural gas electricity please let know topic would interest case shall follow title abstract way free dinner monday vince shmuel oren vince j kaminski cc subject hello vince kaminski enron great seminars pm works please send title abstract shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message vince j kaminski shmuel oren cc vince j kaminski ashley baxter sent thursday august subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel thanks message working recruiter ashley baxter finalize date trip shall shoot october rd date works rest team vince shmuel oren vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject hello vince kaminski enron dear vince sent reply earlier month heard date visit department seminar every monday schedule visit monday would like invite give seminar attended many graduate students faculty give opportunity tell program sufficient lead time advertise seminar hass school financial engineering students shmuel shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message sent tuesday august subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel hope remember visited together aram sogomonian good friend mine years ago currently responsible among things recruiting graduates finance technical backgrounds university berkeley would glad give call talk details program colleague ashleybaxter analyst associate program enron would join well sending copy brochure analyst associate program vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: re : programming for rdi model  michelle ,  helen , cecil , david ( just joined the effort ) and i had a meeting this  morning . a lot of things regarding  the coding has been discussed . we all felt good about the progress that has  been made  and have clear idea of how to proceed . the project is speeding up nicely .  best ,  alex",0,programming rdi model michelle helen cecil david joined effort meeting morning lot things regarding coding discussed felt good progress made clear idea proceed project speeding nicely best alex
"Subject: re : forecasting project  barbara ,  we are in touch with ketra and john and we shall work with them when they are  here .  vince  barbara g dillard @ enron  08 / 29 / 2000 11 : 23 am  to : mark mixon / hou / ees @ ees @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , laura  luce / corp / enron @ enron , d . wear @ pecorp . com @ ees @ ect ,  k . schmitt @ pecorp . com @ ees @ ect , j . wirick @ pecorp . com @ ees @ ect  subject : re : forecasting project  mark :  f . y . i . - i have been informed by ketra that she plans to be in the houston  office on monday september 18 th through wednesday september 20 th to meet with  vince and stinston .  hopefully we will be ready to continue phase i of the forecasting project .  can you make arrangements with vince and stinson ( hopefully they will be  available to meet ! ) .  thanks !  barbara  ( 312 ) 541 - 1232",0,forecasting project barbara touch ketra john shall work vince barbara g dillard enron mark mixon hou ees ees ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect laura luce corp enron enron wear pecorp com ees ect k schmitt pecorp com ees ect j wirick pecorp com ees ect subject forecasting project mark f informed ketra plans houston office monday september th wednesday september th meet vince stinston hopefully ready continue phase forecasting project make arrangements vince stinson hopefully available meet thanks barbara
"Subject: re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research  hi vince ,  thanks for organizing the meetings , and a special thanks for organizing the  reservations for the dinner .  i am looking forward the visit to houston .  rodrigo  vince j kaminski  24 / 08 / 2000 20 : 25  to : rodrigo lamas / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research  rodrigo ,  i think it is churrasco ' s , a south american restaurant .  i shall make reservations for the 12 th . i shall also  arrange the meetings on tuesday with different units of the research group .  vince  rodrigo lamas  08 / 24 / 2000 01 : 59 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research  vince ,  thank you very much .  i would rather talk to your group on sep the 12 th ( tuesday ) .  i hope i will be entitled to disturb them again during the rest of the week  as well .  we can certainly go out for dinner . steven mentioned a brazilian restaurant he  went to and i am looking forward going there . this in case you are not  vegetarian .  thanks again ,  rodrigo  vince j kaminski  24 / 08 / 2000 19 : 54  to : rodrigo lamas / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research  rodrigo ,  we shall be very glad to meet you .  if you can dedicate one day to meeting the members of the research group i  could arrange a series of meetings with different units .  what about sep the 11 th or sep the 12 th ( monday or tuesday ) ?  if you are free one evening we can have dinner together .  vince  rodrigo lamas  08 / 24 / 2000 11 : 01 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research  vince ,  i work for the market risk rac london group . i review the quantitative issues  arising from enron europe models .  i am in this function given my background ( phd from imperial college - london )  and also due to my past experience  as risk manager for a brazilian investment bank and louis dreyfus .  my agenda includes the review of a number of deals ( wessex , tpl , eastern ,  . . . ) , as well as the  review of the construction of european gas and power price curves and their  respective volatility curves .  currently i am devoting most of my time to the analysis of the uk gas market ,  its respective  price curve and term structure of volatility .  bjorn and david suggested it could be very productive if i had the chance to  meet you and your team  to discuss issues related to modelling prices and risk measurement tools .  i will be in houston from the 10 th to 15 th september . i wonder if you could  book some time for me in  your agenda and also ask some members of your team to do the same .  thanks ,  rodrigo",0,introduction meeting rac london quants houston research hi vince thanks organizing meetings special thanks organizing reservations dinner looking forward visit houston rodrigo vince j kaminski rodrigo lamas lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject introduction meeting rac london quants houston research rodrigo think churrasco south american restaurant shall make reservations th shall also arrange meetings tuesday different units research group vince rodrigo lamas pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject introduction meeting rac london quants houston research vince thank much would rather talk group sep th tuesday hope entitled disturb rest week well certainly go dinner steven mentioned brazilian restaurant went looking forward going case vegetarian thanks rodrigo vince j kaminski rodrigo lamas lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject introduction meeting rac london quants houston research rodrigo shall glad meet dedicate one day meeting members research group could arrange series meetings different units sep th sep th monday tuesday free one evening dinner together vince rodrigo lamas vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject introduction meeting rac london quants houston research vince work market risk rac london group review quantitative issues arising enron europe models function given background phd imperial college london also due past experience risk manager brazilian investment bank louis dreyfus agenda includes review number deals wessex tpl eastern well review construction european gas power price curves respective volatility curves currently devoting time analysis uk gas market respective price curve term structure volatility bjorn david suggested could productive chance meet team discuss issues related modelling prices risk measurement tools houston th th september wonder could book time agenda also ask members team thanks rodrigo
"Subject: pozdrowienia  piotr ,  dziekuje za wiadomosc . bede prawdopodobnie w londynie  w koncu wrzesnia . ciesze sie , ze wszystko idzie  pomyslnie .  odezwij sie , jesli bedziesz przyjezdzal do stanow .  rozmawialem ostatnio z twoim kolega , avi hauser .  wicek  wincenty kaminski  10 snowbird  the woodlands , tx 77381  phone : ( 281 ) 367 5377 ( h )  ( 713 ) 853 3848 ( o )  cell : ( 713 ) 898 9960  ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( office mobile phone )",0,pozdrowienia piotr dziekuje za wiadomosc bede prawdopodobnie w londynie w koncu wrzesnia ciesze sie ze wszystko idzie pomyslnie odezwij sie jesli bedziesz przyjezdzal stanow rozmawialem ostatnio z twoim kolega avi hauser wicek wincenty kaminski snowbird woodlands tx phone h cell office mobile phone
"Subject: re : weather course  julie ,  enron location makes more sense . no reason to pay for the hotel .  also , i think that one day makes more sense .  i contacted the weather desk about including other people at the training  course . i think that they would be interested if they got a good discount .  vince  "" julie "" on 02 / 16 / 2001 09 : 39 : 37 am  please respond to "" julie ""  to :  cc :  subject : re : weather course  vince ,  ?  great . ? just to let you know , we decided not to wait on the indecisive ones ,  and postponed the open course . ? it ' s yours , whatever you want : ? 1 day  ( specific to what you feel will be of the most benefit ) , 2 days , hyatt or  enron , or not at all . ? i hope this doesn ' t cause problems for you . ? special  deal , for sure . ? i owe my godfather .  ?  julie  ?  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie  cc : joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com  sent : thursday , february 15 , 2001 3 : 16 pm  subject : re : weather course  julie ,  that ' s definitely an option .  we can provide the room . maybe we can cut with you a special deal for enron  and increase the # of people attending . i am forwarding your message to  our weather desk .  vince  joe ,  what do you think about it ?  vince  "" julie "" on 02 / 15 / 2001 08 : 20 : 24 am  please respond to "" julie ""  to : ? ? "" vincejkaminski ""  cc :  subject : ? weather course  vince ,  we just wanted to let you know that we only have 3 people signed up for the  weather derivatives course ( all from enron ) so far . we have a couple more  that have expressed strong interest , but we are awaiting their final  decision . if no one else signs up , chris and les thought that you guys  could probably get through the first day pretty easily , and thus thought it  may be an option to teach just the 2 nd day material ( pricing ) only at enron  ( doing it at the hyatt is an option as well but the room might be on the  large ? side ) ? we would obviously reimburse you for the day not taught . we  can teach both days as well , but thought you may want to save some time .  i just wanted to give you some time to think about it . we will know ? where  we stand on final numbers by next wednesday .  julie",0,weather course julie enron location makes sense reason pay hotel also think one day makes sense contacted weather desk including people training course think would interested got good discount vince julie please respond julie cc subject weather course vince great let know decided wait indecisive ones postponed open course whatever want day specific feel benefit days hyatt enron hope cause problems special deal sure owe godfather julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie cc joseph hrgovcic enron com sent thursday february pm subject weather course julie definitely option provide room maybe cut special deal enron increase people attending forwarding message weather desk vince joe think vince julie please respond julie vincejkaminski cc subject weather course vince wanted let know people signed weather derivatives course enron far couple expressed strong interest awaiting final decision one else signs chris les thought guys could probably get first day pretty easily thus thought may option teach nd day material pricing enron hyatt option well room might large side would obviously reimburse day taught teach days well thought may want save time wanted give time think know stand final numbers next wednesday julie
"Subject: small - cap stoxs can mean gains for you  * * * * watch this one july 15 - 21 as we know many of you like momentum * * * * * * * * *  breaking news alert issue - - - big news  strong buy alert issued at market close  china world trade corp . symbol : cwtd  current price : $ 2 . 47  7 day target : $ 7 . 00  look for huge news this company back on the move . rumor has the  shorts are going to be broken and stock will run . cwtd website address is  www . chinawtc . com all company info is there . this stock has had good  movement and support the last 15 months it is a strong company growing  in leaps and bounds .  company has been profiled on cnn asia , forbes . com , bloomberg . com , ceo  cast . com , businessweek . com , p . r . newswire , pennystock weekly . com , yahoo  finance has reports for sale . how much more credibility do you need .  amex exchange listing waits in the wings . this is big ! ! ! ! ! ! company filed  for amex 10 months ago and is finally ready to go up based on the 10 k .  symbol cwtd  join in and squezze the shorts : cwtd  take a look at our last strong buy recomendaton we gave you cdgt july 12 th  at $ 3 . 10 and now its $ 3 . 55  get in cwtd while it ' s hot  disclaimer :  information within this email contains "" forwardlooking statements "" within  the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of  thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve  discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,  plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or  performance are not statements of historical fact and may be "" forward  looking statements . "" forwardlooking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made  that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual  results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use  of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" , "" will , "" "" anticipates , ""  "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" understands "" or that by statements indicating  certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur . risk factors include  general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop  specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer  and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has  little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent  that the information contained in this message states all material facts or  does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to  investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and  not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers  and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities  representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this  email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any  kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on  the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this  stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .  the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or  investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section  17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred  thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or  affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an  inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the  fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without  notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing  you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from  public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites  and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this  informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or  completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your  acceptance of these terms .",1,small cap stoxs mean gains watch one july know many like momentum breaking news alert issue big news strong buy alert issued market close china world trade corp symbol cwtd current price day target look huge news company back move rumor shorts going broken stock run cwtd website address www chinawtc com company info stock good movement support last months strong company growing leaps bounds company profiled cnn asia forbes com bloomberg com ceo cast com businessweek com p r newswire pennystock weekly com yahoo finance reports sale much credibility need amex exchange listing waits wings big company filed amex months ago finally ready go based k symbol cwtd join squezze shorts cwtd take look last strong buy recomendaton gave cdgt july th get cwtd hot disclaimer information within email contains forwardlooking statements within meaning section aof securities act section b thesecurities exchange act statements express involve discussions respect predictions expectations beliefs plans projections objectives goals assumptions future events performance statements historical fact may forward looking statements forwardlooking statements based expectations estimates projections time statements made involve number risks uncertainties could cause actual results events differ materially presently anticipated forward looking statements action may identified use words projects foresee expects anticipates estimates believes understands statements indicating certain actions may could might occur risk factors include general economic business conditions ability acquire develop specific projects ability fund operations changes consumer business consumption habits factors overwhich company little control publisher newsletter represent information contained message states material facts omit material fact necessary make statements therein misleading information provided within email pertaining investing stocks securities must understood information provided investment advice publisher newsletter advises readers subscribers seek advice registered professional securities representative deciding trade stocks featured within email none material within report shall construed kind investment advice solicitation many companies verge bankruptcy lose money investing stock urge read company sec filings invest publisher newsletter registered invstment advisor subscribers view information herein legal tax accounting investment advice compliance securitiesact section b publisher newsletter contracted receive six hundred thousand free trading shares third party officer director affiliate shareholder circulation report aware inherent conflict interest resulting compensation due fact paid advertisement without bias party paid us position stock sell anytime without notice could negative impact price stock causing lose money factual information report gathered public sources including limited sec filings company websites company press releases publisher newsletter believes informationto eliable make guarantee accuracy completeness use material within email constitutes acceptance terms
"Subject: enron ' s 2001 goals  our vision to become the world ' s leading company positions our company for  great success this year and beyond . our success is dependent on execution .  with that in mind , we are making enron ' s 2001 corporate and business unit  goals available to employees .  please take a few minutes to review our 2001 goals on enron ' s intranet at  http : / / 172 . 28 . 92 . 190 / bowne / we believe they will help you gain a better  understanding of our vision for the company and will inspire you to identify  innovative ways to help your organization and enron achieve our objectives .  we have a lot to accomplish this year , and with your hard work and  dedication , we can realize another year of stellar performance .",0,enron goals vision become world leading company positions company great success year beyond success dependent execution mind making enron corporate business unit goals available employees please take minutes review goals enron intranet http bowne believe help gain better understanding vision company inspire identify innovative ways help organization enron achieve objectives lot accomplish year hard work dedication realize another year stellar performance
"Subject: fpa notice : ebay misrepresentation of identity - user suspension - section 9 -  dear ebay member ,  in an effort to protect your ebay  account security , we have suspended your account until such time that it can  be safely restored to you . we have taken this action because your account  may have been compromised . although we cannot disclose our investigative  procedures that led to this conclusion , please know that we took this action  in order to maintain the safety of your account . for instructions on  getting your account reinstated , please click the button bellow :  thank you for your patience and  cooperation . regards ,  safeharbor departmentebay  inc . ",1,fpa notice ebay misrepresentation identity user suspension section dear ebay member effort protect ebay account security suspended account time safely restored taken action account may compromised although disclose investigative procedures led conclusion please know took action order maintain safety account instructions getting account reinstated please click button bellow thank patience cooperation regards safeharbor departmentebay inc
"Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s )  that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in  the performance management process , and your participation is very critical  to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the  performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as  described in the "" performance management quick reference guide "" . you may  begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms  completed by the date noted below .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers :  in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only )  or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback  requests , by operating company , that have an "" open "" feedback status . an  employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback  form and select the "" submit "" button in pep .  review group : enron  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000  carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000  carson , richard l richard b buy may 22 , 2000  crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j . kaminski may 24 , 2000  ganjoo , shalesh peyton s gibner jun 15 , 2000  ghosh , soma timothy davies may 31 , 2000  kaminski , wincenty j . david w delainey jun 05 , 2000  overdyke , jere c . david w delainey jun 12 , 2000  peyton , john a randal t maffett jun 05 , 2000  rotenberg , douglas m . david l . haug jun 15 , 2000",0,mid year performance feedback note receive message time selected reviewer selected participate mid year performance management process providing meaningful feedback specific employee identified feedback plays important role performance management process participation critical success enron performance management goals please provide feedback employee listed accessing performance management system pep completing online feedback form described performance management quick reference guide may begin feedback input immediately please feedback forms completed date noted questions regarding pep responsibility process please call pep help desk following numbers u option europe option canada canada employees e mail questions perfmgmt enron com thank participation important process following list employees cumulative list feedback requests operating company open feedback status employee name longer appear completed feedback form select submit button pep review group enron feedback due date jun employee name supervisor name date selected ahmad anjam dale surbey may carson margaret james steffes may carson richard l richard b buy may crenshaw shirley j wincenty j kaminski may ganjoo shalesh peyton gibner jun ghosh soma timothy davies may kaminski wincenty j david w delainey jun overdyke jere c david w delainey jun peyton john randal maffett jun rotenberg douglas david l haug jun
"Subject: interview schedule for rabi s . de  attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .  the interview will happen friday august 11 , 2000 . please print all three  documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  sean grady  58701",0,interview schedule rabi de attached please find interview packet referenced person interview happen friday august please print three documents hard copies questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact sean grady
"Subject: performance  at this point , monday december 4 th seems to be free for most of you  whose calendar i have .  let me know .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  07 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  10 / 30 / 2000 07 : 32 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect ,  mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , osman  sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : performance  good morning everyone .  please let me know which date you would prefer . december 4 or december 8 th .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  07 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  norma villarreal  10 / 28 / 2000 10 : 47 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect ,  osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona perkins / corp / enron @ enron  subject : performance  the research group will be conducting a performance review committee ( prc )  meeting in early december . all vice presidents , sr . directors and directors  should attend . shirley crenshaw will be contacting you to schedule the prc  meeting date and time . these are the current available dates :  december 4 , 8 .  in preparation for the meeting please submit recommended rankings and  promotions to me based on employee feedback by november 29 , 2000 . please  included analyst / associates ,  if you have any questions please feel free to call me or ramona perkins at  x 58165 .  here is some helpful information for you as we proceed throughout he  performance evaluation process  october 25 , 2000 - november 17 , 2000 ( 3 1 / 2 weeks ) :  employees will provide a list of accomplishments occurring after june 1 , 2000  to their supervisors  employees will receive an email advising of access and passwords to pep  system ( 10 / 25 )  employees identify selected reviewers on line and will submit to supervisor  supervisor will add and / or delete reviewers in order to capture a full 360  degree feedback  supervisor will submit and reviewers will receive an e : mail advising them of  their reviewer role  reviewers can decline or complete the review  once system closes on november 17 , 2000 ,  prepare for research prc meeting ( print consolidate review , pre rank  employees , identify candidates for promotion and submit to hr )  important dates ( i will notify you of any changes ) :  september 30 , 2000 only employees before 10 / 1 / 00 will be included for pep and  bonuses  october 15 , 2000 whomever is the supervisor for employees on 10 / 15 / 00 will be  responsible for their reviews  october 25 , 2000 pep system opens ( http : / pep . corp . enron . com )  october 30 - 31 , 2000 pep overview session at doubletree  november 17 , 2000 pep system closes for feedback  november 23 - 24 thanksgiving holiday  november 29 , 2000 provide hr with pre - rankings and promotions  december tbd , 2000 research prc  january 31 , 2001 all reviews must be complete , signed and submitted to hr  norma  sr . hr representative  x 31545",0,performance point monday december th seems free whose calendar let know thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect shirley crenshaw stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect osman sezgen hou ees ees tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc subject performance good morning everyone please let know date would prefer december december th thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect norma villarreal shirley crenshaw hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect osman sezgen hou ees ees cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect ramona perkins corp enron enron subject performance research group conducting performance review committee prc meeting early december vice presidents sr directors directors attend shirley crenshaw contacting schedule prc meeting date time current available dates december preparation meeting please submit recommended rankings promotions based employee feedback november please included analyst associates questions please feel free call ramona perkins x helpful information proceed throughout performance evaluation process october november weeks employees provide list accomplishments occurring june supervisors employees receive email advising access passwords pep system employees identify selected reviewers line submit supervisor supervisor add delete reviewers order capture full degree feedback supervisor submit reviewers receive e mail advising reviewer role reviewers decline complete review system closes november prepare research prc meeting print consolidate review pre rank employees identify candidates promotion submit hr important dates notify changes september employees included pep bonuses october whomever supervisor employees responsible reviews october pep system opens http pep corp enron com october pep overview session doubletree november pep system closes feedback november thanksgiving holiday november provide hr pre rankings promotions december tbd research prc january reviews must complete signed submitted hr norma sr hr representative x
"Subject: re : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  he told me that he has what he needs .  - - stinson  vince j kaminski  12 / 14 / 2000 09 : 53 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  stinson ,  did we resolve this case ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 2000  09 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  arsystem @ mailman . enron . com on 12 / 13 / 2000 07 : 00 : 54 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  this request has been pending approval for 18 days and you are the  alternate . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000007876  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 11 / 20 / 00 2 : 36 : 29 pm  requested for : stewart . range @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory",0,approval overdue access request stewart range enron com told needs stinson vince j kaminski stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject approval overdue access request stewart range enron com stinson resolve case vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect arsystem mailman enron com pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject approval overdue access request stewart range enron com request pending approval days alternate please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date pm requested stewart range enron com resource name enehou houston common research read write resource type directory
"Subject: mgmt 656  enclosed please find the final grade rosters for mgmt 656 . grades are due into our office no later than friday , may 4 .  remember that this is the university deadline for graduating students .  thank you for your help ! - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  - 656 . doc",0,mgmt enclosed please find final grade rosters mgmt grades due office later friday may remember university deadline graduating students thank help pam doc
"Subject: re : the package  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001  01 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  01 / 23 / 2001 01 : 06 pm  to : "" valery kholodnyi "" @ enron  cc :  subject : re : the package  valery ,  thanks a lot . i have received the package last week .  i was traveling and i did not have time to take a closer look at it yet .  i think about a trip to dallas sometimes in the first few days of february . i  hope you will find time for lunch . i will contact you later this week  regarding the date .  vince  "" valery kholodnyi "" on 01 / 22 / 2001 05 : 59 : 53 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : the package  dear vince ,  could you please acknowledge receipt of the package with a copy of my article  on  spikes in power prices , as well as copies of my books and some of my other  relevant articles , that i recently sent to you .  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  valery",0,package forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm valery kholodnyi enron cc subject package valery thanks lot received package last week traveling time take closer look yet think trip dallas sometimes first days february hope find time lunch contact later week regarding date vince valery kholodnyi pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject package dear vince could please acknowledge receipt package copy article spikes power prices well copies books relevant articles recently sent look forward hearing sincerely valery
"Subject: = ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? clausura _ curso _ ni = dlos _ y _ adolescentes . ? =  5 de julio 2005  lic monica ramos rodriguez .  jefa de noticias de tv 9 canal de oaxaca  la television de los oaxaque?os .  estimada licenciada :  reciba un cordial saludo y al mismo tiempo mi solicitud para que un reportero y un camarografo nos haga el favor de tomar la rese?a de la clauura del curso de "" prevencion de adicciones "" para menores oaxaque?os .  que se imparti? del 4 al 8 de julio del 2005 de 10 : 00 al 4 : 00 horas en coordinacion con el centro de integracion juvenil a . c . de oaxaca .  este curso cont? con la participacion de ni?os oaxaque?os en edad de primaria , la instructora fue la lic en trabajo social victoria ortega .  dicha clausura se realizar? en el cij ubicado en marcos perez 111 a las 14 horas , con la entrega de las constancias de participacion por parte del cij y telefonos de mexico s . a . de c . v .  mucho le agradecer? nos d? su amable confirmacion por este medio .  reciba un cordial saludo .  lae . ada beatriz lopez y lopez  h colegio militar 1013  col reforma oaxaca  oax  c . p . 68050  ahora infinitum te da doble de velocidad , mismo precio . baja fotos , m?sica , videos y todo lo que quieras al doble de velocidad desde $ 349 al mes  m?s i . v . a .  ? qu? esperas ?  acel?rate al doble y con?ctate http : / / www . hits . telmex . com / app / ad _ mgr / ad _ mgrn . jsp ? ad = 371  as?m @ te a telmex . com http : / / www . hits . telmex . com / app / ad _ mgr / ad _ mgrn . jsp ? ad = 195  confidentiality notice : this e - mail message including attachments , if any , is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and  may contain confidential and / or privileged material . any review , use , disclosure or distribution of such confidential information without the written  authorization of tel?fonos de m?xico is prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender by reply e - mail and destroy all copies  of the original message . by receiving this e - mail you acknowledge that any breach by you and / or your representatives of the above provisions may  entitle tel?fonos de m?xico to seek for damages .  aviso de confidencialidad : este correo electr?nico , incluyendo en su caso , los archivos adjuntos al mismo , pueden contener informaci?n de  car?cter confidencial y / o privilegiada , y se env?an a la atenci?n ?nica y exclusivamente de la persona y / o entidad a quien va dirigido . la copia ,  revisi?n , uso , revelaci?n y / o distribuci?n de dicha informaci?n confidencial sin la autorizaci?n por escrito de tel?fonos de m?xico est? prohibida . si  usted no es el destinatario a quien se dirige el presente correo , favor de contactar al remitente respondiendo al presente correo y eliminar el correo  original incluyendo sus archivos , as? como cualesquiera copia del mismo . mediante la recepci?n del presente correo usted reconoce y acepta que en  caso de incumplimiento de su parte y / o de sus representantes a los t?rminos antes mencionados , tel?fonos de m?xico tendr? derecho a los da?os y  perjuicios que esto le cause .",1,iso q clausura curso ni dlos adolescentes de julio lic monica ramos rodriguez jefa de noticias de tv canal de oaxaca la television de los oaxaqueos estimada licenciada reciba un cordial saludo al mismo tiempo mi solicitud para que un reportero un camarografo nos haga el favor de tomar la resea de la clauura del curso de prevencion de adicciones para menores oaxaqueos que se imparti del al de julio del de al horas en coordinacion con el centro de integracion juvenil c de oaxaca este curso cont con la participacion de nios oaxaqueos en edad de primaria la instructora fue la lic en trabajo social victoria ortega dicha clausura se realizar en el cij ubicado en marcos perez las horas con la entrega de las constancias de participacion por parte del cij telefonos de mexico de c v mucho le agradecer nos su amable confirmacion por este medio reciba un cordial saludo lae ada beatriz lopez lopez h colegio militar col reforma oaxaca oax c p ahora infinitum te da doble de velocidad mismo precio baja fotos msica videos todo lo que quieras al doble de velocidad desde al mes ms v qu esperas acelrate al doble conctate http www hits telmex com app ad mgr ad mgrn jsp ad asm te telmex com http www hits telmex com app ad mgr ad mgrn jsp ad confidentiality notice e mail message including attachments intended person entity addressed may contain confidential privileged material review use disclosure distribution confidential information without written authorization telfonos de mxico prohibited intended recipient please contact sender reply e mail destroy copies original message receiving e mail acknowledge breach representatives provisions may entitle telfonos de mxico seek damages aviso de confidencialidad este correo electrnico incluyendo en su caso los archivos adjuntos al mismo pueden contener informacin de carcter confidencial privilegiada se envan la atencin nica exclusivamente de la persona entidad quien va dirigido la copia revisin uso revelacin distribucin de dicha informacin confidencial sin la autorizacin por escrito de telfonos de mxico est prohibida si usted es el destinatario quien se dirige el presente correo favor de contactar al remitente respondiendo al presente correo eliminar el correo original incluyendo sus archivos como cualesquiera copia del mismo mediante la recepcin del presente correo usted reconoce acepta que en caso de incumplimiento de su parte de sus representantes los trminos antes mencionados telfonos de mxico tendr derecho los daos perjuicios que esto le cause
"Subject: re : term project :  dear vince ,  i was wondering if you were able to open the attachment with my resume this  time . rumor has it that you are currently hiring people for your group . is  this true ?  sincerely ,  helen  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 3 : 22 pm  to : isranir @ rice . edu ; demianen @ rice . edu ; tbal 93 @ yahoo . com ;  maue @ rice . edu ; loughrid @ rice . edu ; jblantonjr @ yahoo . com ;  gjohnson @ rice . edu ; emchombo @ rice . edu ; nazareth @ rice . edu ;  vanstone @ rice . edu ; ganguzza @ rice . edu ; nelsonb @ rice . edu ;  sssmith @ rice . edu ; wheelock @ rice . edu ; westmore @ rice . edu ;  gaudette @ rice . edu ; otaylor @ rice . edu ; dikeman @ rice . edu ; jettke @ rice . edu ;  litton @ rice . edu ; chilkina @ rice . edu ; helms @ rice . edu ; wankhade @ rice . edu ;  monfan @ rice . edu ; kostya @ rice . edu ; pcp @ rice . edu ; yueguo @ rice . edu ;  nlwbio @ rice . edu ; zhangn @ rice . edu ; rishad @ rice . edu ; yoshiura @ rice . edu ;  howard @ rice . edu ; dayangd @ rice . edu ; wuwei @ rice . edu ; so @ rice . edu ;  wooddy @ rice . edu ; lamas @ rice . edu ; tbalestrery @ houston . rr . com ;  hingoran @ rice . edu ; planck @ rice . edu  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ;  jason . sokolov @ enron . com  subject : term project :  this is the list of projects for the members of the "" quant "" team .  if you are working on different project , please , ignore this message .  please , develop in a spreadsheet solutions / examples for the following :  1 . black - scholes formula  2 . black ' s formula  3 . develop a spreadsheet to simulate price trajectory using :  a . gbm  b . gbm + jump ( formula 2 . 16 in the book , figure 2 . 7 )  c . mean reversion + jump ( formula 2 . 17 , figure 2 . 8 )  4 . schwartz single factor model ( formula 6 . 12 )  5 . develop models corresponding to the figures 7 . 1 , 7 . 3 , 7 . 5 , 7 . 6 , 7 . 8  vince",0,term project dear vince wondering able open attachment resume time rumor currently hiring people group true sincerely helen original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday april pm isranir rice edu demianen rice edu tbal yahoo com maue rice edu loughrid rice edu jblantonjr yahoo com gjohnson rice edu emchombo rice edu nazareth rice edu vanstone rice edu ganguzza rice edu nelsonb rice edu sssmith rice edu wheelock rice edu westmore rice edu gaudette rice edu otaylor rice edu dikeman rice edu jettke rice edu litton rice edu chilkina rice edu helms rice edu wankhade rice edu monfan rice edu kostya rice edu pcp rice edu yueguo rice edu nlwbio rice edu zhangn rice edu rishad rice edu yoshiura rice edu howard rice edu dayangd rice edu wuwei rice edu rice edu wooddy rice edu lamas rice edu tbalestrery houston rr com hingoran rice edu planck rice edu cc vkaminski aol com vince j kaminski enron com jason sokolov enron com subject term project list projects members quant team working different project please ignore message please develop spreadsheet solutions examples following black scholes formula black formula develop spreadsheet simulate price trajectory using gbm b gbm jump formula book figure c mean reversion jump formula figure schwartz single factor model formula develop models corresponding figures vince
"Subject: re : power play book  vince ,  you are a saint for lending me a copy of your book . i agree with you that we  don ' t want increase there revenues even by a $ 1 . 00 , although my  recommendation ( and mark palmer ' s as well ) is that we should pursue a  rebuttal for the following reasons :  as i mentioned i scoured the internet ( britannica . com , amazon . com , yahoo . com  and dow jones ) and could not find one mention of the book , therefore mr .  mehta ' s distribution must not be wide at all . consequently , his comments may  not have reached a large audience . issuing a rebuttal , may in fact , draw  more attention to the comments and issues then they are currently receiving .  i believe we should proceed with caution , and respond accordingly ( with  counter comments ) only when comments are solicited from us . so far , we have  not received any telephone inquiries from media in relation to mr . mehta ' s  enron bashing . may be we should ' leave the stones unturned ' .  let me know what you think . also , please contact me when it is convenient  for me to borrow the book from you .  regards ,  cindy  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 38 pm  to : cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : power play book  cindy ,  i got a copy of the book and another one is on the way from our officer in  india .  i can lend you the book and you can makes copies of the most important  chapters .  i don ' t think we should be buying too many copies and increasing the sales of  the book .  in general , i think that we should counter the presentations made by mr .  mehta . the person in charge of  our dhabol operation is a stanford graduate and maybe he could obtain an  invitation  to speak at the same forum and present the facts as they are . he should be  here for the management  conference .  vince  from : cindy derecskey @ enron on 10 / 11 / 2000 01 : 30 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , michael b rosen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : power play book  good afternoon vince ,  christie patrick mentioned to me the conference that your wife recently  attended at stanford . at this coference abahy mehta discussed his / her  recently published book ' power play ' - that certainly does not flatter  enron . i have conducted a search on amazon . com , britannica . com and dow jones  and i am coming up empty handed . would you be kind enough to briefly trouble  your wife to provide any other information she may remember , so i can narrow  my search .  i greatly appreciate it .  regards ,  cindy",0,power play book vince saint lending copy book agree want increase revenues even although recommendation mark palmer well pursue rebuttal following reasons mentioned scoured internet britannica com amazon com yahoo com dow jones could find one mention book therefore mr mehta distribution must wide consequently comments may reached large audience issuing rebuttal may fact draw attention comments issues currently receiving believe proceed caution respond accordingly counter comments comments solicited us far received telephone inquiries media relation mr mehta enron bashing may leave stones unturned let know think also please contact convenient borrow book regards cindy vince j kaminski ect pm cindy derecskey corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject power play book cindy got copy book another one way officer india lend book makes copies important chapters think buying many copies increasing sales book general think counter presentations made mr mehta person charge dhabol operation stanford graduate maybe could obtain invitation speak forum present facts management conference vince cindy derecskey enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc christie patrick hou ect ect michael b rosen hou ect ect subject power play book good afternoon vince christie patrick mentioned conference wife recently attended stanford coference abahy mehta discussed recently published book power play certainly flatter enron conducted search amazon com britannica com dow jones coming empty handed would kind enough briefly trouble wife provide information may remember narrow search greatly appreciate regards cindy
"Subject: re : equity investment fair value in turkey  john ,  please , give me another day to elaborate . it ' s quite hectic here .  vince  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : john bottomley 06 / 21 / 2000 03 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : equity investment fair value in turkey  vince ,  any further thoughts on your end ?  john  vince j kaminski  19 / 06 / 2000 15 : 45  to : john bottomley / lon / ect @ ect  cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : equity investment fair value in turkey  john ,  it seems to me that using a risk - free rate is not appropriate . i shall  elaborate on my  position and send you a longer message this afternoon ( my time ) .  vince  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : john bottomley 06 / 19 / 2000 05 : 55 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  subject : equity investment fair value in turkey  vince ,  john sherriff recommended that i contact you regarding an interesting ( and  potentially contentious ) option valuation issue we are currently dealing with  in london . we hold longish term options in a private company in turkey which  is currently seeking to ipo . the issue we are discussing with rac is which  discount rate ( i . e . , risk - free ? and if so turkish or us ? ) should we use to  value these options  first , some additional information .  option characteristics :  - - 116 , 000 options ( representing 9 % of the company )  - - term : minimum of 3 years but possibly longer - - still being renegotiated  - - strike price : 20 % below the upcoming ipo price ( either priced in us $ or  turkish lire )  we currently hold the above number of options with a fixed price of $ 118 . 75  per option but 34 , 800 expire on july 15 , 2000 with the remainder expiring on  december 15 , 2000 . the company ' s investment bankers ( abn / amro rothchilds )  are concerned regarding the strike price because it values the company at  $ 118 million and they believe the company is worth approx $ 300 million . due  to such a large "" valuation gap "" , they originally encouraged us to exercise  all of the options by the end of june ( ipo target date in late sept / early  oct ) . our counter - proposal is to "" swap "" instrinsic value for time value by  repricing the options strike higher while extending their term .  we are currently negotiating with rac the most appropriate discount rate to  use to value the options . we are arguing that the us risk free is the most  appropriate discount rate and their current position is that the company ' s  historical senior debt cost ( 18 % ) is the more appropriate number to use  ( although admit that this is not justifiable - - only a proxy )  a few key points :  - - rac is valuing the options via crystal ball simulations such that this "" to  be negotiated "" discount rate is used to calculate the pv of the future  options intrinsic value in 3 years  ( i . e . , for black - scholes , a higher discount rate yields a higher value but  the opposite is true using crystal ball simulation )  - - the model simulates both an ipo / no ipo case and in the case of no ipo we  have put options for our equity priced at a fixed 17 % return  - - the model assigns a 30 % illiquidity discount  - - in the simulated cases where the options are out - of - the - money , we  obviously do not exercise .  we understand that for black - scholes option valuation , one needs to be able  to construct a comparable portfolio of cash flows using equity futures and  the risk free in order for the valuation to hold . and here is where we reach  our difficulty : since the company doesn ' t currently trade on a public market  and since equity futures do not exist for turkish equities , rac is arguing  that a us risk free is not appropriate to use . our argument is that the  non - ipo scenario , a 30 % illiquidity discount and a us $ based option  volatility are already in the factored into the simulation . as such , we feel  rac ' s approach is double counting .  if you managed to get through the above , your a patient man ! i ' ll give you a  call today or tomorrow after you ' ve had a chance to digest the information .  regards ,  john bottomley",0,equity investment fair value turkey john please give another day elaborate quite hectic vince enron capital trade resources corp europe john bottomley vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject equity investment fair value turkey vince thoughts end john vince j kaminski john bottomley lon ect ect cc dale surbey lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect subject equity investment fair value turkey john seems using risk free rate appropriate shall elaborate position send longer message afternoon time vince enron capital trade resources corp europe john bottomley vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc john sherriff lon ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect subject equity investment fair value turkey vince john sherriff recommended contact regarding interesting potentially contentious option valuation issue currently dealing london hold longish term options private company turkey currently seeking ipo issue discussing rac discount rate e risk free turkish us use value options first additional information option characteristics options representing company term minimum years possibly longer still renegotiated strike price upcoming ipo price either priced us turkish lire currently hold number options fixed price per option expire july remainder expiring december company investment bankers abn amro rothchilds concerned regarding strike price values company million believe company worth approx million due large valuation gap originally encouraged us exercise options end june ipo target date late sept early oct counter proposal swap instrinsic value time value repricing options strike higher extending term currently negotiating rac appropriate discount rate use value options arguing us risk free appropriate discount rate current position company historical senior debt cost appropriate number use although admit justifiable proxy key points rac valuing options via crystal ball simulations negotiated discount rate used calculate pv future options intrinsic value years e black scholes higher discount rate yields higher value opposite true using crystal ball simulation model simulates ipo ipo case case ipo put options equity priced fixed return model assigns illiquidity discount simulated cases options money obviously exercise understand black scholes option valuation one needs able construct comparable portfolio cash flows using equity futures risk free order valuation hold reach difficulty since company currently trade public market since equity futures exist turkish equities rac arguing us risk free appropriate use argument non ipo scenario illiquidity discount us based option volatility already factored simulation feel rac approach double counting managed get patient man give call today tomorrow chance digest information regards john bottomley
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want .  cialls has a iot of advantages over viaqra  - the effect lasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country !  get it riqht now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactiy want cialls iot advantages viaqra effect lasts hours ready start within minutes mix aicohol ship country get riqht
"Subject: you only think you ' re u . s . citizen ! ! 8403 zmsx 2 - 110 - 12  you only think you ' re a  u . s . citizen ! !  if you were born in washington d . c . , puerto rico ,  guam , the virgin islands or some other u . s .  possession ; you ' re right and i ' m wrong .  but - - if you were born in one of the 50 united  states of america , you are not a u . s .  citizen .  rather , you are a citizen of idaho , ohio , maine ,  etc . ; the state of the union in which you were  born !  this simple reality holds serious benefits for you !  since you are not a "" federal "" citizen , you  owe  no federal income taxes . the irs  can only demand  income tax payments from 3 kinds of citizens :  1 . those who are citizens of the u . s . !  2 . anyone who receives "" income "" from a u . s .  source  ( and wait until you find out what "" income "" really  is ! ) .  3 . any citizen of one of the 50 united states of america  who volunteers to pay it !  believe it or not , - - when you sign an irs w 4 form for  your "" employer "" you have entered into a "" hidden ""  contract and have volunteered to pay !  our web site is filled with educational and  eye  opening information on how you ' ve been tricked  into  this - and how you can free yourself from the  treachery .  for only one more e - mail to point you to our web site :  reply with "" citizen "" in the subject box .  click here  ps : to be removed from the list , just put  "" remove "" in subject line .  click here  0489 xpjk 9 - 7 ll 0  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing  real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in !  http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,think u citizen zmsx think u citizen born washington c puerto rico guam virgin islands u possession right wrong born one united states america u citizen rather citizen idaho ohio maine etc state union born simple reality holds serious benefits since federal citizen owe federal income taxes irs demand income tax payments kinds citizens citizens u anyone receives income u source wait find income really citizen one united states america volunteers pay believe sign irs w form employer entered hidden contract volunteered pay web site filled educational eye opening information tricked free treachery one e mail point web site reply citizen subject box click ps removed list put remove subject line click xpjk sf net email sponsored jabber world fastest growing real time communications platform im build http www jabber com osdn xim spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: job description  good afternoon . here is the job description for the computational finance  students . we should have our preferred interview dates shortly . please let  us know if you have any questions , and have a happy thanksgiving .  - kevin kindall",0,job description good afternoon job description computational finance students preferred interview dates shortly please let us know questions happy thanksgiving kevin kindall
"Subject: re : erequest 3991  thanks !  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 10 / 2000 05 : 06 pm  to : jameika smikle / corp / enron @ enron  cc : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : erequest 3991  aproved in both cases .  vince kaminski  from : jameika smikle @ enron on 10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 19 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : erequest 3991  peter makkai is also requesting this access .  - - - - - forwarded by jameika smikle / corp / enron on 10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 19 pm - - - - -  jameika smikle  10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 16 pm  to : vince kaminski  cc :  subject : erequest 3991  stpehen bennett is requesting read / write access to o : \ research  please advise .  jameika  irm",0,erequest thanks vince j kaminski ect pm jameika smikle corp enron enron cc mike roberts hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject erequest aproved cases vince kaminski jameika smikle enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject erequest peter makkai also requesting access forwarded jameika smikle corp enron pm jameika smikle pm vince kaminski cc subject erequest stpehen bennett requesting read write access research please advise jameika irm
"Subject: custom logos and identities from us  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom desiqn of logos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing  tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amongthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,custom logos identities us thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom desiqn logos stationery web sites carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing tools wili brinq breath fresh air business make stand amongthe competitors ciick away future success click see sampies artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
Subject: re : rabi de ' s sign on bonus  sorry vince i have been out of town . please give me a call tomorrow .,0,rabi de sign bonus sorry vince town please give call tomorrow
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want .  ciaiis has a iot of advantages over viaqra  - the effect iasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country !  get it riqht now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactly want ciaiis iot advantages viaqra effect iasts hours ready start within minutes mix alcohoi ship country get riqht
"Subject: re : mba career opportunity  vince ,  thanks for your consideration . please let me know details for the phone  interview at your earliest convenience .  happy thanksgiving .  qing  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  sent : tuesday , november 21 , 2000 8 : 45 am  subject : re : mba career opportunity  >  > christine ,  >  > we shall arrange a phone interview with you .  >  > vince  >  >  >",0,mba career opportunity vince thanks consideration please let know details phone interview earliest convenience happy thanksgiving qing original message sent tuesday november subject mba career opportunity christine shall arrange phone interview vince
"Subject: re : implementing term - structure of correlations for power  tanya ,  while there is seasonal correlations in power , especially for np - 15  and sp - 15 ( same region ) , the term structure of correlations can be input .  however , the same correlation structure with similar periodicity may not hold  between np - 15 and , say , rlb ( neepool ) , though one would imagine that  relationship would still be seasonal ( summer / winter ) , with greater noise .  even if the correlational term structure is to be done for power , different  rules would have to be inputted for different regions .  naveen  tanya tamarchenko @ ect  10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 42 am  to : vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect , naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc : kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , wenyao  jia / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : implementing term - structure of correlations for power  vlady  2 ) correlations are periodic with a period of 1 year ( this means we can use  12 correlation matrices calculated from  first 12 forward contracts and apply these matrices to other forward months ) ;  3 ) using decay factor makes the curves a little smoother .  implementation of multiple correlation matrices will not affect the speed of  calculations in var model significantly .  please , give me your response ,  thanks ,  tanya .",0,implementing term structure correlations power tanya seasonal correlations power especially np sp region term structure correlations input however correlation structure similar periodicity may hold np say rlb neepool though one would imagine relationship would still seasonal summer winter greater noise even correlational term structure done power different rules would inputted different regions naveen tanya tamarchenko ect vladimir gorny hou ect ect naveen andrews corp enron enron cc kirstee hewitt lon ect ect debbie r brackett hou ect ect wenyao jia hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject implementing term structure correlations power vlady correlations periodic period year means use correlation matrices calculated first forward contracts apply matrices forward months using decay factor makes curves little smoother implementation multiple correlation matrices affect speed calculations var model significantly please give response thanks tanya
Subject: research get - together at sandeep kohli ' s new home  hello everyone :  here is your invitation and a map to sandeep ' s home .  see you saturday !,0,research get together sandeep kohli new home hello everyone invitation map sandeep home see saturday
"Subject: picks from analyst with high - level precision  small - cap stock finder  new developments expected to move western sierra mining , inc . stock  from $ o . 70 to over $ 4 . oo  westernsierramining . com  western sierra mining is a company on the move , fast ! big news is out !  big business is afoot for wsrm !  read on to find out why wsrm is our top pick this week .  * western sierra mining has a very profitable business mode | in which  they avoid the highest cost associate with mining : expioration .  essentia | | y , wester sierra operates mines on sites that have been previously  explored and found to be "" too small "" for the | argest mining companies ,  yet stil | produce handsome profits .  * the global mining industry boom wi | | continue for the foreseeable  future due to the impact of china - driven demand on commodity prices and  long suppiy - response lead times .  * news ! news ! news ! read on to find out why we expect wsrm to take off  this week !  here is recent news on the company :  phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining corp .  ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that the board of directors  has approved and authorized a 2 - for - 1 forward spiit of its issued and  outstanding common s - tock to al | shareholders of record as of june 26 ,  2 oo 5 .  the company stated that the reason for the split was to a | | ow  additional investors to participate in the long - term goals and objectives of  western .  phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june lo , 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining ( pink  sheets : wsrm - news ) and oretech inc . ( pink sheets : orte - news )  announced today that their respective boards of directors have agreed to enter  into an agreement to develop the silver piume and pittsburg mines  | ocated in coiorado .  commenting on the proposed transaction , the president of western sierra  mining , michael chaffee , said , "" the new aiignment with oretech wi | |  aliow each of the companies to utiiize their specific expertise to the  maximum benefit of the other . oretech is trying to focus on developing its  propriety extraction technology and western is expanding its mining  activities in the u . s . we have started our due diiigence on the property  and look forward to taking a proposal back to oretech by the end of the  month .  phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink  sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that it has signed a letter of intent  with asdi corp . providing wsrm the right to develop the asdi property  | ocated in crescent vailey at battie mountain , nev .  we cannot stress enough the significance of this news . a s - tock split  can oniy mean one thing ; good business ! with the split date set at june  26 , now is obviously the time to get in . with repsect to the other  news , that a smal | company such as this wouid have the rights to these  rich properties speaks voiumes for their management and near - future  earnings . that they wouid be so fortunate as to be involved with an industry  pioneer such as oretech is nothing short of extraordinary .  these fortuitous events have earned wsrm our highly recommendation  symbol : ( wsrm )  current price : 0 . 70  short term target price : 4 . 60  12 month target price : 8 . 90  * * * news from the industry * * *  * mining s - tocks have outperformed both the s & p 5 oo and the dow jones  industrial average over the last three years .  * profits by mining companies have doubled for the second year in a  row . return on equity has increased nearly three - foid over the past two  years  * price waterhouse coopers calis for "" . . . another bumper year for the  giobal mining industry in 2 oo 5 . "" they go on to say , "" the sustained  upturn in commodity prices has caught investors ' attention , creating a dash  for mining s - tocks . add the unprecedented profits and free cash flows  and we have a very buoyant industry . ""  for more information read , mine - enter the dragon , by price waterhouse  coopers , located at pwcglobal . com  disclaimer :  information within this email contains "" forward | ooking statements ""  within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and  section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that  express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,  expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals ,  assumptions or future  events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be  "" forward | ooking statements . "" forward | ooking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are  made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause  actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy  anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be  identified  through the use of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" ,  "" wil | , "" "" anticipates , "" "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" "" understands "" or  that by  statements indicating certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur .  as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additional risk  factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a | imited operating  history ,  the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a sharehoider on an  unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority  s - tockholder , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw  materiais :  reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and  numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capita | .  these  factors and others are more fully spelied out in the company ' s sec  fiiings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket  stock  report does not represent that the information contained in this  message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact  necessary  to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information  provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities  must be  understood as information provided and not investment advice . the  rocket stock report advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice  from  a registered professional securities representative before deciding to  trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within  this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or  soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .  you  can | ose al | your mone * y by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of  the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .  subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax ,  accounting or  investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies  are  speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance  of  these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results  in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening .  remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future  results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a  company ' s fiiings , should be compieted prior to investing . in  compliance  with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report  discioses the receipt of tweive thousand dollars from a third party  ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for  the  circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stoc * k  they  wi | | sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict  of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this  is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . all factual information  in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not  | imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases .  the  rocket sto * ck report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can  make  no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material  within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .",1,picks analyst high level precision small cap stock finder new developments expected move western sierra mining inc stock oo westernsierramining com western sierra mining company move fast big news big business afoot wsrm read find wsrm top pick week western sierra mining profitable business mode avoid highest cost associate mining expioration essentia wester sierra operates mines sites previously explored found small argest mining companies yet stil produce handsome profits global mining industry boom wi continue foreseeable future due impact china driven demand commodity prices long suppiy response lead times news news news read find expect wsrm take week recent news company phoenix business wire june oo western sierra mining corp pink sheets wsrm news announced today board directors approved authorized forward spiit issued outstanding common tock al shareholders record june oo company stated reason split ow additional investors participate long term goals objectives western phoenix business wire june lo oo western sierra mining pink sheets wsrm news oretech inc pink sheets orte news announced today respective boards directors agreed enter agreement develop silver piume pittsburg mines ocated coiorado commenting proposed transaction president western sierra mining michael chaffee said new aiignment oretech wi aliow companies utiiize specific expertise maximum benefit oretech trying focus developing propriety extraction technology western expanding mining activities u started due diiigence property look forward taking proposal back oretech end month phoenix business wire june western sierra mining pink sheets wsrm news announced today signed letter intent asdi corp providing wsrm right develop asdi property ocated crescent vailey battie mountain nev stress enough significance news tock split oniy mean one thing good business split date set june obviously time get repsect news smal company wouid rights rich properties speaks voiumes management near future earnings wouid fortunate involved industry pioneer oretech nothing short extraordinary fortuitous events earned wsrm highly recommendation symbol wsrm current price short term target price month target price news industry mining tocks outperformed p oo dow jones industrial average last three years profits mining companies doubled second year row return equity increased nearly three foid past two years price waterhouse coopers calis another bumper year giobal mining industry oo go say sustained upturn commodity prices caught investors attention creating dash mining tocks add unprecedented profits free cash flows buoyant industry information read mine enter dragon price waterhouse coopers located pwcglobal com disclaimer information within email contains forward ooking statements within meaning section securities act section b securities exchange act statements express invoive discussions respect predictions expectations beliefs pians projections objectives goals assumptions future events performance statements historica fact may forward ooking statements forward ooking statements based expectations estimates projections time statements made involve number risks uncertainties couid cause actual results events differ materialiy presentiy anticipated forward looking statements action may identified use words projects foresee expects wil anticipates estimates believes understands statements indicating certain actions may could might occur many micro cap tocks today company additional risk factors worth noting factors inciude imited operating history company advancing cash reiated parties sharehoider unsecured basis one vendor related party majority tockholder suppiies ninety seven percent company raw materiais reiiance two customers fifty percent business numerous related party transactions need raise capita factors others fully spelied company sec fiiings urge read filings invest rocket stock report represent information contained message states ail material facts omit material fact necessary make statements therein misleading ail information provided within email pertaining investing stocks securities must understood information provided investment advice rocket stock report advises al readers subscribers seek advice registered professional securities representative deciding trade stocks featured within email none materia within report shall construed kind investment advice soiicitation many companies verge bankruptcy ose al mone investing stock pubiisher rocket stock report registered investment advisor subscribers shouid view information herein ega tax accounting investment advice reference past performance companies speciaily selected referenced based favorable performance companies would need perfect timing achieve results examples given assurance happening remember aiways past performance never indicative future results thorough due diligence effort including review company fiiings compieted prior investing compliance securities act section b rocket stock report discioses receipt tweive thousand dollars third party gem inc officer director affiliate sharehoider circulation report gem inc position stoc k wi sel time without notice aware inherent conflict interest resuiting compensation due fact paid advertisement confiicted factual information report gathered pubiic sources including imited company websites sec fiiings company press releases rocket sto ck report beiieves information reiiabie make guarantee accuracy completeness use material within email constitutes acceptance terms
"Subject: re : greetings  carlos ,  vince kaminski , the head of our group is quite interested in meeting you and  discussing ways in which we might be able to help your students . i will be  out of the office until october 16 th . you can talk to vince before i get  back or wait to see both of us ; whatever you wish . should you want to  schedule a time to talk with vince , contact his assistant , shirley crenshaw ,  at 713 853 5290 .  i look forward to meeting you in person .  stinson gibner  p . s .  my address at enron is :  p . o . box 1188  houston , tx 77251 - 1188  the physical address is 1400 smith street .  carlos ordonez on 09 / 15 / 2000 03 : 29 : 28 pm  to : sgibner @ enron . com  cc :  subject : greetings  dear stinson ,  i enjoyed our conversation this morning . i would love to meet with your  people to discuss collaborations that will be of mutual benefit to me  and the students and postdocs and your company . i am available on mondays ,  wednesdays or fridays , at just about any time ( early mornings or afternoons  best ) . we ' ll probably need up to a couple of hours .  please send me your address to mail you some info .  best ,  carlos",0,greetings carlos vince kaminski head group quite interested meeting discussing ways might able help students office october th talk vince get back wait see us whatever wish want schedule time talk vince contact assistant shirley crenshaw look forward meeting person stinson gibner p address enron p box houston tx physical address smith street carlos ordonez pm sgibner enron com cc subject greetings dear stinson enjoyed conversation morning would love meet people discuss collaborations mutual benefit students postdocs company available mondays wednesdays fridays time early mornings afternoons best probably need couple hours please send address mail info best carlos
"Subject: re : interview schedule change for bruce james  sean ,  i think we should invite bruce for additional interviews . i think that he  does not have  the skills required in my unit , but he could contribute in other areas .  here is the list of potential interviewees :  john echols  ted murphy  mark ruane  vince  sean grady @ enron  07 / 26 / 2000 02 : 17 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , william s  bradford / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , david  port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron  cc : toni graham / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , rita  hennessy / na / enron @ enron , dorothy youngblood / hou / ect @ ect  subject : interview schedule change for bruce james  attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .  the interview will happen thursday july 27 , 2000 . please print all three  documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  sean grady  58701",0,interview schedule change bruce james sean think invite bruce additional interviews think skills required unit could contribute areas list potential interviewees john echols ted murphy mark ruane vince sean grady enron pm grant masson hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect william bradford hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect david port market risk corp enron enron cc toni graham corp enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect rita hennessy na enron enron dorothy youngblood hou ect ect subject interview schedule change bruce james attached please find interview packet referenced person interview happen thursday july please print three documents hard copies questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact sean grady
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  particia ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards particia
"Subject: re : fed ex from iris  molly ,  yes , march 1 would work .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 16 / 2001 03 : 36 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : fed ex from iris  just checking to be sure you ' re okay with a march 1 start date for iris ?  molly  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by molly magee / hou / ect on 01 / 16 / 2001 03 : 35  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : "" iris mack ""  01 / 16 / 2001 03 : 13 pm  to : molly . magee @ enron . com , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : fed ex from iris  hi ,  thanks for the fed ex with the offer letter , and other pertinent  information about enron .  i have signed the letter and returned it to you , along with a couple of  other forms . you should receive these documents via fed ex on tomorrow  morning .  because i have to tie up a few loose ends here in california , i won ' t  be able to start until march lst . i hope that is okay .  thanks so much .  regards ,  iris  get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com",0,fed ex iris molly yes march would work vince enron north america corp molly magee pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject fed ex iris checking sure okay march start date iris molly forwarded molly magee hou ect pm enron capital trade resources corp iris mack pm molly magee enron com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject fed ex iris hi thanks fed ex offer letter pertinent information enron signed letter returned along couple forms receive documents via fed ex tomorrow morning tie loose ends california able start march lst hope okay thanks much regards iris get free download msn explorer http explorer msn com
Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 pcl 4 f  order for : maureen raymond  1 x ( option : 128 mb upgrade for deskpro en 6600 $ 144 )  enron it purchasing,0,confirmation order automatic confirmation order placed using central request number ecth pcl f order maureen raymond x option mb upgrade deskpro en enron purchasing
"Subject: update on spring conference  hello everyone ,  i wanted to get a message out to each of you to update you on the february  23 conference plans . the conference promises to provide an exciting  opportunity to share the ideas of a diverse group of academic and industry  professionals on a topic that is dear to all our hearts , the future of  business education in the new economy . i will be sharing updates and  information with you over the weeks to come but thought it might be useful  to start before the holidays .  i am attaching the most recent "" description of the program of events "" which  remains somewhat fluid as we develop it . however , there are some new  developments that you will find interesting . first , i have arranged for  "" filming "" of the event by our local public tv station and we will be  working toward the development of the best product possible out of the  sessions . second , david palumbo ( human code - - an internet content  provider - http : / / www . humancode . com / index 2 . htm - now owned by sapient ) will  join us . david is very knowledgable about both educational issues ( he  served on the faculty of the university of houston for 10 years before  joining human code ) . he has some very interesting insights to offer on the  future of higher education having now worked from the industry side of the  equation ) . finally , i am currently reading a couple of books that you may  find interesting ( telecosm and the new barbarian manifesto ) . i ' m sure  there are many more interesting sources of information that you are each  aware of and it would be helpful if we all began sharing our notes .  finally , let me suggest that each of you begin thinking about the issue ( s )  that you feel most comfortable commenting upon and phrasing "" lead in ""  questions for me . i would like to build a list of such questions to  circulate among all so that we begin to get a feel for the range of topics  we will encounter in the discussion and begin to formulate our individual  opinions .  i hope that this note finds you all anticipating a wonderful holiday season  and thank you for participating in this inaugural "" think tank "" conference  on the future of business education .  sincerely yours ,  john  - revised workshop - planning . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,update spring conference hello everyone wanted get message update february conference plans conference promises provide exciting opportunity share ideas diverse group academic industry professionals topic dear hearts future business education new economy sharing updates information weeks come thought might useful start holidays attaching recent description program events remains somewhat fluid develop however new developments find interesting first arranged filming event local public tv station working toward development best product possible sessions second david palumbo human code internet content provider http www humancode com index htm owned sapient join us david knowledgable educational issues served faculty university houston years joining human code interesting insights offer future higher education worked industry side equation finally currently reading couple books may find interesting telecosm new barbarian manifesto sure many interesting sources information aware would helpful began sharing notes finally let suggest begin thinking issue feel comfortable commenting upon phrasing lead questions would like build list questions circulate among begin get feel range topics encounter discussion begin formulate individual opinions hope note finds anticipating wonderful holiday season thank participating inaugural think tank conference future business education sincerely john revised workshop planning doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : vacation  shirley ,  no problem .  vince  shirley crenshaw  03 / 07 / 2001 03 : 14 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  subject : vacation  vince :  if it is allright , i would like to take vacation , thursday and friday , march  15 th and 16 th ( next week ) .  thanks !  shirley",0,vacation shirley problem vince shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc anita dupont na enron enron kevin g moore hou ect ect subject vacation vince allright would like take vacation thursday friday march th th next week thanks shirley
"Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  online otherwise it wiil be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where peopie search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in multiple search engines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  beatrizbass _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,know get search engine results submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website online otherwise wiil invisibie virtuaiiy means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues oniy way make site visible places peopie search information e submit website multiple search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards beatrizbass interested
"Subject: take positi 0 ns before breaking news expiosion  the oi | and gas advisory  now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bul | market ,  our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining  undervalued energy plays has produced soaring returns .  emerson oi | and gas ( eogi ) is an energy developer in the us "" oi | belt ""  and in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating  potential of miilions per week .  breaking news ! ! !  emerson oil and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pieased to announce that the  alberta energy & utility board has issued license no . o 3302 o 6 for the  company ' s we | | 11 - 16 - 24 - 2 the acadia project .  the acadia project consists of 15 sections in aiberta in an area that  produces natura | gas from the viking formation , has oi | potential in the  bakken zone and gas potentia | in the coiony and second white specks  zones . the viking contains natura | gas in we | | s around the acadia project  and has the potentia | for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the leases .  gas welis in the area have calcuiated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day .  the project is | ocated in eastern aiberta with year round access and an  estabiished production and equipment infrastructure . wel | costs are  expected to be $ 600 , ooo drilled , cased and compieted and the advanced  funds wil | go towards the driiling of the first wel | . each well on a | ease  earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section .  emerson oil and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pleased to announce that the land  lease has been surveyed and acquired regarding the acadia project .  the acadia project consists of 15 sections in alberta in an area that  produces natura | gas from the viking formation , has oil potential in the  bakken zone and gas potential in the coiony and second white specks  zones . the viking contains natura | gas in welis around the acadia project  and has the potential for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the | eases .  gas welis in the area have calculated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day .  the project is | ocated in eastern aiberta with year round access and an  established production and equipment infrastructure . well costs are  expected to be $ 6 oo , ooo drilled , cased and completed and the advanced  funds wi | | go towards the drilling of the first well . each weil on a | ease  earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section .  symbol - eogi  price - . o 26  the vaiue of eogi ' s shares wiil skyrocket :  1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil  market in a generation .  2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years .  3 . with muitiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on  reserves worth muiti - mi | | ions , eogi is se | | ing for | ess than 1 / 4 the  value of its assets .  4 . emerson oil and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn  unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . already  shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overa | | market .  in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the  past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and  developers like emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in  the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple  returns .  our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervaiued  eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this sma | | company  with a comparably smail market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil  and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with  the daily jump in energy prices .  but all that wiil change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move  into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to  capture the attention of the market , and have an equaliy explosive effect on  the share price .  what wiil the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson  oil and gas ' shares ? we | | we do know this - the great thing about  investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in  the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or decline  siightiy , you wi | | stil | make a very heaithy return . of course , energy  prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year  or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings  wi | | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors will be  staggering .  overal | , we consider eogi to be one of the last outstanding energy  piays in the oi | and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized ,  eogi shares wiil surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have  identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oil and  gas reserves are well established and are going into massive  production . early investors wil | secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in  this area wil | really turn up the heat , causing us to revise our  targets upward in next week ' s bulletin .  oil and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain  statements contained in this newsletter may be future - | ooking statements within  the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 .  such terms as expect , believe , may , wiil , and intend or simiiar terms may  identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of  future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or sel | securities . oga is  an independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a  third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this  company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance  from a financia | expert . investors shouid use the information provided in  this newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona |  information on the profiied company to allow the investor to form their own  opinion regarding investment .  if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been  wrongfuily placed in our membership , please send a blank e mai | with no  thanks in the subject to daily _ 7 tip @ yahoo . com",1,take positi ns breaking news expiosion oi gas advisory oil gas entered long term bul market specialty pinpointing hottest companies remaining undervalued energy plays produced soaring returns emerson oi gas eogi energy developer us oi belt canada highiy coveted reservoirs generating potential miilions per week breaking news emerson oil gas inc eogi pieased announce alberta energy utility board issued license company acadia project acadia project consists sections aiberta area produces natura gas viking formation oi potential bakken zone gas potentia coiony second white specks zones viking contains natura gas around acadia project potentia bcf gas reservoir leases gas welis area calcuiated aof rates mmcf per day project ocated eastern aiberta year round access estabiished production equipment infrastructure wel costs expected ooo drilled cased compieted advanced funds wil go towards driiling first wel well ease earns emerson working interest one section emerson oil gas inc eogi pleased announce land lease surveyed acquired regarding acadia project acadia project consists sections alberta area produces natura gas viking formation oil potential bakken zone gas potential coiony second white specks zones viking contains natura gas welis around acadia project potential bcf gas reservoir eases gas welis area calculated aof rates mmcf per day project ocated eastern aiberta year round access established production equipment infrastructure well costs expected oo ooo drilled cased completed advanced funds wi go towards drilling first well weil ease earns emerson working interest one section symbol eogi price vaiue eogi shares wiil skyrocket price charts confirm oi prices experiencing strongest buil market generation natural gas prices tripled ast two years muitiple projects high gear expanding production reserves worth muiti mi ions eogi se ing ess value assets emerson oil gas specializes using new technoiogy turn unproductive oil gas deposits profitable enterprises already shares oi gas sector rising faster overa market fact four dow jones ten top performing industry sectors past year energy reiated mid sized expiorers developers like emerson eogi biggest gains made last months many stocks made tripie even quadruple returns subscribers need pay particuiariy ciose attention undervaiued eogi shares bargain ong sma company comparably smail market value sitting bonanza oil gas reserves unrecognized bonus investors especialiy daily jump energy prices wiil change short weeks reserves move production bringing expiosion cash expected capture attention market equaliy explosive effect share price wiil cash flow projects price emerson oil gas shares know great thing investing eogi gains depend increases price oil gas even energy prices stay flat decline siightiy wi stil make heaithy return course energy prices expected continue meteoric rise next year predicted meaning vaiue eogi assets earnings wi soar even higher case reward investors staggering overal consider eogi one last outstanding energy piays oi gas sector discovery reaiized eogi shares wiil surge sharpiy heavy investor attention identified discovery immediate accumuiation eogi oil gas reserves well established going massive production early investors wil secure optimum gains additiona news area wil really turn heat causing us revise targets upward next week bulletin oil gas advisory oga investment expert certain statements contained newsletter may future ooking statements within meaning private securities litigation reform act terms expect believe may wiil intend simiiar terms may identify statements past performance indicator future results expert acquire sel securities oga independent publication paid fifteen thousand dollars third party continuing coverage dissemination company information investors suggested seek proper guidance financia expert investors shouid use information provided newsietter starting point gathering additiona information profiied company allow investor form opinion regarding investment wish stop future maiiings feel wrongfuily placed membership please send blank e mai thanks subject daily tip yahoo com
"Subject: software should be easy to use !  fully functional , unrestricted copy of the software . get more results with less efforts .  it ' s better to be burnished with use than rusty with principle .  where reason fails , time oft has worked a cure .",1,software easy use fully functional unrestricted copy software get results less efforts better burnished use rusty principle reason fails time oft worked cure
Subject: wait too long and . . . 1147  secretly  attract women or men  add some spice to your life  secretlyattract  women or men  delete ,1,wait long secretly attract women men add spice life secretlyattract women men delete
"Subject: re : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation  mr . kaminski ,  thank you for responding . i ' m sorry you won ' t be able to attend , but very  much appreciate your willingness to reconsider your decision about  participating in pserc . we will certainly keep you informed about on - going  and new pserc activities that may be of interest to enron .  best regards ,  dennis ray  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 2 : 02 pm  to : djray @ engr . wisc . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation  dear mr . ray ,  i regret to inform you that due to very heavy workload we cannot attend  the power systems engineering research center ' s  upcoming industrial advisory board meeting in oak brook .  our work load does not leave us much time to get involved  with pserc at this moment . we would very much like to stay  in touch and plan to reconsider our decision in the second half of this  year .  vince kaminski  "" dennis ray "" on 03 / 27 / 2001 04 : 46 : 44 pm  to : "" vince kaminski ""  cc :  subject : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation  mr . kaminski ,  greetings . bob thomas , shmuel oren and i invite you to attend the power  systems engineering research center ' s upcoming industrial advisory board  meeting in oak brook , il . it will be held on may 31 - june 1 .  as you know from lance and alex , this is an opportunity to meet university  researchers and industrial members of pserc . the meeting also has  presentations on pserc activities and research projects , pserc business  discussions , current topic discussions , and a tutorial . our current topics  discussion will be on iso / rto issues , and will involve executives from  several isos in dialog with university researchers .  please let me know if you have any questions . we hope to see you there so  that we can talk about any questions you might have about pserc .  dennis ray , ph . d .  executive director  power systems engineering research center  608 - 265 - 3808  ( see attached file : directions . doc )  ( see attached file : iab _ meeting _ may 2001 . doc )  ( see attached file : iab _ registration _ form . doc )  ( see attached file : pserc members . doc )",0,pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation mr kaminski thank responding sorry able attend much appreciate willingness reconsider decision participating pserc certainly keep informed going new pserc activities may interest enron best regards dennis ray original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday april pm djray engr wisc edu cc vince j kaminski enron com subject pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation dear mr ray regret inform due heavy workload attend power systems engineering research center upcoming industrial advisory board meeting oak brook work load leave us much time get involved pserc moment would much like stay touch plan reconsider decision second half year vince kaminski dennis ray pm vince kaminski cc subject pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation mr kaminski greetings bob thomas shmuel oren invite attend power systems engineering research center upcoming industrial advisory board meeting oak brook il held may june know lance alex opportunity meet university researchers industrial members pserc meeting also presentations pserc activities research projects pserc business discussions current topic discussions tutorial current topics discussion iso rto issues involve executives several isos dialog university researchers please let know questions hope see talk questions might pserc dennis ray ph executive director power systems engineering research center see attached file directions doc see attached file iab meeting may doc see attached file iab registration form doc see attached file pserc members doc
"Subject: re : weather and energy price data  mulong ,  we shall send you natural gas henry hub prices right away .  please look at the last winter and the winter of  95 / 96 .  we shall prepare for you the electricity price  information ( cinergy , cobb and palo verde ) but  you have to approach ft ( the publishers of  megawatts daily , a newsletter that produces the price  index we recommend using ) and request the permision  to use the data . we are not allowed to distribute  this information .  please , explain that this is for academic research and that  we can produce the time series for you ,  conditional on the permission from the publishers  of megawatts daily .  vince kaminski  mulong wang on 04 / 15 / 2001 03 : 43 : 26 am  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc : richard macminn  subject : weather and energy price data  dear dr . kaminski :  i am a phd candidate under the supervision of drs . richard macminn and  patrick brockett . i am now working on my dissertation which is focused on  the weather derivatives and credit derivatives .  could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about  the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions ?  the past winter of 2000 was very cold nationwide , and there may be a  significant price jump for natural gas or electricity . could you  please offer me some energy price data during that time period ?  your kind assistance will be highly appreciated and have a great day !  mulong",0,weather energy price data mulong shall send natural gas henry hub prices right away please look last winter winter shall prepare electricity price information cinergy cobb palo verde approach ft publishers megawatts daily newsletter produces price index recommend using request permision use data allowed distribute information please explain academic research produce time series conditional permission publishers megawatts daily vince kaminski mulong wang vkamins ect enron com cc richard macminn subject weather energy price data dear dr kaminski phd candidate supervision drs richard macminn patrick brockett working dissertation focused weather derivatives credit derivatives could kindly please offer real weather data information price peak plummet weather conditions past winter cold nationwide may significant price jump natural gas electricity could please offer energy price data time period kind assistance highly appreciated great day mulong
"Subject: re : copper curve  ted ,  i agree . curve review has always been rac responsibility . please , let me know  if we can assist you in any way .  vince  from : ted murphy  10 / 29 / 2000 10 : 23 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : copper curve  tani ,  please touch base with lloyd fleming as to whom from rac should review the  methodology . i view that it is the commercial team ' s responsibility to post  the curve , operations responsibility to gather objective information on the  efficacy of the curve on a ( minimum ) monthly basis and report all highly  sensitive curves , rac will not approve or disapprove a curve but question  methodology / motivations and subsequent changes and do so in a senior  management forum ( i . e . , we will tell on those who have suspect curves or  curve movements ) . obviously , we are looking for the best estimate of the  value of those products in those time buckets today , we also favor object ,  consistent application of methodoology intra and inter commodity .  ted  vince j kaminski  10 / 27 / 2000 04 : 18 pm  to : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther  gerratt / lon / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : copper curve  tani ,  no problem . we shall look at the curve on monday . i have organized a small  team to examine  the curve from different perspectives .  curve validation is normally a rac prerogative and i shall get them involved  on monday  vince  tani nath  10 / 27 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : copper curve  following steve ' s note to you earlier today , i wanted to mention that we have  a fairly urgent need for review of the copper curve in particular , as there  is a deal due for final pricing in the next few days .  i am not sure what data you have received from enron metals in london , so i  am asking tim poullain - patterson to ensure that you have the curves and the  economic justification proposed as soon as possible . please direct any  questions to him or to harry tefoglou . i will be in the tokyo office next  week , but available via e - mail .  thanks in advance for your assistance ,  tani",0,copper curve ted agree curve review always rac responsibility please let know assist way vince ted murphy vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject copper curve tani please touch base lloyd fleming rac review methodology view commercial team responsibility post curve operations responsibility gather objective information efficacy curve minimum monthly basis report highly sensitive curves rac approve disapprove curve question methodology motivations subsequent changes senior management forum e tell suspect curves curve movements obviously looking best estimate value products time buckets today also favor object consistent application methodoology intra inter commodity ted vince j kaminski pm tani nath lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect tim poullain patterson lon ect ect harry tefoglou lon ect ect esther gerratt lon ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect subject copper curve tani problem shall look curve monday organized small team examine curve different perspectives curve validation normally rac prerogative shall get involved monday vince tani nath maureen raymond hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect tim poullain patterson harry tefoglou lon ect ect esther gerratt lon ect ect subject copper curve following steve note earlier today wanted mention fairly urgent need review copper curve particular deal due final pricing next days sure data received enron metals london asking tim poullain patterson ensure curves economic justification proposed soon possible please direct questions harry tefoglou tokyo office next week available via e mail thanks advance assistance tani
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want .  cialls has a iot of advantaqes over viagra  - the effect iasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country !  get it right now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactiy want cialls iot advantaqes viagra effect iasts hours ready start within minutes mix alcohoi ship country get right
"Subject: congratulations  vince ,  congratulations on your promotion to managing director . you certainly deserve  it .  zhiyong",0,congratulations vince congratulations promotion managing director certainly deserve zhiyong
"Subject: re : summer internship  martin  please , refer john directly to jinbaek kim and his academic advisor .  vince  from : martin lin on 03 / 23 / 2001 04 : 19 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : summer internship  as a followup , john gillespie has expressed interest in participating on the  panel mentioned below . to whom should i refer john or should somebody  contact him ? i just wanted to know what to tell john .  thanks ,  martin  vince j kaminski  03 / 23 / 2001 04 : 12 pm  to : martin lin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : summer internship  martin ,  thanks .  vince  from : martin lin on 03 / 22 / 2001 04 : 46 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : summer internship  i did not find anybody in ebs who seems to know or be involved in any  e - procurement issues . in enron corp , however , there is an initiative called  ibuyit . this is a system that corp is deploying for e - procurement through  corp and ena , and will get to ebs sometime late this year .  john gillespie is in charge of the ibuyit initiative . perhaps he is the  appropriate contact . i left a voice mail with him , but have not yet received  a response .  martin  vince j kaminski  03 / 22 / 2001 07 : 17 am  to : martin lin / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : summer internship  martin ,  please , take a look at question 3 .  who is the right person at ebs ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 22 / 2001  07 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jinbaek kim on 03 / 15 / 2001 01 : 12 : 32 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : summer internship  dr . kaminski ,  sorry for the late response ,  it took me some time to coordinate things .  finally , it ' s almost dont : - )  it turned out that from june to august  will be best for me for work at enron  ( say june . 4 to august . 4 )  but i still need to know several things from your side .  could you answer following questions ?  first :  is my suggested working period is ok with you ?  if so , let me know what to do for settlement  during the period .  second :  i got a list of work , i might be able to do for  dealbench team from ross and suresh .  i ' d like to know it is still a valid work list :  the list he sent is as following :  > 1 . write a paper in layman ' s terms that answers  > questions like the following :  > benefits of auctioning online for both buyers and  > sellers , particularly in reverse auctions  > explanation how multi - variable auctions are not  > as efficient as price - only auctions ( is this true ? )  > how many participants are recommended for a  > successful live auction  > what types of goods and services are best suited  > for live auctions versus sealed bid quotes  > opinions on lotting strategies  > trends in online private auctions  > 2 . identify appropriate recent auction research ( 3  > or 4 papers out of the 90 + you provided ) and obtain approvals from the  > authors to post on our site  > 3 . create a list / bibiliography of relevant auction  > literature ( with hyperlinks ? )  > 4 . would you be willing to offer auction consulting  > services to our customers ( if they are interested )  third :  there is an e - procurement forum at haas school of business ,  in may 22 . the chair of the forum is my advisor prof . arie segev .  a person from wells fargo bank will talk about wells fargo ' s role  in e - marketplace payment initiative ,  where enron broadband services is also one of key players  along with citibank .  he asked me whether you can contact a person at  enron broadband services , who ' s related to the initiative .  he wants to know whether we will have a speaker from enron  to see enron ' s perspective , in the forum .  here is a link to news related to the initiative ,  fourth :  my advisor wants to know whether  there could be any opportunity to do a case study ,  regarding enron ' s business .  he is interested in e - procurement and e - marketplaces .  business model and system architecture . . .  thanks for reading this long email .  i ' ll look forward to your answer . .  i am sorry for giving you so much burden  to answer those questions possibly not easy to answer .  warm regards ,  jinbaek  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' "" ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on mon , 5 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > jinbaek ,  >  > this is fine though you are welcome to spend more  > time with us this summer .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > jinbaek kim on 03 / 04 / 2001 03 : 45 : 40 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : summer internship  >  >  > dr . kaminski ,  >  > thanks for your answer .  > before i tell you the time frame ,  > i ' ll need to talk with my advisor , first .  > because here is an on - going - project .  > i need to coordinate the schedule .  >  > i ' ll appreciate it if you understand my situation ,  > and give me some time ( less than a week , of course ) .  >  > for your reference ,  > probably  > the dates i ' d like to ask you will be  > from mid - may to mid - july ( 2 months )  >  > warm regards ,  > jinbaek  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > jinbaek kim  > ph . d candidate  > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > u . c . berkeley  > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  >  > go bears !  >  > : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > ` . ' "" ' ;  > ` . ' ;  > ` . ` : ` ;  > . ` . ; ; : ;  > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  >  >  > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > >  > > jinbaek ,  > >  > > you can coordinate the details with me .  > > let me know what the time frame is for you  > > and we shall send you an appropriate offer .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm  > >  > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > cc :  > > subject : re : summer internship  > >  > >  > > dr . kaminski ,  > >  > > thank you very much .  > > of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity  > > to work at such a wonderful company .  > > i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team ,  > > and was going to express my appreciation to you again  > > after settling down process with them .  > >  > > for the period of working ,  > > i still need to coordinate with my advisor and  > > may need to adjust according to that .  > > but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly .  > >  > > please let me know whether i should keep contacting  > > with deal bench team ,  > > for working period and  > > for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc .  > >  > > i appreciate you so much again ,  > > for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity .  > > all this opportunity will not be available to me ,  > > without your kind help .  > >  > > warm regards ,  > > jinbaek  > >  > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > > jinbaek kim  > > ph . d candidate  > > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > > u . c . berkeley  > > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  > >  > > go bears !  > >  > > : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  > > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > > ` . ' "" ' ;  > > ` . ' ;  > > ` . ` : ` ;  > > . ` . ; ; : ;  > > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  > >  > >  > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > >  > > > hello ,  > > >  > > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  > > > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship .  > > >  > > > please , let me know if you are interested .  > > >  > > > vince kaminski  > > >  > > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,summer internship martin please refer john directly jinbaek kim academic advisor vince martin lin pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject summer internship followup john gillespie expressed interest participating panel mentioned refer john somebody contact wanted know tell john thanks martin vince j kaminski pm martin lin hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject summer internship martin thanks vince martin lin pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject summer internship find anybody ebs seems know involved e procurement issues enron corp however initiative called ibuyit system corp deploying e procurement corp ena get ebs sometime late year john gillespie charge ibuyit initiative perhaps appropriate contact left voice mail yet received response martin vince j kaminski martin lin hou ect ect cc subject summer internship martin please take look question right person ebs vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect jinbaek kim vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski sorry late response took time coordinate things finally almost dont turned june august best work enron say june august still need know several things side could answer following questions first suggested working period ok let know settlement period second got list work might able dealbench team ross suresh like know still valid work list list sent following write paper layman terms answers questions like following benefits auctioning online buyers sellers particularly reverse auctions explanation multi variable auctions efficient price auctions true many participants recommended successful live auction types goods services best suited live auctions versus sealed bid quotes opinions lotting strategies trends online private auctions identify appropriate recent auction research papers provided obtain approvals authors post site create list bibiliography relevant auction literature hyperlinks would willing offer auction consulting services customers interested third e procurement forum haas school business may chair forum advisor prof arie segev person wells fargo bank talk wells fargo role e marketplace payment initiative enron broadband services also one key players along citibank asked whether contact person enron broadband services related initiative wants know whether speaker enron see enron perspective forum link news related initiative fourth advisor wants know whether could opportunity case study regarding enron business interested e procurement e marketplaces business model system architecture thanks reading long email look forward answer sorry giving much burden answer questions possibly easy answer warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears mon mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote jinbaek fine though welcome spend time us summer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thanks answer tell time frame need talk advisor first going project need coordinate schedule appreciate understand situation give time less week course reference probably dates like ask mid may mid july months warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote jinbaek coordinate details let know time frame shall send appropriate offer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thank much course happy opportunity work wonderful company contacting surech raghavan deal bench team going express appreciation settling process period working still need coordinate advisor may need adjust according anyway try coordinate smoothly please let know whether keep contacting deal bench team working period misc living support finding place rent car etc appreciate much arranging meetings giving opportunity opportunity available without kind help warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote hello sorry delay getting back would like much offer summer internship please let know interested vince kaminski
"Subject: 2001 budget  i need your help . . . i did a quick comparison for the 2000 and 2001 budget  and i am showing a significant increase from last year . did we have an  increase in headcount ? i do not know your actual budget for 2000 . i used  the information for the last 5 months of 2000 budget to estimate for the year  ( see 2000 budget tab in the attached file ) . the attached file contains the  following tabs :  budget vs budget comparison of 2000 vs 2001  allocation allocation - please allocate the rest of the 21 . 7 % to ena  2000 budget estimated 2000 budget based on the last 5 months information  research 2001 budget  the calculation for taxes and benefits does not equal to the calculation in  your template ( corp ) . plus , i have to add a & a overhead cost that corp will  bill us for a & a program ( line 78 ) . can we meet to discuss the allocation to  ena and the increase in plan ? i am open all week except for wednesday  between 10 and 11 . thank you .",0,budget need help quick comparison budget showing significant increase last year increase headcount know actual budget used information last months budget estimate year see budget tab attached file attached file contains following tabs budget vs budget comparison vs allocation allocation please allocate rest ena budget estimated budget based last months information research budget calculation taxes benefits equal calculation template corp plus add overhead cost corp bill us program line meet discuss allocation ena increase plan open week except wednesday thank
"Subject: presentation - integrating market risk and credit risk  all ,  i will be giving a 40 min presentation on the above topic at the eprm energy  2000 conference in april . the bulletpoints are :  balancing market risk and credit risk to achieve a reliable estimation of  total risk  incorporating market risk into a credit risk model  calculating probability of default using credit risk and market risk  refining business practice to reflect credit risk and market risk evaluations  my proposed approach is to quickly step through the practical process of  modelling credit risk , resulting in measures for expected loss and  credit - var ; then show how default probs can be calculated using bond and  equity data . finally i ' ll describe how credit risk can be mitigated using  credit derivatives - plugging enroncredit . com of course .  any other ideas for broad topics and / or specific points to mention will be  appreciated . the presentation has to be submitted next week .  many thanks ,  ben",0,presentation integrating market risk credit risk giving min presentation topic eprm energy conference april bulletpoints balancing market risk credit risk achieve reliable estimation total risk incorporating market risk credit risk model calculating probability default using credit risk market risk refining business practice reflect credit risk market risk evaluations proposed approach quickly step practical process modelling credit risk resulting measures expected loss credit var show default probs calculated using bond equity data finally describe credit risk mitigated using credit derivatives plugging enroncredit com course ideas broad topics specific points mention appreciated presentation submitted next week many thanks ben
"Subject: friday brown bag for options pricing  hello everyone ,  today we have grant masson spreaking in our options pricing seminar series .  grant ' s topic is "" marginal value at risk "" . it will be held at 12 noon at  19 c 2 .  we thank you for your participation .  zimin lu  alex huang",0,friday brown bag options pricing hello everyone today grant masson spreaking options pricing seminar series grant topic marginal value risk held noon c thank participation zimin lu alex huang
"Subject: request for update  vince ,  hopefully you have had a chance to look at mr . valverde ' s resume . please  let me know if you have an interest in talking with him or not .  thank you .  johan  johan c . dahl  director energy staffing group  management recruiters of portland , inc .  phone : 503 - 290 - 1153  fax : 503 - 282 - 4380  e - mail : jdahl @ mrportland . com  web : http : / / www . mrportland . com",0,request update vince hopefully chance look mr valverde resume please let know interest talking thank johan johan c dahl director energy staffing group management recruiters portland inc phone fax e mail jdahl mrportland com web http www mrportland com
"Subject: re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001  vince :  fyi - wichai is joining on jan 8 th . osman will take care of him until my  return .  krishna .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  12 / 19 / 2000 03 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pinnamaneni krishnarao  12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 54 pm  to : osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees  cc :  subject : re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001  osman :  can you request the desk & computer for wichai ? dennis has knows about  wichai coming in january .  thanks ,  krishan .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pinnamaneni krishnarao  12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 52 pm  to : "" wichai narongwanich "" @ enron  cc :  subject : re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001  dear wichai :  good to hear from you and glad you will be here soon . i will be on vacation  in january . when i am gone you will report to osman sezgen who you have met  when you were here in houston . please get in touch with him when you come  here . his phone number is ( 713 ) 853 - 5485 . if you have any problems , contact  our assistant shirley crenshaw at ( 713 ) 853 - 5290 .  best wishes ,  krishna .  "" wichai narongwanich "" on 12 / 19 / 2000 01 : 51 : 40 pm  to :  cc :  subject : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001  dear dr . krishna ,  as mentioned during the interviewing process , i plan to start working under  your supervision on earlier january . i ' m now ready to start working with  your on jan 8 th , 2001 . i have been in contact with the human resource  department to set up the working permit and relocation . i have received the  optional practical training valid from jan 8 th , 2001 to jan 7 th , 2002 . i  will go down to houston to look for an apartment this weekend .  by the way , i heard from seksan , currently working under your supervision ,  that you will be on vacation soon and will come back to work again late  january . therefore , i would like to whether who should i report with on my  starting date ? or do you have any recommendation for me to prepare for the  new work ? please , advise .  best regards ,  wichai narongwanich  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : pinnamaneni . krishnarao @ enron . com  sent : tuesday , june 20 , 2000 1 : 21 pm  to : wichai @ engin . umich . edu  subject : re : resume for sr . specialist / manager - research position  dear mr . narongwanich :  you have an impressive background . what is your availability in terms  of timing ? we are looking for somebody to join our group fairly soon ( weeks  rather than months ) .  thank you ,  p . v . krishnarao  "" wichai narongwanich "" on 06 / 19 / 2000 09 : 17 : 35 am  to :  cc :  subject : resume for sr . specialist / manager - research position  dear mr . krishnarao ,  i received information about this job opportunity describe below by boo  lee ,  an alumni of financial engineering program here in the university of  michigan . the position is very interesting and relevant to my background  ( pursuing ph . d . operations research with real options interest , completed  mse financial engineering , mse industrial and operations engineering , have  been working on ms - excel with vba for 4 years ) i attach my resume in  ms - word  document in this mail . if you need further information , please don ' t  hesitate to contact me .  sincerely ,  wichai narongwanich  wichai narongwanich  ph . d . candidate , ioe dept .  research assistant , meam dept .  university of michigan  sr . specialist / manager - research  position description : fulltime position as a member of the research  group at  enron supporting commodity risk management activities in enron energy  services . the selected person will be working closely with the deal makers  and risk - managers to develop and support quantitative models for pricing  and risk management .  responsibilities : responsibilities include analyzing data and developing  models for valuing commodity ( or commodity - related ) contracts , options  embedded in or real options associated with long term energy management  contracts , forecasting customer loads , and managing risks associated with  energy contracts .  qualifications & skills :  masters / doctorate degree in a quantitative field ( mathematics , statistics ,  operations research , econometrics / finance ) with experience or course work  in  statistics , data analysis and mathematical modeling . must have excellent  computer skills and be able to function in a dynamic , unstructured  environment .  coursework in statistics / econometrics and basic finance preferred .  proficiency in excel including vba .  familiarity with access & visual basic .  knowledge of risk management or energy markets a plus .  place of work : houston  contact : email resumes to pkrishn @ enron . com ( p . v . krishnarao )  ( see attached file : resume . doc )",0,starting date jan th vince fyi wichai joining jan th osman take care return krishna forwarded pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect pm pinnamaneni krishnarao pm osman sezgen hou ees ees cc subject starting date jan th osman request desk computer wichai dennis knows wichai coming january thanks krishan forwarded pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect pm pinnamaneni krishnarao pm wichai narongwanich enron cc subject starting date jan th dear wichai good hear glad soon vacation january gone report osman sezgen met houston please get touch come phone number problems contact assistant shirley crenshaw best wishes krishna wichai narongwanich pm cc subject starting date jan th dear dr krishna mentioned interviewing process plan start working supervision earlier january ready start working jan th contact human resource department set working permit relocation received optional practical training valid jan th jan th go houston look apartment weekend way heard seksan currently working supervision vacation soon come back work late january therefore would like whether report starting date recommendation prepare new work please advise best regards wichai narongwanich original message pinnamaneni krishnarao enron com sent tuesday june pm wichai engin umich edu subject resume sr specialist manager research position dear mr narongwanich impressive background availability terms timing looking somebody join group fairly soon weeks rather months thank p v krishnarao wichai narongwanich cc subject resume sr specialist manager research position dear mr krishnarao received information job opportunity describe boo lee alumni financial engineering program university michigan position interesting relevant background pursuing ph operations research real options interest completed mse financial engineering mse industrial operations engineering working ms excel vba years attach resume ms word document mail need information please hesitate contact sincerely wichai narongwanich wichai narongwanich ph candidate ioe dept research assistant meam dept university michigan sr specialist manager research position description fulltime position member research group enron supporting commodity risk management activities enron energy services selected person working closely deal makers risk managers develop support quantitative models pricing risk management responsibilities responsibilities include analyzing data developing models valuing commodity commodity related contracts options embedded real options associated long term energy management contracts forecasting customer loads managing risks associated energy contracts qualifications skills masters doctorate degree quantitative field mathematics statistics operations research econometrics finance experience course work statistics data analysis mathematical modeling must excellent computer skills able function dynamic unstructured environment coursework statistics econometrics basic finance preferred proficiency excel including vba familiarity access visual basic knowledge risk management energy markets plus place work houston contact email resumes pkrishn enron com p v krishnarao see attached file resume doc
"Subject: increase the volume of your ejaculation .  heya !  has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ?  have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ?  spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement  formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % .  our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results  in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee .  imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum  compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and  with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose !  look here : http : / / chorally . com / cum /  no thanks : http : / / chorally . com / rr . php",1,increase volume ejaculation heya cum ever dribbled wish shot ever wanted impress girl huge cumshot spur site offer natural male enhancement formula proven increase sperm volume highly potent volume enhancing formula give results days comes impressive guarantee imagine difference look feel dribbling cum compared shooting burst burst try spur money back guarantee absolutely nothing lose look http chorally com cum thanks http chorally com rr php
"Subject: re : a quant  i did . . . trying to get him in next week so that vasant can see him as well .  thanks  vince j kaminski  24 / 01 / 2001 22 : 24  to : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : a quant  bryan ,  did you have a chance to take a look at the resume i sent you ?  he looked like a great guy for your group .  vince",0,quant trying get next week vasant see well thanks vince j kaminski bryan seyfried lon ect ect cc subject quant bryan chance take look resume sent looked like great guy group vince
"Subject: natural gas storage research  i am working on a report aimed at energy marketers that will examine  natural gas storage : effects on energy trading . i am looking for people  who can talk about the importance of this subject to power marketers .  please contact me if you can inform me on any of the following subjects .  i am interested in exploring the following issues :  1 . storage process : transportation , injection , withdrawal  2 . are all storage facilities connected to pipelines ?  3 . description of types of storage facilities : salt caverns ,  above - ground tanks , inactive underground volcano , others  4 . problems that limit underground reservoir effectiveness  5 . historical storage data  6 . contributing factors to storage levels : weather , generation demand ,  reliability concerns  7 . national map of storage facilities and capacities  8 . terms definitions : base gas , working gas , underground storage ,  traditional storage , salt caverns , other relevant terms  9 . impact of storage fluctuations on prices and energy trading  10 . safety issues of natural gas storage  11 . seasonal storage trends  12 . total amount of national storage capacity  13 . future storage capacity needs  14 . lng as storage alternative  15 . technology improvements  16 . who regulated natural gas storage ?  17 . list of storage facility owners  if you are involved with natural gas storage , or are an energy trader  who is affected by natural gas storage , please contact me by november  13 th . thank you in advance for your help !  barbara drazga  independent journalist  denver , colo .  tel : 303 - 369 - 3533  fax : 303 - 369 - 3510  energywriter @ aol . com",0,natural gas storage research working report aimed energy marketers examine natural gas storage effects energy trading looking people talk importance subject power marketers please contact inform following subjects interested exploring following issues storage process transportation injection withdrawal storage facilities connected pipelines description types storage facilities salt caverns ground tanks inactive underground volcano others problems limit underground reservoir effectiveness historical storage data contributing factors storage levels weather generation demand reliability concerns national map storage facilities capacities terms definitions base gas working gas underground storage traditional storage salt caverns relevant terms impact storage fluctuations prices energy trading safety issues natural gas storage seasonal storage trends total amount national storage capacity future storage capacity needs lng storage alternative technology improvements regulated natural gas storage list storage facility owners involved natural gas storage energy trader affected natural gas storage please contact november th thank advance help barbara drazga independent journalist denver colo tel fax energywriter aol com
"Subject: teach and grow rich  do you want to teach and grow rich ?  if you are a motivated and qualified communicator , i will personally train you to do 3 20 minutes presentations per day to qualify prospects that i can provide to you . we will demonstrate to you that you can make $ 400 a day part time using this system . or , if you have 20 hours per week , as in my case , you can make in excess of $ 10 , 000 per week , as i am currently generating ( verifiable , by the way ) .  plus i will introduce you to my mentor who makes well in excess of $ 1 , 000 , 000 annually .  many are called , few are chosen . this opportunity will be limited to one qualified individual per state . make the call and call the 24 hour pre - recorded message number below . we will take as much or as little time as you need to see if this program is right for you .  * * * 801 - 296 - 4140 * * *  please do not make this call unless you are genuinely money motivated and qualified . i need people who already have people skills in place and have either made large amounts of money in the past or are ready to generate large amounts of money in the future . looking forward to your call .  * * * 801 - 296 - 4140 * * *  * to be taken out of this database :  benno 5 @ witty . com ",1,teach grow rich want teach grow rich motivated qualified communicator personally train minutes presentations per day qualify prospects provide demonstrate make day part time using system hours per week case make excess per week currently generating verifiable way plus introduce mentor makes well excess annually many called chosen opportunity limited one qualified individual per state make call call hour pre recorded message number take much little time need see program right please make call unless genuinely money motivated qualified need people already people skills place either made large amounts money past ready generate large amounts money future looking forward call taken database benno witty com
"Subject: re : nikkei and pko  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by leann walton / na / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 10 : 48  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : darren delage @ enron on 10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 30 pm ze 9  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : nikkei and pko  this information has been most useful ! thank you maureen and please keep me  informed of any changes in pko policy , as we are right at levels were  everyone is watching for intervention .",0,nikkei pko forwarded leann walton na enron darren delage enron pm ze maureen raymond hou ect ect cc subject nikkei pko information useful thank maureen please keep informed changes pko policy right levels everyone watching intervention
"Subject: public affairs organizational announcement  i am pleased to announce the following changes in the government and  regulatory affairs organization :  rick shapiro  ) managing director of government affairs for the americas .  rick is currently leading the government and regulatory affairs teams for the  us and canada . he will now assume responsibility for north and south  america . ricardo charvel ( senior director of government affairs for  mexico ) , jose bestard ( vice president of government affairs for south  america ) , and joe hillings ( vice president of federal government affairs )  will now report to rick . rick and his team will support enron  , s north  american business units as well as the caribbean and southern cone regions .  mark schroeder  ) vice president government affairs for europe , asia and  africa . mark is currently leading the government and regulatory affairs  teams for enron europe . he will now assume the additional responsibility of  supporting the apachi and india organizations . jane wilson will now focus  her attention on enron india and will report to mark as will our government  and regulatory affairs teams serving the apachi region .  mike terraso  ) vice president environment , health & safety and chief  environmental officer . mike is currently serving as vice president of  environment , health and safety for the gas pipeline group . mike has  increasingly become involved in environmental issues facing enron  , s  businesses around the world . mike will retain his current responsibilities  and will assume leadership of the environmental affairs team .  john hardy  ) vice president global project finance . john will report  directly to me and will continue his current responsibilities representing  enron before us and multilateral project finance agencies .  please join in me in congratulating these individuals on their  responsibilities .  attached is a revised organization chart reflecting these changes .  attachment :",0,public affairs organizational announcement pleased announce following changes government regulatory affairs organization rick shapiro managing director government affairs americas rick currently leading government regulatory affairs teams us canada assume responsibility north south america ricardo charvel senior director government affairs mexico jose bestard vice president government affairs south america joe hillings vice president federal government affairs report rick rick team support enron north american business units well caribbean southern cone regions mark schroeder vice president government affairs europe asia africa mark currently leading government regulatory affairs teams enron europe assume additional responsibility supporting apachi india organizations jane wilson focus attention enron india report mark government regulatory affairs teams serving apachi region mike terraso vice president environment health safety chief environmental officer mike currently serving vice president environment health safety gas pipeline group mike increasingly become involved environmental issues facing enron businesses around world mike retain current responsibilities assume leadership environmental affairs team john hardy vice president global project finance john report directly continue current responsibilities representing enron us multilateral project finance agencies please join congratulating individuals responsibilities attached revised organization chart reflecting changes attachment
"Subject: porn p . o . : your 10 free pictures are here !  nakedmail is now porn p . o . !  below is the latest installment of free adult images from porn p . o . - brand new free pictures !  click this link to see the images : http : / / 65 . 59 . 170 . 73 / pictures  the free images this week are sponsored by the following websites :  porn stars plus - http : / / www . pornstarsplus . com / pt = pmb 8834  voted best pornstar site 3 years running .  xxx video plex - http : / / www . xxxvideoplex . com / pt = pmb 8834 /  over 1 million video streams and more .  toon megaplex - http : / / www . toonmegaplex . com / pt = pmb 8834  massive facials and sexy hardcore toon action .  past 40 - http : / / www . past 40 . com / pt = pmb 8834  because older ladies really know how to fuck .  lezbonet - http : / / www . lezbo . net / pt = pmb 8834  pussy lickin ' good ! 225 , 000 video streams included .  internet eraser - http : / / www . nakedmail . com / pictures / banners / eraser . html  your internet usage is being tracked ! download internet erase to protect your privacy .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  also sponsored this week by http : / / www . dvdxxxvideo . com  featuring mr . 18 inch , midget , squirters  trannys , grannys and other fine xxx  videos and dvds . even east indian movies !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  thanks for subscribing to porn p . o . ( nakedmail ) . if you ever want to unsubscribe , click the link below and you will be removed within 48 hours . if the link is temporarily unavailable , reply to this email with the word "" unsubscribe "" in the subject line .  to be unsubscribed from the porn p . o . mailing list simply click on the link below ",1,porn p free pictures nakedmail porn p latest installment free adult images porn p brand new free pictures click link see images http pictures free images week sponsored following websites porn stars plus http www pornstarsplus com pt pmb voted best pornstar site years running xxx video plex http www xxxvideoplex com pt pmb million video streams toon megaplex http www toonmegaplex com pt pmb massive facials sexy hardcore toon action past http www past com pt pmb older ladies really know fuck lezbonet http www lezbo net pt pmb pussy lickin good video streams included internet eraser http www nakedmail com pictures banners eraser html internet usage tracked download internet erase protect privacy also sponsored week http www dvdxxxvideo com featuring mr inch midget squirters trannys grannys fine xxx videos dvds even east indian movies thanks subscribing porn p nakedmail ever want unsubscribe click link removed within hours link temporarily unavailable reply email word unsubscribe subject line unsubscribed porn p mailing list simply click link
"Subject: stinson gibner & hector campos  ken lay gave a high profile presentation on the current natural gas supply  and price situation at a recent conference held by the interstate oil and gas  compact commission , and some of the best graphs came from work that stinson  and hector did ( see the attached , slides # 11 , # 12 , # 14 , & # 15 ) .  i really appreciate their research and hope to be able to use their talents  again for presentations for the office of the chairman . .  - rob  robert l . bradley jr .  director , public policy analysis  enron corp .  p . o box 1188 , room 4724 a  [ 1400 smith street 77002 ]  houston , texas 77251 - 1188  ( p ) 713 - 853 - 3062  ( f ) 713 - 646 - 4702  assistant : joan stransky 713 - 853 - 4702  jstrans @ enron . com",0,stinson gibner hector campos ken lay gave high profile presentation current natural gas supply price situation recent conference held interstate oil gas compact commission best graphs came work stinson hector see attached slides really appreciate research hope able use talents presentations office chairman rob robert l bradley jr director public policy analysis enron corp p box room smith street houston texas p f assistant joan stransky jstrans enron com
Subject: do you want a rolex for $ 75 - $ 275 ?  replica watches  http : / / dragon . valentlne . com / repli / lib /  freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better .  it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live .  the only thing sadder than a battle won is a battle lost .  assassination is the extreme form of censorship .,1,want rolex replica watches http dragon valentlne com repli lib freedom nothing else chance better dwell dreams forget live thing sadder battle battle lost assassination extreme form censorship
"Subject: 300 million business charset = windows - 1252 "" >  sick and tired of  email directories that don ' t deliver what they promise ?  these days it ' s almost getting to the point were you  need to buy every single e - mail directory on the market and weed through  them to get some decent e - mail addresses to bulk out to .  well the buck stops here ! we ' ve bought almost every  good directory on the market , cleaned it up and compiled all 300 million  records on 3 cds for you !  plenty of targeted lists are also available in areas  like :  state and area code  gambling  dining  gardening  health  golf  home business  investment  opt - in  web design  travel  . . . and many more !  check out this amazing new collection today ! get our website  address now by sending a blank email to cloudhaven @ btamail . net . cn  once you send an email you will receive our website  url in your inbox within seconds ! ",1,million business charset windows sick tired email directories deliver promise days almost getting point need buy every single e mail directory market weed get decent e mail addresses bulk well buck stops bought almost every good directory market cleaned compiled million records cds plenty targeted lists also available areas like state area code gambling dining gardening health golf home business investment opt web design travel many check amazing new collection today get website address sending blank email cloudhaven btamail net cn send email receive website url inbox within seconds
"Subject: vince kaminski  good morning mr . bandini :  i am dr . kaminski ' s assistant and he has asked me to forward a copy of  his "" bio "" and the following information to you .  dr . kaminski ' s email address : vkamins @ enron . com  telephone number : 713 / 853 - 3848  thank you for your interest .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : scrensh @ enron . com",0,vince kaminski good morning mr bandini dr kaminski assistant asked forward copy bio following information dr kaminski email address vkamins enron com telephone number thank interest sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research email scrensh enron com
"Subject: re : the next newsletter  dear vince ,  thank you ! i feel much better now .  sam  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 15 / 2000 07 : 31 am  to : william smith / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : the next newsletter  sam ,  good thinking . i shall also write an article over the weekend so we shall  have one in reserve .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : william smith @ enron 11 / 15 / 2000 07 : 17 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron  subject : the next newsletter  good morning , vince !  as i will be on vacation ( tomorrow until monday the 27 th ) , i ' m enlisting  elena chilkina ' s help in producing this monday ' s ( 20 nov . ) newsletter .  here ' s how i hope it will work :  i ' ve asked alex huang to try to get his article to you by friday for your  review .  i ' m attempting to get with sharad today to get his photo and remind him about  the bio piece for page one . he should be the feature for monday .  i will also schedule a person and an article ( probably from charlie weldon )  for the 27 th . if alex ' s article is a two - parter , we ' ll just do part 2 that  day instead .  for all submissions for this coming monday ' s issue , i would ask that they be  e - mailed to elena chilkina  if you notice something i may have missed , would you please let me know ?  thank you !  sam",0,next newsletter dear vince thank feel much better sam vince j kaminski ect william smith corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject next newsletter sam good thinking shall also write article weekend shall one reserve vince enron north america corp william smith enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc elena chilkina corp enron enron subject next newsletter good morning vince vacation tomorrow monday th enlisting elena chilkina help producing monday nov newsletter hope work asked alex huang try get article friday review attempting get sharad today get photo remind bio piece page one feature monday also schedule person article probably charlie weldon th alex article two parter part day instead submissions coming monday issue would ask e mailed elena chilkina notice something may missed would please let know thank sam
"Subject: performance  good morning everyone .  please let me know which date you would prefer . december 4 or december 8 th .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  07 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  norma villarreal  10 / 28 / 2000 10 : 47 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect ,  osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona perkins / corp / enron @ enron  subject : performance  the research group will be conducting a performance review committee ( prc )  meeting in early december . all vice presidents , sr . directors and directors  should attend . shirley crenshaw will be contacting you to schedule the prc  meeting date and time . these are the current available dates :  december 4 , 8 .  in preparation for the meeting please submit recommended rankings and  promotions to me based on employee feedback by november 29 , 2000 . please  included analyst / associates ,  if you have any questions please feel free to call me or ramona perkins at  x 58165 .  here is some helpful information for you as we proceed throughout he  performance evaluation process  october 25 , 2000 - november 17 , 2000 ( 3 1 / 2 weeks ) :  employees will provide a list of accomplishments occurring after june 1 , 2000  to their supervisors  employees will receive an email advising of access and passwords to pep  system ( 10 / 25 )  employees identify selected reviewers on line and will submit to supervisor  supervisor will add and / or delete reviewers in order to capture a full 360  degree feedback  supervisor will submit and reviewers will receive an e : mail advising them of  their reviewer role  reviewers can decline or complete the review  once system closes on november 17 , 2000 ,  prepare for research prc meeting ( print consolidate review , pre rank  employees , identify candidates for promotion and submit to hr )  important dates ( i will notify you of any changes ) :  september 30 , 2000 only employees before 10 / 1 / 00 will be included for pep and  bonuses  october 15 , 2000 whomever is the supervisor for employees on 10 / 15 / 00 will be  responsible for their reviews  october 25 , 2000 pep system opens ( http : / pep . corp . enron . com )  october 30 - 31 , 2000 pep overview session at doubletree  november 17 , 2000 pep system closes for feedback  november 23 - 24 thanksgiving holiday  november 29 , 2000 provide hr with pre - rankings and promotions  december tbd , 2000 research prc  january 31 , 2001 all reviews must be complete , signed and submitted to hr  norma  sr . hr representative  x 31545",0,performance good morning everyone please let know date would prefer december december th thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect norma villarreal shirley crenshaw hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect osman sezgen hou ees ees cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect ramona perkins corp enron enron subject performance research group conducting performance review committee prc meeting early december vice presidents sr directors directors attend shirley crenshaw contacting schedule prc meeting date time current available dates december preparation meeting please submit recommended rankings promotions based employee feedback november please included analyst associates questions please feel free call ramona perkins x helpful information proceed throughout performance evaluation process october november weeks employees provide list accomplishments occurring june supervisors employees receive email advising access passwords pep system employees identify selected reviewers line submit supervisor supervisor add delete reviewers order capture full degree feedback supervisor submit reviewers receive e mail advising reviewer role reviewers decline complete review system closes november prepare research prc meeting print consolidate review pre rank employees identify candidates promotion submit hr important dates notify changes september employees included pep bonuses october whomever supervisor employees responsible reviews october pep system opens http pep corp enron com october pep overview session doubletree november pep system closes feedback november thanksgiving holiday november provide hr pre rankings promotions december tbd research prc january reviews must complete signed submitted hr norma sr hr representative x
"Subject: organizational announcement  to help accomplish our business goals , the following management appointments  are effective immediately :  tod lindholm , previously managing director - chief accounting officer for  ebs , will move to corporate as managing director and assume responsibility  for business risk management , it compliance as well as working on a number of  special assignments for rick causey , executive vice president - chief  accounting officer for enron corp .  john echols , currently managing director - risk systems development for ebs  will assume responsibility for accounting and administration for ebs as well  as his current responsibilities and will report to the office of the chairman  for ebs .  everett plante , currently vice president - chief information officer for ebs  will now report directly to the office of the chairman for ebs .",0,organizational announcement help accomplish business goals following management appointments effective immediately tod lindholm previously managing director chief accounting officer ebs move corporate managing director assume responsibility business risk management compliance well working number special assignments rick causey executive vice president chief accounting officer enron corp john echols currently managing director risk systems development ebs assume responsibility accounting administration ebs well current responsibilities report office chairman ebs everett plante currently vice president chief information officer ebs report directly office chairman ebs
"Subject: re : option p & l  brad ,  i was extreamly busy yesterday . sorry for answing your question till now .  although i am not exactly sure how the system handle gamma , this is what i  think the system is doing :  curve shift = today ' s price - yesterady ' s price  p / l due to curve shift = today ' s market value using today ' s price curve ( with  everything esle the same as yesterday ' s ) - yesterday ' s market value using  yesterday ' s price curve .  so p / l due to curve shift contains both delta and gamma and higher order  terms .  we then use theoretical gamma ( meaning option model gamma : 0 . 5 * gamma * ( price  change ) 2 ) for gamma contribution and ? define delta = curve shift - theoretical gamma . ? ? therefore , the gamma may not be very accurate to explain the delta change , ? especially when you have big price change due to higher order contribution . ? ? let me know your thoughts on this . ? ? ? best wishes , ? ? zimin ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? brad horn 10 / 12 / 2000 07 : 11 am ? ? to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect ? cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect , robert ? shiring / hou / ect @ ect , jay knoblauh / hou / ect @ ect ? subject : option p & l ? ? gentleman : ? the erms system , as you know , has an excellent capability for ? decomposing option p & l into the following components : ? ? new deals ? curve shift ? gamma ? vega ? theta ? rho ? drift ? 2 nd order adjustments ? ? what i dont understand is the gamma component which is reported in dollars . ? the unit of measure suggests that incremental changes in a contract position ? is being associated with specific prices . these prices are the effective buy ? or sell prices associated with the dynamic delta position . ? ? stated differently , the standard taylor expansion has incorporated a price ? variable in such a way as to convert the unit of measure from gamma ' s ? standard contract count to total gamma dolalrs . this is something i dont ? understand . to date , inquiries to the risk management accounting group has ? further revealed that the gamma component of p & l is not well understood . ? ? this is what concerns me : bridgeline has 2 books with option exposures ( nymex ? and gas daily ) . both books dynamically hedged its positions during ? yesterdays large price move and , through anticipitory hedging in advance or ? during the large price move , secured sufficient coverage to neutralize ? expected changes in delta . however , our p & l from our underlying position did ? not offset our gamma p & l . consequently , i have to ask why ? im hoping that a ? brief look at the why gamma dollars are calculated may reveal something which ? will better guide our hedging decisions . ? ? any help is appreciated ? ?",0,option p l brad extreamly busy yesterday sorry answing question till although exactly sure system handle gamma think system curve shift today price yesterady price p l due curve shift today market value using today price curve everything esle yesterday yesterday market value using yesterday price curve p l due curve shift contains delta gamma higher order terms use theoretical gamma meaning option model gamma gamma price change gamma contribution define delta curve shift theoretical gamma therefore gamma may accurate explain delta change especially big price change due higher order contribution let know thoughts best wishes zimin brad horn zimin lu hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect vladimir gorny hou ect ect robert shiring hou ect ect jay knoblauh hou ect ect subject option p l gentleman erms system know excellent capability decomposing option p l following components new deals curve shift gamma vega theta rho drift nd order adjustments dont understand gamma component reported dollars unit measure suggests incremental changes contract position associated specific prices prices effective buy sell prices associated dynamic delta position stated differently standard taylor expansion incorporated price variable way convert unit measure gamma standard contract count total gamma dolalrs something dont understand date inquiries risk management accounting group revealed gamma component p l well understood concerns bridgeline books option exposures nymex gas daily books dynamically hedged positions yesterdays large price move anticipitory hedging advance large price move secured sufficient coverage neutralize expected changes delta however p l underlying position offset gamma p l consequently ask im hoping brief look gamma dollars calculated may reveal something better guide hedging decisions help appreciated
"Subject: off duty days  good morning all :  most of you do this , but just in case , please advise me of any off duty  days , i . e . vacation , sick , personal , jury duty , etc . as soon as possible ,  either before or as soon as you take them .  also , i am making new wallet info cards and if you have not sent me  your home telephone number , or if you have a new one , please let  me know as soon as possible .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley",0,duty days good morning case please advise duty days e vacation sick personal jury duty etc soon possible either soon take also making new wallet info cards sent home telephone number new one please let know soon possible thanks great day shirley
"Subject: re : jaesoo lew  vince , we should start working on the offer for jaesoo , should we ?  tanya .  jlew @ kent . edu > on 11 / 01 / 2000 09 : 59 : 25 am  to : tanya . tamarchenko @ enron . com  cc : jlew @ kent . edu  subject : thanks  dear tanya ,  thank you very much for the offer .  basically , i can start at anytime if the condition is acceptable .  currently i ' m in the middle of a decision that i can extend my internship or  accept a job offer at here . but i think that decision should be done soon  since my original internship expires this week . so the exact time to start  work at enron depends on how quickly i can get your official offer including  employment condition .  i hope this will help to your question . if you have any question on me , please  feel free to contact me .  again , i appreciate your decision .  sincerely ,  jaesoo lew",0,jaesoo lew vince start working offer jaesoo tanya jlew kent edu tanya tamarchenko enron com cc jlew kent edu subject thanks dear tanya thank much offer basically start anytime condition acceptable currently middle decision extend internship accept job offer think decision done soon since original internship expires week exact time start work enron depends quickly get official offer including employment condition hope help question question please feel free contact appreciate decision sincerely jaesoo lew
"Subject: organizational announcement  fyi .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by osman sezgen / hou / ees on 04 / 23 / 2001 02 : 29  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron energy services  from : ees distribution 04 / 23 / 2001 01 : 29 pm  sent by : kay chapman  to : all ees  cc :  subject : organizational announcement  consistent with the floor talks of a couple weeks ago , we are following up  with an e - mail describing the latest changes in our risk and back - office  functions that are now complete . ees  , s risk management and the vast majority  of ees  , s risk controls and operations group will become a new group in enron  wholesale services . this group  , s sole function will be to provide pricing ,  structuring , commodity risk management , logistics and back - office services  for ees . both don black and wanda curry will report to the ews office of the  chairman .  this change was driven by the explosive growth of ees and the resulting need  to tap the systems , resources and risk expertise of the wholesale groups in  order to continue to grow and take advantage of current market  opportunities . this change will allow us to more quickly capture the  benefits of scale , process , and technology in risk , logistics and back - office  functions from the larger enron capability . as discussed at the all employee  meeting in march , these are important objectives , and this change allows us  to reach those goals more quickly .  specifically , the following groups within the former ees risk management  group , will become a part of this new group reporting to don black :  - the gas , power and tariff desks ,  - the options desk ,  - the site profiles and consumption desks , and  - the matrix products / secondary products desks .  the dsm group and iam , along with its execution capability , will remain in  ees and report to the ees office of the chairman . we are pleased to announce  that ozzie pagan has agreed to lead this function . ozzie is an established  commercial dealmaker in ena . he has experience in power trading , origination  and plant development . in addition , the services group , which will provide  billing , information and other retail services , led by evan hughes , will  remain in ees and report to the ees ooc . all support functions , within the  former ees risk controls and operations group , that currently support the dsm  and the services groups , will remain in ees . the remaining parts of the risk  controls and operations group will become part of ews reporting to wanda  curry . as part of this change , we are pleased to add evan hughes and ozzie  pagan to the ees operating committee .  in addition , the structuring group , led by sean holmes , will be re - named deal  management . the vision for this group remains the same as that discussed at  the all employee meeting ; however , it will also facilitate and ensure  productive transaction interaction between ees and ews .  we have asked , marty sunde , as part of his vice chairman role , to resource  and lead a formal restructuring group to enhance or protect value in several  key transactions in our portfolio primarily in california .  the newly created it function , led by anthony dayao , will continue to report  into the ees ooc but will support both ees and ews it requirements .  other than these changes , the organizational structure , vision and objectives  detailed out for ees at the all - employee meeting in march remain . we need to  continue to understand and drive deeper into our markets , manage our client  relationships , mine our portfolio , build new products and execute on our  opportunities .  thanks for all your hard work . with your help we will become the worlds  leading energy retailer and enron  , s leading division . if you have any  questions please do not hesitate to ask",0,organizational announcement fyi forwarded osman sezgen hou ees pm enron energy services ees distribution pm sent kay chapman ees cc subject organizational announcement consistent floor talks couple weeks ago following e mail describing latest changes risk back office functions complete ees risk management vast majority ees risk controls operations group become new group enron wholesale services group sole function provide pricing structuring commodity risk management logistics back office services ees black wanda curry report ews office chairman change driven explosive growth ees resulting need tap systems resources risk expertise wholesale groups order continue grow take advantage current market opportunities change allow us quickly capture benefits scale process technology risk logistics back office functions larger enron capability discussed employee meeting march important objectives change allows us reach goals quickly specifically following groups within former ees risk management group become part new group reporting black gas power tariff desks options desk site profiles consumption desks matrix products secondary products desks dsm group iam along execution capability remain ees report ees office chairman pleased announce ozzie pagan agreed lead function ozzie established commercial dealmaker ena experience power trading origination plant development addition services group provide billing information retail services led evan hughes remain ees report ees ooc support functions within former ees risk controls operations group currently support dsm services groups remain ees remaining parts risk controls operations group become part ews reporting wanda curry part change pleased add evan hughes ozzie pagan ees operating committee addition structuring group led sean holmes named deal management vision group remains discussed employee meeting however also facilitate ensure productive transaction interaction ees ews asked marty sunde part vice chairman role resource lead formal restructuring group enhance protect value several key transactions portfolio primarily california newly created function led anthony dayao continue report ees ooc support ees ews requirements changes organizational structure vision objectives detailed ees employee meeting march remain need continue understand drive deeper markets manage client relationships mine portfolio build new products execute opportunities thanks hard work help become worlds leading energy retailer enron leading division questions please hesitate ask
"Subject: re : natural gas storage item  vince -  something very interesting about natural gas storage ( from the class ) .  the industry is rapidly adopting what are called "" operational balancing  agreements , "" where the pipeline contracts with the producers and ldc ' s  ( public utilities ) to handle all "" imbalances "" in shipping , namely all  production shortfalls or overages or consumption likewise . shippers then  always "" book "" what is scheduled to happen , and not what actually happens .  the end result is that storage facillities associated with production regions  are used to smooth out not only weekday - weekend seasonal patterns ( the  well - known "" parking "" ) but to insure issues of wellhead output as well .  cutting to the chase , storage facilities in producing regions are operated to  insure the integrity of the pipeline system , and estimated marketed  production is likely to be a better estimate of actual flow at the pipeline ' s  receipt meter than is production less local storage .  clayton",0,natural gas storage item vince something interesting natural gas storage class industry rapidly adopting called operational balancing agreements pipeline contracts producers ldc public utilities handle imbalances shipping namely production shortfalls overages consumption likewise shippers always book scheduled happen actually happens end result storage facillities associated production regions used smooth weekday weekend seasonal patterns well known parking insure issues wellhead output well cutting chase storage facilities producing regions operated insure integrity pipeline system estimated marketed production likely better estimate actual flow pipeline receipt meter production less local storage clayton
"Subject: luigi zingales seminar on april 27  rice / enron finance seminar participants :  luigi zingales will present a paper co - authored with raghuram g . rajan ,  entitled "" the great reversals : the politics of financial development in the  20 th century . "" ? the full text of the paper is available in pdf form on the  seminar website :  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss  the baton for organizing the seminar series has been passed from barbara  ostdiek to myself . ? if you have questions regarding the series , please  contact me ( wangfa @ rice . edu or 713 - 348 - 5404 ) .  as we have done in the past , we will post the abstract and a downloadable  version of the paper ( if available ) to the website a week or two before the  seminar . ? the website will also provide a link to the speaker ' s homepage so  you can access his or her biographical information . ? if the paper is not  available at the website , i will send a hardcopy to interested jones school  faculty , to felecia jones ( economics ) , sorin sorescu ( university of houston ) ,  and vince kaminski ( enron ) .  i will e - mail an announcement before each seminar , reminding you of the  seminar date , time , and location . ? the distribution list will include  everyone that receives this e - mail . ? please let me know if you would like to  be deleted from the mailing list or if you know of someone who should be  added .  albert  fu - kuo albert wang  assistant professor  jones graduate school of management - - ms 531 ?  rice university ?  6100 main street ?  houston , tx 77005 ?  phone : 713 - 348 - 5404 ?  fax : ? ? ? ? 713 - 348 - 5251  email : wangfa @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ wangfa /",0,luigi zingales seminar april rice enron finance seminar participants luigi zingales present paper co authored raghuram g rajan entitled great reversals politics financial development th century full text paper available pdf form seminar website http www ruf rice edu jgsfss baton organizing seminar series passed barbara ostdiek questions regarding series please contact wangfa rice edu done past post abstract downloadable version paper available website week two seminar website also provide link speaker homepage access biographical information paper available website send hardcopy interested jones school faculty felecia jones economics sorin sorescu university houston vince kaminski enron e mail announcement seminar reminding seminar date time location distribution list include everyone receives e mail please let know would like deleted mailing list know someone added albert fu kuo albert wang assistant professor jones graduate school management ms rice university main street houston tx phone fax email wangfa rice edu http www ruf rice edu wangfa
"Subject: candidate  vince :  here is the resume of samer ' s friend in azurix .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2000  10 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : chonawee supatgiat @ azurix on 01 / 11 / 2000 03 : 47 pm  to : stinson gibner @ ect  cc :  subject : candidate  hi dr . gibner , i just called you but you were not there . as you might  remember , i am working with samer and you was the one who interviewed me for  this position . samer and i now keep our eyes open for the other job  possibilities . i would like to know if there is a position available in enron  research group that i might fit in ? my updated resume and transcript are  attached in hector ' s e - mail . i am looking forward to hearing from you .  - chonawee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / hou / azurix on  01 / 11 / 2000 03 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  hector campos @ ect 01 / 11 / 2000 11 : 26 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : chonawee supatgiat / hou / azurix @ azurix , chonawee @ umich . edu  subject : candidate  stinson ,  here ' s my friend ' s information . he is looking for other opportunities within  enron . i think he would be a good candidate for  the research group . his extension at azurix is 6 - 9654 .  - hector  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by hector campos / hou / ect on 01 / 11 / 2000 11 : 22  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" chonawee supatgiat "" on 01 / 10 / 2000 09 : 50 : 36 am  to : hector campos / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : here they are  thank you , hector . attached are my resume and transcript .  - chonawee  - attl . htm  - chonaweecv . doc  - acadrep . txt",0,candidate vince resume samer friend azurix stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect chonawee supatgiat azurix pm stinson gibner ect cc subject candidate hi dr gibner called might remember working samer one interviewed position samer keep eyes open job possibilities would like know position available enron research group might fit updated resume transcript attached hector e mail looking forward hearing chonawee forwarded chonawee supatgiat hou azurix pm hector campos ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc chonawee supatgiat hou azurix azurix chonawee umich edu subject candidate stinson friend information looking opportunities within enron think would good candidate research group extension azurix hector forwarded hector campos hou ect chonawee supatgiat hector campos hou ect ect cc subject thank hector attached resume transcript chonawee attl htm chonaweecv doc acadrep txt
"Subject: account suspension  dear  paypal user ,  in accordance  with our major database relocation , we are currently having major  adjustments and updates of user accounts to verify that the informations  you have provided with us during the sign - up process are true and  correct . however , we have noticed that the pin number you updated on file is fake . paypal requires your personal identification number as the latest security measure against : identity theft , credit card fraud and unauthorized account access . paypal will verify it with your bank records for your own protection .  if you provide a wrong pin your account will be suspended for unauthorized account access . due our latest security improvements paypal became a global leader in online payments .  we require  you to complete an account verification procedure  as part of our security measure .  you  must click the link below to complete the process .  unable  to do so may result to abnormal account behavior during transactions .  thank  you for using paypal !  the paypal team  please  do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered .  for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the "" help ""  link in the footer of any page .  paypal  email id ppo 96 ",1,account suspension dear paypal user accordance major database relocation currently major adjustments updates user accounts verify informations provided us sign process true correct however noticed pin number updated file fake paypal requires personal identification number latest security measure identity theft credit card fraud unauthorized account access paypal verify bank records protection provide wrong pin account suspended unauthorized account access due latest security improvements paypal became global leader online payments require complete account verification procedure part security measure must click link complete process unable may result abnormal account behavior transactions thank using paypal paypal team please reply e mail mail sent address answered assistance log paypal account choose help link footer page paypal email id ppo
"Subject: first - level designers available for you  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy  several seconds for  your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors .  get your loqo , business stationery or website done  right now !  fast turnaround : you will see several iogo variants  in three business days .  satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited  amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needs and fit your  business .  flexible discounts : logo improvement , additionai  formats , bulk orders , special packages .  creative design for  competitive price : have a look at it right now !",1,first level designers available corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes oniy several seconds company remembered lost among competitors get loqo business stationery website done right fast turnaround see several iogo variants three business days satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes sure wiii meet needs fit business flexible discounts logo improvement additionai formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right
Subject: market internet access - no investment needed  market internet access  no investment needed  premium internet access for only $ 14 . 95 per month or less !  earn $ 1 per subscriber per month  go to :  http : / / new . isp . 50 megs . com /  1918 bqhx 5 - 227 cpamo 598 cjwr 2 - 912 ymjg 32 l 34,1,market internet access investment needed market internet access investment needed premium internet access per month less earn per subscriber per month go http new isp megs com bqhx cpamo cjwr ymjg l
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ail iisted software is availabie for immediate downioad !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery !  just few examples :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language !  best regards ,  ava ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions qerman french spanish uk many others ail iisted software availabie immediate downioad need wait week cd deiivery examples norton lnternet security pro windows xp professional sp fuii version corel draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciuding macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native language best regards ava
"Subject: @ jones : news and information from the jones school  @ jones : news and information from the jones school  february 15 , 2001  forbes magazine survey request  financial times rankings : jones school is in top ten in four categories ;  35 th of 51 u . s . schools and 54 th of world ' s best 100 mba programs .  digital technology panel : february 20  2001 alumni weekend : march 2 - 3  lecture - - gordon bethune , ceo , continental airlines : march 5  lecture - - bruce dunlevie , founder , benchmark capital : march 12  neuhaus lecture - - c . k . prahalad , professor , university of michigan : march  19  dean ' s lecture - - rodney eads , executive vice president , el paso corp . :  april 11  black leadership conference : april 27  rice alliance continues expansion of network , enhances services  seven rules for success in the new economy  tips on financial risk management by marc shapiro , vice chairman , j . p .  morgan employed at three months ; finance ;  entrepreneurship . overall , the jones was ranked 35 th of 51 u . s . schools and  54 th among the world ' s best 100 graduate business schools .  the yale club of houston and the jones school hosts a panel discussion on  digital technology at 6 p . m . on tuesday , february 20 at 124 herring hall .  rsvp by february 16 . cost is $ 20 for jones school alumni and $ 25 for  non - members / guests .  the 2001 alumni weekend reunion will be held march 2 - 3 , 2001 . register by  feb . 16 . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / alumni / alumni _ weekend 2001 . html .  gordon bethune , ceo of continental airlines , will speak at the jones school  at 9 : 45 a . m . on monday , march 5 at 124 herring hall . alumni and students are  invited to attend the lecture .  bruce dunlevie , founder and general partner of benchmark capital , will  speak at noon on monday , march 12 at the farnsworth pavilion , rmc / ley  student center . jones school students and alumni are invited to attend .  c . k . prahalad , harvey c . fruehauf professor of business administration at  the university of michigan business school in ann arbor , will deliver the  2001 w . oscar neuhaus lecture at 9 : 45 a . m . on monday , march 19 , 124 herring  hall .  rodney w . eads , group executive vice president of merchant energy and  production for el paso corp . , will speak at the dean ' s lecture series  scheduled for 9 : 45 a . m . on wednesday , april 4 at 124 herring hall .  this year ' s black leadership conference , scheduled for april 27 , brings  together mbas , lawyers , accountants , engineers , healthcare professionals ,  educators , and entrepreneurs from houston to discuss key issues facing black  professionals . last year ' s keynote speakers include ambassador cynthia  shepherd perry , honorary consul general to senegal and ambassador berhane g .  christos , ambassador of ethiopia .  the rice alliance for technology and entrepreneurship enters its second year  determined to enhance services that have promoted the entrepreneurial spirit  in the rice community and in houston . the alliance brings together students ,  faculty , alumni and other rice - associated parties as collaborators , mentors  and investors in engineering , science , software , or e - commerce innovations .  murray weidenbaum , founder and chairman of the murray weidenbaum center on  the economy , government , and public policy , joins the jones  school as the ken lay , vinson & elkins visiting scholar through may 31 . a  noted expert on american and global economics and top adviser on economic  issues during the nixon and reagan administrations , weidenbaum is working on  a study of u . s . and international trade policy , developing a high middle  ground in a controversial area .  marc j . shapiro , vice chairman , j . p . morgan & chase , talked about six tenets  of success in financial risk management at the jan . 22 dean ' s lecture .  a distinguished panel of e - commerce and energy industry leaders addressed  current trends and the future of e - commerce at the jan . 10 forum "" 2001 : an  internet odyssey "" jointly hosted by the rice alliance for technology and  entrepreneurship , the jones school , rice university executive education , and  texasecomm .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  online :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  visit the construction web cam url for up - to - the - minute live feeds of the  new jones school building construction .  learn about new and upcoming initiatives and programs at the school , and  view artist renderings of the new $ 60 million building , currently under  construction . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / campaign / campaign . html  @ jones : news and information from the jones school , the jones school  e - newsletter , is published monthly by the public relations department of the  jesse h . jones graduate school of management . the jones school website  http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu is updated frequently and we  encourage you to visit the site regularly to get the latest news and  information about new initiatives and programs at the jones school . to  submit items to be posted on the jones school website , please e - mail  jgsmnews @ rice . edu .",0,jones news information jones school jones news information jones school february forbes magazine survey request financial times rankings jones school top ten four categories th u schools th world best mba programs digital technology panel february alumni weekend march lecture gordon bethune ceo continental airlines march lecture bruce dunlevie founder benchmark capital march neuhaus lecture c k prahalad professor university michigan march dean lecture rodney eads executive vice president el paso corp april black leadership conference april rice alliance continues expansion network enhances services seven rules success new economy tips financial risk management marc shapiro vice chairman j p morgan employed three months finance entrepreneurship overall jones ranked th u schools th among world best graduate business schools yale club houston jones school hosts panel discussion digital technology p tuesday february herring hall rsvp february cost jones school alumni non members guests alumni weekend reunion held march register feb http jonesgsm rice edu alumni alumni weekend html gordon bethune ceo continental airlines speak jones school monday march herring hall alumni students invited attend lecture bruce dunlevie founder general partner benchmark capital speak noon monday march farnsworth pavilion rmc ley student center jones school students alumni invited attend c k prahalad harvey c fruehauf professor business administration university michigan business school ann arbor deliver w oscar neuhaus lecture monday march herring hall rodney w eads group executive vice president merchant energy production el paso corp speak dean lecture series scheduled wednesday april herring hall year black leadership conference scheduled april brings together mbas lawyers accountants engineers healthcare professionals educators entrepreneurs houston discuss key issues facing black professionals last year keynote speakers include ambassador cynthia shepherd perry honorary consul general senegal ambassador berhane g christos ambassador ethiopia rice alliance technology entrepreneurship enters second year determined enhance services promoted entrepreneurial spirit rice community houston alliance brings together students faculty alumni rice associated parties collaborators mentors investors engineering science software e commerce innovations murray weidenbaum founder chairman murray weidenbaum center economy government public policy joins jones school ken lay vinson elkins visiting scholar may noted expert american global economics top adviser economic issues nixon reagan administrations weidenbaum working study u international trade policy developing high middle ground controversial area marc j shapiro vice chairman j p morgan chase talked six tenets success financial risk management jan dean lecture distinguished panel e commerce energy industry leaders addressed current trends future e commerce jan forum internet odyssey jointly hosted rice alliance technology entrepreneurship jones school rice university executive education texasecomm online visit construction web cam url minute live feeds new jones school building construction learn new upcoming initiatives programs school view artist renderings new million building currently construction http jonesgsm rice edu campaign campaign html jones news information jones school jones school e newsletter published monthly public relations department jesse h jones graduate school management jones school website http jonesgsm rice edu updated frequently encourage visit site regularly get latest news information new initiatives programs jones school submit items posted jones school website please e mail jgsmnews rice edu
"Subject: re : boss ' s day  kevin ,  no problem , a very good idea .  please , submit expenses to em for signature .  vince  kevin g moore  10 / 10 / 2000 09 : 10 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , jose  marquez / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : boss ' s day  well vince ,  the group has responded and ready for action .  vince , we would like to take mike to happy hour  for boss ' s day on the 16 th of oct .  so if it is okay with you may we do so ?  i am aware that you will be out on this particular  day however , i would also like to ask anyone in  the research group to please join us as we celebrate  with mike .  fyi : nothing fancy just a few drinks , laugher and conversation .  thanks  kevin moore  p . s . please inform . . . . . . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 09 : 51  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  10 / 09 / 2000 02 : 35 pm  to : jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , elena  chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , v charles weldon / hou / ect @ ect , joseph  hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : boss ' s day  hey everyone ,  i know you may not be aware that boss ' s day oct . 16 , 2000  we will celebrate as a group in the staff meeting on oct . 19 th ,  with the big boss vince kaminski and all the others , however ,  if you would like to do something special for our boss , please  inform me whereby i can make arrangements .  thanks  kevin moore",0,boss day kevin problem good idea please submit expenses em signature vince kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect jose marquez corp enron enron cc subject boss day well vince group responded ready action vince would like take mike happy hour boss day th oct okay may aware particular day however would also like ask anyone research group please join us celebrate mike fyi nothing fancy drinks laugher conversation thanks kevin moore p please inform forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore pm jose marquez corp enron enron william smith corp enron enron elena chilkina corp enron enron v charles weldon hou ect ect joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect cc subject boss day hey everyone know may aware boss day oct celebrate group staff meeting oct th big boss vince kaminski others however would like something special boss please inform whereby make arrangements thanks kevin moore
"Subject: re : gas model  chaim ,  i received a number of phone messages from you .  the project is now in the hands of john and i shall  be very happy to assist him when he is ready to move .  he is looking at the licensing agreement right now .  till then , i have to wait for him to make a decision .  my role in this project is one of a facilitator , technical  consultant .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001  05 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : john goodpasture @ enron 02 / 13 / 2001 10 : 47 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : gas model  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john goodpasture / ots / enron on 02 / 13 / 2001  10 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 02 / 13 / 2001 08 : 25 : 12 am  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : re : gas model  john :  thanks so much for getting back to me . we remain keenly interested in doing  the preliminary project for you so that you can know how marketpoint works  and how it might help you . we are ready to go on the test process as soon  as you and your people are ready .  you heard from dr . chaim braun , altos vice president , who called you at my  request to inquire about your demonstration project . i will mention to  chaim that you expressed your interest via email to me . there is no need to  phone him back until you are ready to go . chaim ' s email address is  chaim . braun @ altosmgmt . com and he can be reached at the main altos number  650 . 949 . 3541 . my personal phone number is 650 . 218 . 3069 .  i look forward to working together .  dale  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : john . goodpasture @ enron . com [ mailto : john . goodpasture @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , february 12 , 2001 3 : 04 pm  to : dale m . nesbitt  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : gas model  sorry so much time has passed since we last discussed your north american  gas model . i am however still interested in setting up a test process to  familiarize some of our key people with the model and the database , etc .  i am now reviewing the licensing agreement that you submitted in december  and will be back in touch soon . i need to discuss this further with the  business segments , but i suspect that our interest will be focused more on  the long term gas model .  another member of your firm had called last week , but i somehow misplaced  his name and number . i thought that an e - mail response would suffice for  now . my apologies .  regards ,  john goodpasture",0,gas model chaim received number phone messages project hands john shall happy assist ready move looking licensing agreement right till wait make decision role project one facilitator technical consultant vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm enron north america corp john goodpasture enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject gas model fyi forwarded john goodpasture ots enron dale nesbitt please respond cc subject gas model john thanks much getting back remain keenly interested preliminary project know marketpoint works might help ready go test process soon people ready heard dr chaim braun altos vice president called request inquire demonstration project mention chaim expressed interest via email need phone back ready go chaim email address chaim braun altosmgmt com reached main altos number personal phone number look forward working together dale original message john goodpasture enron com mailto john goodpasture enron com sent monday february pm dale nesbitt cc vince j kaminski enron com subject gas model sorry much time passed since last discussed north american gas model however still interested setting test process familiarize key people model database etc reviewing licensing agreement submitted december back touch soon need discuss business segments suspect interest focused long term gas model another member firm called last week somehow misplaced name number thought e mail response would suffice apologies regards john goodpasture
"Subject: rice / enron finance seminar series  fyi !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001  08 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  barbara ostdiek on 03 / 16 / 2001 03 : 33 : 59 pm  to : ostdiek @ rice . edu  cc :  subject : rice / enron finance seminar series  enron seminar series in finance  jones graduate school of management , rice university  paul schultz  university of notre dame  will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , march 30 , ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  & who makes markets  8  the seminar will begin at 3 : 30 in room 115 .  the paper will be made available shortly .",0,rice enron finance seminar series fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect barbara ostdiek pm ostdiek rice edu cc subject rice enron finance seminar series enron seminar series finance jones graduate school management rice university paul schultz university notre dame give seminar jones school friday march makes markets seminar begin room paper made available shortly
"Subject: candidate decisions  vince :  they are already asking for evaluations on the following individuals most  of whom were just interviewed yesterday ! however , i do not know who  bruce kamich is - i don ' t remember his interview at all .  can you give me something to tell toni .  thanks !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 07 / 28 / 2000  11 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : toni graham @ enron 07 / 28 / 2000 02 : 39 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : candidate decisions  shirley ,  could you please give me a yes , no , maybe decision on the following  candidates interviewed :  bruce kamich  philip roan  jerzy jarosz  bruce james  oleg bondar  thanks  toni",0,candidate decisions vince already asking evaluations following individuals interviewed yesterday however know bruce kamich remember interview give something tell toni thanks forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect enron north america corp toni graham enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject candidate decisions shirley could please give yes maybe decision following candidates interviewed bruce kamich philip roan jerzy jarosz bruce james oleg bondar thanks toni
"Subject: request  vince ,  would you mind making a few luncheon comments to the texas finance festival  group at our sat luncheon ? i struck out with andy and sheridan thought  that you could relate very well to the group . how about it ?  john  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,request vince would mind making luncheon comments texas finance festival group sat luncheon struck andy sheridan thought could relate well group john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
Subject: secretly record all internet activity on any computer . . . taf  find out who they are chatting / e - mailing with all those hours !  is your spouse cheating online ?  are your kids talking to dangerous people on instant messenger ?  find out now ! - with big brother instant software download .  click on this link now to see actual screenshots and to order !  to be excluded from future contacts please visit :  http : / / 213 . 139 . 76 . 69 / php / remove . php  bacalau,1,secretly record internet activity computer taf find chatting e mailing hours spouse cheating online kids talking dangerous people instant messenger find big brother instant software download click link see actual screenshots order excluded future contacts please visit http php remove php bacalau
"Subject: hello all  update :  preparations for the upcoming texas finance festival iii are about complete  and i just wanted to update you on the hotel reservations information . you  will need to make your reservation before march 20 to be assured of getting  a room in our reserved block . also , for "" counting "" purposes i need  everyone ' s registration form completed . many of you ( and a lot of new  faces ) have already sent them in but some may not have , so . . .  lots of fun stuff is planned so come prepared for a very relaxing and  productive weekend !  john  - announcerev . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,hello update preparations upcoming texas finance festival iii complete wanted update hotel reservations information need make reservation march assured getting room reserved block also counting purposes need everyone registration form completed many lot new faces already sent may lots fun stuff planned come prepared relaxing productive weekend john announcerev doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : alp presentation  vince ,  thank you for the invitation . i will attend the presentation , but have  another commitment for dinner .  please indicate the specific room for the presentation when it is known .  thanks ,  wil  at 08 : 13 am 4 / 10 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project  > presentation by a group of students  > of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university .  >  > the students will present the results of a research project regarding  > electronic trading  > platforms in the energy industry .  >  > the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith .  >  > we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation .  >  >  > vince kaminski  >  > vincent kaminski  > managing director - research  > enron corp .  > 1400 smith street  > room ebl 962  > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com",0,alp presentation vince thank invitation attend presentation another commitment dinner please indicate specific room presentation known thanks wil wrote behalf enron corp would like invite alp project presentation group students jesse h jones graduate school management rice university students present results research project regarding electronic trading platforms energy industry presentation held may p enron smith would also like invite dinner following presentation vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone cell fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: greeting from charles  dear molly :  happy new year ! haven  , t talked to you for a while ,  hope you and your family had a great holiday . i can  , t  believe we are already in 2001 !  i remember we had talk last december , and you were  basically waiting for the response from vince , have  you heard anything back from vince yet ? since we are  already in january , i really hope we can move forward .  if you have any questions , please feel free to call me  at 918 - 409 - 4308 . thank you .  sincerely ,  charles  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! photos - share your holiday photos online !  http : / / photos . yahoo . com /",0,greeting charles dear molly happy new year talked hope family great holiday believe already remember talk last december basically waiting response vince heard anything back vince yet since already january really hope move forward questions please feel free call thank sincerely charles yahoo yahoo photos share holiday photos online http photos yahoo com
"Subject: re : fw : fw : visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston  university  hi nalin ,  martin lin asked if you have a paper "" or something "" related to the lecture  you will be giving to us on may 17 th .  ciao ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lin , martin  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 8 : 52 am  to : mack , iris  subject : re : fw : fw : visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston  university  is there a paper or something related to this topic that we can look over  beforehand ?  thanks ,  martin  iris mack / enron @ enronxgate 04 / 27 / 01 05 : 42 pm to : chonawee  supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / enron communications @ enron  communications , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , martin lin / contractor / enron  communications @ enron communications cc : subject : fw : fw : visit to enron by  professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university  fyi  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : mack , iris  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 2 : 45 pm  to : crenshaw , shirley ; crenshaw , shirley ; dupont , anita  cc : kaminski , vince ; ' nalink @ bu . edu '  subject : fw : fw : visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston  university  hi ,  here is the title and abstract for professor kulatilaka ' s talk on may 17 th  at our 11 : 30 am research group luncheon / seminar .  iris  title : "" using the mobile internet to make new markets ""  abstract :  professor kulatilaka will talk about some new ideas that he is working on  which involve  using the micro billing / payments capability of a packet - switched wireless  network to create new markets . the potential markets range from spot  markets for local spectrum to congestion - based pricing for highways .",0,fw fw visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi nalin martin lin asked paper something related lecture giving us may th ciao iris original message lin martin sent monday april mack iris subject fw fw visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university paper something related topic look beforehand thanks martin iris mack enron enronxgate pm chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron shalesh ganjoo enron communications enron communications martin lin hou ect ect martin lin contractor enron communications enron communications cc subject fw fw visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university fyi original message mack iris sent monday april pm crenshaw shirley crenshaw shirley dupont anita cc kaminski vince nalink bu edu subject fw fw visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi title abstract professor kulatilaka talk may th research group luncheon seminar iris title using mobile internet make new markets abstract professor kulatilaka talk new ideas working involve using micro billing payments capability packet switched wireless network create new markets potential markets range spot markets local spectrum congestion based pricing highways
Subject: lance ' s telephone  hi vince :  lance ' s telephone # is : ( 512 ) 280 - 5052 .,0,lance telephone hi vince lance telephone
"Subject: congrats !  vince ,  congrats on your promotion ! well - done !  rob",0,congrats vince congrats promotion well done rob
"Subject: re : chase  vince : thanks very much . i will call ravi  chris  vince j kaminski @ ect  04 / 12 / 2000 10 : 36 am  to : chris holmes @ enron  cc :  subject : re : chase  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2000  10 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 12 / 2000 10 : 11 am  to : chris holmes / hou / ect @ ees  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : chase  chris ,  we don ' t have yet any report on broadband that might help you , developed  internally  by my group . we are working on a tutorial and we shall send you a copy when  it ' s ready .  the person who can give you an introduction to this market is ravi  thuraisingham .  vince  chris holmes @ ees  04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 55 pm  sent by : chris holmes @ ees  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : chase  vince :  i am working now in ees as the chase national account manager and am  developing new products to sell chase . one of the products i am working on  integrates the provision of broad band with a package of computer  hardware and software for a company ' s employees .  i can explain more if you are interested .  i understand you put together a report on broadband which has helped educate  people as to the technology and economics . can i get a copy ? .  also do you have any analyses on chase that might help me detect other  opportunities ?  is there anyone on your staff with whom i should talk ?  thanks  chris",0,chase vince thanks much call ravi chris vince j kaminski ect chris holmes enron cc subject chase forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vince j kaminski chris holmes hou ect ees cc stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject chase chris yet report broadband might help developed internally group working tutorial shall send copy ready person give introduction market ravi thuraisingham vince chris holmes ees pm sent chris holmes ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject chase vince working ees chase national account manager developing new products sell chase one products working integrates provision broad band package computer hardware software company employees explain interested understand put together report broadband helped educate people technology economics get copy also analyses chase might help detect opportunities anyone staff talk thanks chris
"Subject: petrochem desk  i had a chance to speak with christian lebroc this morning with regard to  curve building for petrochemicals . as it turns out , christian left rac in  april and joined the petrochem desk as a trader . previous efforts at  construction of a forward curve by the group have focused on intuition or  swags . unfortunately , the group had a rough p & l year with at least some of  the blame directed toward the forward curve or lack thereof . when asked  about the fundamentals group , christian indicated that they ' d only been  around about 3 - 4 months and are not yet well - suited to curve building . john  nowlan is indeed the head of the group .  from a timing perspective , i told christian that it would probably take at  least 6 - 8 weeks to develop a curve , especially considering the need to  understand the key market drivers / fundamentals . as was suggested yesterday  during our meeting , a strong relationship between petrochemicals and a nymex  component ( e . g . , crude oil ) would provide a great beginning point - - we could  then potentially strengthen / augment this relationship with other key factors  ( e . g . , supply and demand terms ) borne out of our market research .  nelson",0,petrochem desk chance speak christian lebroc morning regard curve building petrochemicals turns christian left rac april joined petrochem desk trader previous efforts construction forward curve group focused intuition swags unfortunately group rough p l year least blame directed toward forward curve lack thereof asked fundamentals group christian indicated around months yet well suited curve building john nowlan indeed head group timing perspective told christian would probably take least weeks develop curve especially considering need understand key market drivers fundamentals suggested yesterday meeting strong relationship petrochemicals nymex component e g crude oil would provide great beginning point could potentially strengthen augment relationship key factors e g supply demand terms borne market research nelson
"Subject: the delivery of the equipment you ordered is scheduled .  - - - automatic notification system ( request # : ecth - 4 r 5 mlm )  requested for : vince j kaminski  requested by : shirley crenshaw  your order ( see below ) has been assigned to ron cooper . technician will  contact you for information and delivery time . please contact the technician  if you have any question .  en 6600 desktop p 3 - 600 10 gb 64 mb 32 x nt 4 . 0  en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop  21 "" vl 100 monitor",0,delivery equipment ordered scheduled automatic notification system request ecth r mlm requested vince j kaminski requested shirley crenshaw order see assigned ron cooper technician contact information delivery time please contact technician question en desktop p gb mb x nt en mb installed desktop vl monitor
Subject: congratulations  congratulations on your promotion to md !  alan,0,congratulations congratulations promotion md alan
"Subject: re : lng may 19 decision  john ,  yes . i have additional info about this transaction .  vince  john sherriff  05 / 16 / 2000 10 : 47 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : lng may 19 decision  thanks vince - i understand we are on at lpm your time today to review this .  john  vince j kaminski  16 / 05 / 2000 14 : 48  to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : lng may 19 decision  john ,  sorry for the confusion .  this is a second tanker on which very few details  are available . the lng group is working as we speak  to provide some information for joe sutton before  his departure for paris this ( tuesday ) afternoon .  there is no dash on this 2 nd tanker yet . i asked dave gorte  on monday to send me one and was not told that  he can provide me with the mystic lady dash as the closest  substitute .  vince  john sherriff  05 / 16 / 2000 12 : 20 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : lng may 19 decision  vince - thanks for the update . what i am not sure of is what if any decision  has to be  made on may 19 . it seems to me that the mystic lady and elba island deals  have already  been approved and executed - but it is quite likely i am missing a detail or  two .  john  vince j kaminski  15 / 05 / 2000 17 : 14  to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , david gorte / hou / ect @ ect , rick  buy / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : lng may 19 decision  john ,  this is the update on what i have done for the lng transactions .  1 . i was not involved in the lng ship project . i shall read the dash  and give you my comments . without looking at the details , i think that the  decision  to charter a tanker removes one significant risk we have at the elba island  project ( please , see point 2 ) .  2 . elba island . i am working with doug rotenberbg , brad hitch , scott earnest  ( sally beck ' s organization ) and rac to set up the book for the elba island  transaction . the next step  will be to expand the book to capture all the enron ' s lng - related positions  in one place and  to look for natural risk offsets and possible hedges . a working group is  meeting to close a few  remaining gaps tomorrow ( tuesday ) at 8 : 30 .  a few comments on the book design and my view of the project :  a . the current thinking is that lng will be sourced for the elba island  facility  by buying marginal cargos on the fob basis . marginal cargos will represent  supply from excess capacity that has not been committed under long - term  contracts or became available due to some short - term frictions .  the fob cargos are typically selling at a significant discount to the  long - term  contract prices . the economics of the deal , as represented by the book we are  setting up , will reflect the assumption that not only we can locate marginal  cargos  but that we shall be able to do it on a regular basis , arranging shipping and  coordinating  the facility schedule and natural gas transactions in the us . in other words ,  we have a significant logistical and operational risk in this transaction .  b . the transaction will cover the period of 17 years ( with an extension  option of  5 years ) . even if we can lock - in the lng volumes over this time period , we  have no ability to lock - in the other side of the spread ( us gas prices ) for  such a long tenor . this is  essentially a tolling transaction with exposure to the lng - nat gas spread  and  i would not recommend locking - in only one leg of the spread .  one solution would be to cover , let ' s say , 50 % of he lng volumes for the  first  5 years and lock - in the nat gas side on the us market side .  c . the book we are setting up will be based on many managerial assumptions  regarding sources of lng , shipping rates , schedules , etc . i would set up a  big prudence reserve  in case we mark it to market .  d . my group will work on valuation of some options we have in the elba island  deal  ( that are good for enron ) and on the hedging strategy for the lng positions .  long - term lng contracts are typically based on the japanese crude cocktail  that  correlates very well with brent .  vince  john sherriff  05 / 14 / 2000 01 : 40 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lauren urquhart / lon / ect @ ect  subject : lng may 19 decision  vince  i haven ' t spoken to you for awhile but hope the world is treating you well .  anyway with greg moving to his  new role i have ( i hope only temporarily ) staff trading oversight for the  eastern hemishere plus lng .  i understand that your group is taking a first cut at developing curves for  lng and lng ship values . i also understand  that another lng ship decision is on the dockets for may 19 ( not very far  away ) . anway i understand this  is a big decision but i still have gotten very little info yet . can you  please let me know where you stand now ?  i will ask my assistant lauren to set up a time that i can speak with you in  the next couple of days and if you  have anything for me to review before then she can get it faxed to me as well .  look forward to connecting with you vince .  john",0,lng may decision john yes additional info transaction vince john sherriff vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject lng may decision thanks vince understand lpm time today review john vince j kaminski john sherriff lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject lng may decision john sorry confusion second tanker details available lng group working speak provide information joe sutton departure paris tuesday afternoon dash nd tanker yet asked dave gorte monday send one told provide mystic lady dash closest substitute vince john sherriff vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject lng may decision vince thanks update sure decision made may seems mystic lady elba island deals already approved executed quite likely missing detail two john vince j kaminski john sherriff lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect david gorte hou ect ect rick buy hou ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect subject lng may decision john update done lng transactions involved lng ship project shall read dash give comments without looking details think decision charter tanker removes one significant risk elba island project please see point elba island working doug rotenberbg brad hitch scott earnest sally beck organization rac set book elba island transaction next step expand book capture enron lng related positions one place look natural risk offsets possible hedges working group meeting close remaining gaps tomorrow tuesday comments book design view project current thinking lng sourced elba island facility buying marginal cargos fob basis marginal cargos represent supply excess capacity committed long term contracts became available due short term frictions fob cargos typically selling significant discount long term contract prices economics deal represented book setting reflect assumption locate marginal cargos shall able regular basis arranging shipping coordinating facility schedule natural gas transactions us words significant logistical operational risk transaction b transaction cover period years extension option years even lock lng volumes time period ability lock side spread us gas prices long tenor essentially tolling transaction exposure lng nat gas spread would recommend locking one leg spread one solution would cover let say lng volumes first years lock nat gas side us market side c book setting based many managerial assumptions regarding sources lng shipping rates schedules etc would set big prudence reserve case mark market group work valuation options elba island deal good enron hedging strategy lng positions long term lng contracts typically based japanese crude cocktail correlates well brent vince john sherriff vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc lauren urquhart lon ect ect subject lng may decision vince spoken awhile hope world treating well anyway greg moving new role hope temporarily staff trading oversight eastern hemishere plus lng understand group taking first cut developing curves lng lng ship values also understand another lng ship decision dockets may far away anway understand big decision still gotten little info yet please let know stand ask assistant lauren set time speak next couple days anything review get faxed well look forward connecting vince john
"Subject: re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  norma  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000  09 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : robert knight on 03 / 08 / 2000 04 : 09 pm  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  maureen ,  i apologize that your phone was disconnected in error . at this time your  phone is working and your voice mail box needs to be set up . i would like to  add however , i do not appreciate your disrespect and unreasonable demands  placed on my employees . they were not the cause of this problem and can only  relay your information to the appropriate group .  enron has values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence . i  would appreciate you taking the time to review them .  robert knight  director voice communications  stella l ely  03 / 08 / 2000 11 : 08 am  to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , telephone mods / corp / enron @ enron , dolores  sustaita / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , robert knight / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  please reinstate maureen ' s extension immediately , if possible . it was  disconnected this past weekend when we had it taken off of the phone at eb  3073 f . her extension was on two phones at two different locations and should  not have been disconnected at eb 1939 . her extension no . is 30396 . sorry  for the confusion . please let me know timing asap .  thank you .  stella ely",0,maureen raymond castaneda extension norma fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect robert knight pm maureen raymond hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject maureen raymond castaneda extension maureen apologize phone disconnected error time phone working voice mail box needs set would like add however appreciate disrespect unreasonable demands placed employees cause problem relay information appropriate group enron values respect integrity communication excellence would appreciate taking time review robert knight director voice communications stella l ely move team epsc hou ect ect telephone mods corp enron enron dolores sustaita epsc hou ect ect robert knight hou ect ect cc subject maureen raymond castaneda extension please reinstate maureen extension immediately possible disconnected past weekend taken phone eb f extension two phones two different locations disconnected eb extension sorry confusion please let know timing asap thank stella ely
"Subject: re : weather and energy price data  dear dr . kaminski :  thank you very much for the natural gas information . the electricity price  is also definitely of great help if it can be available .  could you kindly please let me know the contact information for ft or  megawatt daily ? i will contact them asap to get their permission for the  access of the price data .  thank you very much and have a great day !  mulong  on mon , 16 apr 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > mulong ,  >  > we shall send you natural gas henry hub prices right away .  > please look at the last winter and the winter of  > 95 / 96 .  >  > we shall prepare for you the electricity price  > information ( cinergy , cobb and palo verde ) but  > you have to approach ft ( the publishers of  > megawatts daily , a newsletter that produces the price  > index we recommend using ) and request the permision  > to use the data . we are not allowed to distribute  > this information .  >  > please , explain that this is for academic research and that  > we can produce the time series for you ,  > conditional on the permission from the publishers  > of megawatts daily .  >  > vince kaminski  >  >  >  >  > mulong wang on 04 / 15 / 2001 03 : 43 : 26 am  >  > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  > cc : richard macminn  > subject : weather and energy price data  >  >  > dear dr . kaminski :  >  > i am a phd candidate under the supervision of drs . richard macminn and  > patrick brockett . i am now working on my dissertation which is focused on  > the weather derivatives and credit derivatives .  >  > could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about  > the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions ?  >  > the past winter of 2000 was very cold nationwide , and there may be a  > significant price jump for natural gas or electricity . could you  > please offer me some energy price data during that time period ?  >  > your kind assistance will be highly appreciated and have a great day !  >  > mulong  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,weather energy price data dear dr kaminski thank much natural gas information electricity price also definitely great help available could kindly please let know contact information ft megawatt daily contact asap get permission access price data thank much great day mulong mon apr vince j kaminski enron com wrote mulong shall send natural gas henry hub prices right away please look last winter winter shall prepare electricity price information cinergy cobb palo verde approach ft publishers megawatts daily newsletter produces price index recommend using request permision use data allowed distribute information please explain academic research produce time series conditional permission publishers megawatts daily vince kaminski mulong wang vkamins ect enron com cc richard macminn subject weather energy price data dear dr kaminski phd candidate supervision drs richard macminn patrick brockett working dissertation focused weather derivatives credit derivatives could kindly please offer real weather data information price peak plummet weather conditions past winter cold nationwide may significant price jump natural gas electricity could please offer energy price data time period kind assistance highly appreciated great day mulong
"Subject: follow - up meeting on wharton  it seems like several of you will be on vacation next week , so lets see if  we can do it this week . vince is available on thursday from 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm  or friday , from 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 pm .  do either one of these two times work ?  let me know .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 12 / 2000  10 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  12 / 12 / 2000 09 : 20 am  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , james l bouillion / hou / ect @ ect , george  carrick / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : follow - up meeting on wharton  good morning everyone :  vince would like to schedule a follow - up meeting on wharton as soon as  we can agree on a time .  how does monday the 18 th look for you ? vince is free from 9 : 30 am -  11 : 30 am and from 1 : 00 pm - 4 : 00 pm .  please let me know if you are available during any of these times .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  3 - 5290",0,follow meeting wharton seems like several vacation next week lets see week vince available thursday pm friday pm either one two times work let know thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect shirley crenshaw christie patrick hou ect ect james l bouillion hou ect ect george carrick hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject follow meeting wharton good morning everyone vince would like schedule follow meeting wharton soon agree time monday th look vince free pm pm please let know available times thanks shirley crenshaw
"Subject: interview schedule for stephen bennett  attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .  the interview will happen friday august 4 , 2000 . please print all three  documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  sean grady  58701",0,interview schedule stephen bennett attached please find interview packet referenced person interview happen friday august please print three documents hard copies questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact sean grady
"Subject: alp presentation  hi vince ! !  i ' ll take care of the invitations and i am planning to be at the concert on saturday !  thanks ! !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 09 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  05 / 01 / 2001 04 : 55 pm  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , melinda mccarty / corp / enron @ enron  subject : alp presentation  christie ,  shirley reserved room 49 cl for monday 4 : 00 p . m . presentation .  can you issue the formal invitation to our guests with the game / dinner  details ? i don ' t have all the details regarding the enron field  box and time . i am out most of the day on wednesday but we can  discuss the details on thursday .  hope to see you on saturday at the concert .  vince",0,alp presentation hi vince take care invitations planning concert saturday thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm christie patrick hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect kenneth parkhill na enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect melinda mccarty corp enron enron subject alp presentation christie shirley reserved room cl monday p presentation issue formal invitation guests game dinner details details regarding enron field box time day wednesday discuss details thursday hope see saturday concert vince
"Subject: california update 5 / 22 / 01  please treat as confidential  a source had a meeting today with california state treasurer phil angelides . here are the main points from their conversation  1 . anglelides certain that socal will go bankrupt  corroborating our line over the past four months , anglelides stated with confidence that socal would go bankrupt and that "" he was surprised they hadn ' t already . "" he noted that the only reason they haven ' t yet is that "" they were too stupid to ring - fence the parent "" and that "" their two biggest equity holders were screaming not to do it . ""  he added that the davis / socal mou is dead and that all the "" plan b ' s "" are "" speculative "" at best . he also thought that socal was being "" naive if they thought they would get a better deal from the legislature than from the bankruptcy court . ""  2 . bond issuance - $ 12 b not enough  angelides conceded that a $ 12 b bond issue would not be enough to buy power for the summer and that the true costs would probably be $ 18 - 24 b . the only reason they didn ' t issue more is that angelides felt that "" $ 12 b was all the market could handle . "" the current game plan for bonds assumes an average peak price for power of $ 400 / mwh , which angelides said explains the difference between his estimates and the higher estimates from state comptroller ' s kathleen connell ' s office .  3 . new generator construction  anglelides was explicit that the california public power authority ( authorized by the legislature last week ) will "" build plants and not stop until we [ california ] has a 10 - 15 % capacity cushion above expected demand . angelides expects the state to be "" 5 - 10 % short on power all summer . """,0,california update please treat confidential source meeting today california state treasurer phil angelides main points conversation anglelides certain socal go bankrupt corroborating line past four months anglelides stated confidence socal would go bankrupt surprised already noted reason yet stupid ring fence parent two biggest equity holders screaming added davis socal mou dead plan b speculative best also thought socal naive thought would get better deal legislature bankruptcy court bond issuance b enough angelides conceded b bond issue would enough buy power summer true costs would probably b reason issue angelides felt b market could handle current game plan bonds assumes average peak price power mwh angelides said explains difference estimates higher estimates state comptroller kathleen connell office new generator construction anglelides explicit california public power authority authorized legislature last week build plants stop california capacity cushion expected demand angelides expects state short power summer
"Subject: visit to enron  grant and vince ,  thanks for arranging my visit to enron . i was impressed by the nature and  scope of work in the group and the people i met . i look forward to hearing  from you later in the week .  a few peple asked me the method i used to value asian options . it is an  approximate method based on geometrical averaging with an adjusted exercise  price , as described by gordon gemmill in option pricing : an international  perspective , mcgraw - hill , london , 1993 , pages 242 - 248 .  regards ,  greg  get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com",0,visit enron grant vince thanks arranging visit enron impressed nature scope work group people met look forward hearing later week peple asked method used value asian options approximate method based geometrical averaging adjusted exercise price described gordon gemmill option pricing international perspective mcgraw hill london pages regards greg get private free e mail msn hotmail http www hotmail com
"Subject: send real paper greeting cards on - line !  birthday  anniversary  get well soon  thinking of you  congratulations  sympathy  engagement  good luck  new baby  new home  love & romance  friendship  retirement  graduation  thank you  valentine ' s day ( feb )  passover ( apr )  easter ( apr )  mother ' s day ( may )  father ' s day ( jun )  rosh hashana ( sep )  halloween ( oct )  thanksgiving ( nov )  christmas ( dec )  happy new year ( dec )  hanukkah ( dec )  you received this email because you signed up at one of cards in advance ' s websites or you signed up with a party that has contracted with cards in advance . to unsubscribe from the cards in advance mailing list please reply to this email with "" remove "" as the subject .  http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork",1,send real paper greeting cards line birthday anniversary get well soon thinking congratulations sympathy engagement good luck new baby new home love romance friendship retirement graduation thank valentine day feb passover apr easter apr mother day may father day jun rosh hashana sep halloween oct thanksgiving nov christmas dec happy new year dec hanukkah dec received email signed one cards advance websites signed party contracted cards advance unsubscribe cards advance mailing list please reply email remove subject http xent com mailman listinfo fork
"Subject: in the heart of your business !  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only  several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among  competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht  now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see several ioqo variants in three  business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of  changes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your  business . fiexible discounts : iogo improvement , additional formats , bulk  orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right  now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,heart business corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes several seconds company remembered iost among competitors get ioqo business stationery website done riqht fast turnaround wiii see several ioqo variants three business days satisfaction quaranteed provide uniimited amount changes sure meet needsand fit business fiexible discounts iogo improvement additional formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right interested
"Subject: capm and cost of capital  greetings from the global association of risk professionals ! ! we are  putting together a panel for our march meeting related to one of the  following topics ; cost of capital , estimating risk premium , and capm  approaches to measuring risk . currently , we have steve mann , an assistant  professor of finance at tcu , is scheduled to speak and we are seeking  additional volunteers for our panel . if you are interested please respond  via email . if your organization would like to host the event , please let me  know so that arrangements can be made .  fyi , we have identified resources in new york city that would come to  houston to speak , and we are in need of a sponsor ( or suggestions ) to cover  the general expense of bringing these individuals to houston .  steve mann is an assistant professor of finance at the neeley school at tcu ,  where he teaches courses in derivatives and corporate finance . his primary  area of research is trading , with focus on the risk & reward of market  making in derivative contracts , as well as behavioral aspects of trading ,  and liquidity measurement . his publications to date include papers in the  review of financial studies , the journal of business , and the journal of  futures markets .  looking forward to your response .  respectfully ,  frank hayden  garp  the information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged .  it is intended solely for the addressee . access to this email by anyone else  is unauthorized .  if you are not the intended recipient , any disclosure , copying , distribution  or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it , is prohibited  and may be unlawful . when addressed to our clients any opinions or advice  contained in this email are subject to the terms and conditions expressed in  the governing kpmg client engagement letter . ",0,capm cost capital greetings global association risk professionals putting together panel march meeting related one following topics cost capital estimating risk premium capm approaches measuring risk currently steve mann assistant professor finance tcu scheduled speak seeking additional volunteers panel interested please respond via email organization would like host event please let know arrangements made fyi identified resources new york city would come houston speak need sponsor suggestions cover general expense bringing individuals houston steve mann assistant professor finance neeley school tcu teaches courses derivatives corporate finance primary area research trading focus risk reward market making derivative contracts well behavioral aspects trading liquidity measurement publications date include papers review financial studies journal business journal futures markets looking forward response respectfully frank hayden garp information email confidential may legally privileged intended solely addressee access email anyone else unauthorized intended recipient disclosure copying distribution action taken omitted taken reliance prohibited may unlawful addressed clients opinions advice contained email subject terms conditions expressed governing kpmg client engagement letter
"Subject: for your information  dear homeowner ,  after completing the review we are pleased to offer you the following ,  your current mortgage qualifies you for more than a 3 % lower rate !  ! ! u . s mortgage rates have never been lower ! ! !  millions of americans have re - financed this month alone !  so why not you ?  go here to make that change .  if you prefer to be left out of this amazing offer go here .",1,information dear homeowner completing review pleased offer following current mortgage qualifies lower rate u mortgage rates never lower millions americans financed month alone go make change prefer left amazing offer go
"Subject: energy derivatives book  hi vince ,  it was good to speak to you and grant the other day . plese find attached a  block of 3 chapters that are basically the middle of the book . this should  give you an idea at the level it is pitched - although these are probably  some of the the most technical of the chapters . julie who works for us will  be getting in contact with you soon to chase you up on your chapter !  i ' ve asked julie to have a chat to you about a couple of other things at  the same time . i hope this is ok with you . julie and i will be making a  trip thru houston around the third week of february to try and visit some  energy companies . it ' s mainly a fact finding trip to see what the energy  companies are doing and how we might be able to make use of our skills in a  commercial sense . would you recommend any people we should talk too ? also  we will be running a course on energy derivatives in houston at the end of  march following the success of the course in new york last year and want to  advertise this . do you know of people who would be interested in such a  course ?  we are currently putting together promotional material for the book - can  you please let julie know how you and grant would like to be advertised -  your official positions , etc .  best regards , and i look forward to reading your chapter soon .  chris .  - ed _ vince . zip",0,energy derivatives book hi vince good speak grant day plese find attached block chapters basically middle book give idea level pitched although probably technical chapters julie works us getting contact soon chase chapter asked julie chat couple things time hope ok julie making trip thru houston around third week february try visit energy companies mainly fact finding trip see energy companies might able make use skills commercial sense would recommend people talk also running course energy derivatives houston end march following success course new york last year want advertise know people would interested course currently putting together promotional material book please let julie know grant would like advertised official positions etc best regards look forward reading chapter soon chris ed vince zip
