text,spam,processed_text
"Subject: re : trading ag prods .  vince ,  just wanted to let you know that i have done some preliminary , high level , research into this commodity and would be glad to share it . please let me know if you would be interested in it . thank you .  shalesh ganjoo  vince j kaminski @ ect 05 / 01 / 01 10 : 20 am to : shalesh ganjoo / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : elsa piekielniak / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : trading ag prods .  shalesh ,  a good idea . i shall forward it to the ag traders .  vince  from : shalesh ganjoo @ enron communications on 05 / 01 / 2001 10 : 12 am  to : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : trading ag prods .  nelson ,  i know you are focusing on agricultural products for trading , so i just wanted to know if we are looking at wool . i know that it ' s traded in australia and new zealand , so we might be able to look into it as well . please let me know . thank you .  shalesh ganjoo ",0,trading ag prods vince wanted let know done preliminary high level research commodity would glad share please let know would interested thank shalesh ganjoo vince j kaminski ect shalesh ganjoo enron communications enron communications enron cc elsa piekielniak corp enron enron subject trading ag prods shalesh good idea shall forward ag traders vince shalesh ganjoo enron communications nelson neale na enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject trading ag prods nelson know focusing agricultural products trading wanted know looking wool know traded australia new zealand might able look well please let know thank shalesh ganjoo
"Subject: re : chapter  dear vince ,  that ' s fine - i didn ' t know if yours had changed as grant ' s did - i have  your earlier part and that has already been type set .  best regards .  chris .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : "" vince j kaminski ""  to : "" chris strickland ""  cc : "" vince j kaminski ""  sent : tuesday , august 29 , 2000 5 : 18 am  subject : re : chapter  >  >  > chris ,  >  > my part has not changed for some time ( since early july ) .  >  > i sent the last vintage of corrections to you when i was in sydney .  > you can send the version you consider final to us just to double check .  >  > i took the liberty of sending our chapter to darrell duffie and he liked  it .  > what is more important he did not find any error .  >  >  > i shell send you my comments on the article for robin in a day or so .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" chris strickland "" on 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 55 : 31 pm  >  > please respond to "" chris strickland ""  >  > to : ,  > cc :  > subject : chapter  >  >  >  > hi vince ,  >  > how are things with you ? well i hope . do you have the latest version of  your  > part of chapter 3 ? ( i think grant has sent thru a seperate , updated  version to  > you , which has been typeset ) . everything else has been tied up and we  will go  > with the version we have , unless we hear otherwise .  >  > many thanks and best regards .  >  > chris .  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,chapter dear vince fine know changed grant earlier part already type set best regards chris original message vince j kaminski chris strickland cc vince j kaminski sent tuesday august subject chapter chris part changed time since early july sent last vintage corrections sydney send version consider final us double check took liberty sending chapter darrell duffie liked important find error shell send comments article robin day vince chris strickland pm please respond chris strickland cc subject chapter hi vince things well hope latest version part chapter think grant sent thru seperate updated version typeset everything else tied go version unless hear otherwise many thanks best regards chris
"Subject: re : executive program on credit risk  vince ,  next time this program will be offered in ca in october ( see below ) .  let me know what you think ,  tanya .  "" isero , alicia "" on 01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 38 : 12 pm  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : executive program on credit risk  thank you for your message . yes , it will be offered in california at  stanford , but not until october 15 - 20 . if you look on our website :  www . gsb . stanford . edu / exed  ( click on programs )  it will give you the information for both programs ( london and stanford ) .  regards ,  alicia steinaecker isero  program manager , executive education  stanford university  graduate school of business  stanford , ca 94305 - 5015  phone : 650 - 723 - 2922  fax : 650 - 723 - 3950  email : isero _ alicia @ gsb . stanford . edu  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : tanya tamarchenko [ smtp : ttamarc @ ect . enron . com ]  sent : thursday , january 06 , 2000 3 : 23 pm  to : isero _ alicia @ gsb . stanford . edu  subject : re : executive program on credit risk  hi , alicia ,  i work for enron research and i would like to take the executive  program on  credit risk .  i am trying to find out if this program is going to be offered in  california  soon . is the date known ?  can you , please , let me know .  appreciate it ,  tanya tamarchenko  11 / 19 / 99 01 : 37 pm  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : executive program on credit risk ( document link :  tanya  tamarchenko )  "" isero , alicia "" on 11 / 10 / 99 06 : 10 : 57  pm  to : "" ' credit risk mailing ' ""  cc : "" weidell , anna "" , "" sheehan ,  alice ""  ( bcc : tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect )  subject : executive program on credit risk  subject : announcement : executive program on credit risk modeling  credit risk modeling for financial institutions  february 27 - march 2 , 2000  in london , at the lanesborough hotel  risk management specialists , stanford business school professors of  finance  darrell duffie and kenneth singleton will be repeating their  successful  executive program on credit risk pricing and risk management for  financial  institutions . the course is created for risk managers , research  staff , and  traders with responsibility for credit risk or credit - related  products ,  including bond and loan portfolios , otc derivative portfolios , and  credit  derivatives .  this program includes :  * valuation models for corporate and sovereign bonds , defaultable  otc  derivatives , and credit derivatives  * models for measuring credit risk , with correlation , for  portfolios  * analyses of the empirical behavior of returns and credit risk  * the strengths and limitations of current practice in modeling  credit  risk  * practical issues in implementing credit modeling systems  application form :  credit risk modeling for financial institutions  london , february 27 - march 2 , 2000  this form may be completed and returned by email , or may be printed  and sent  by fax to :  stanford gsb executive education programs  fax number : 650 723 3950  you may also apply and see more detailed information by visiting our  web  site at :  http : / / www . gsb . stanford . edu / eep / crm  applications will be acknowledged upon receipt . if you have not  received an  acknowledgement within two weeks , please contact us .  please complete all sections . all information is kept strictly  confidential .  name :  put an x beside one , please : male : female :  citizenship :  job title :  company :  your company ' s main activity :  business mailing address :  business phone ( all codes please ) :  business fax :  email address :  home address :  home phone :  nickname for identification badge :  emergency contact name :  emergency contact phone :  title of person to whom you report :  your job responsibilities and experience related to this course :  ( please  provide a brief job summary here , or attach and send a biographical  summary  containing information relevant to your purpose and qualifications  for the  course . )  college or university education : please list , by degree :  college or university dates degree granted  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  please note :  all classes and discussions are conducted in english .  in order to reserve a place in the course , the program fee of  us $ 6 , 500 is  due upon notification of acceptance . this fee covers the tuition ,  most  meals , and all course materials ( including a proprietary manuscript  on  credit risk pricing and measurement ) . the program classes will be  held at  the lanesborough hotel at hyde park corner , london . hotel  accommodations  are not included .  our refund policy is available upon request .  please state the source from which you heard about this course :  name and date :  if you would like a hard copy brochure and application form , please  contact :  ( make sure to include your mailing address )  alicia steinaecker isero  program manager , executive education  stanford university  graduate school of business  stanford , ca 94305 - 5015  phone : 650 - 723 - 2922  fax : 650 - 723 - 3950  email : isero _ alicia @ gsb . stanford . edu ",0,executive program credit risk vince next time program offered ca october see let know think tanya isero alicia pm tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc subject executive program credit risk thank message yes offered california stanford october look website www gsb stanford edu exed click programs give information programs london stanford regards alicia steinaecker isero program manager executive education stanford university graduate school business stanford ca phone fax email isero alicia gsb stanford edu original message tanya tamarchenko smtp ttamarc ect enron com sent thursday january pm isero alicia gsb stanford edu subject executive program credit risk hi alicia work enron research would like take executive program credit risk trying find program going offered california soon date known please let know appreciate tanya tamarchenko pm tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc subject executive program credit risk document link tanya tamarchenko isero alicia pm credit risk mailing cc weidell anna sheehan alice bcc tanya tamarchenko hou ect subject executive program credit risk subject announcement executive program credit risk modeling credit risk modeling financial institutions february march london lanesborough hotel risk management specialists stanford business school professors finance darrell duffie kenneth singleton repeating successful executive program credit risk pricing risk management financial institutions course created risk managers research staff traders responsibility credit risk credit related products including bond loan portfolios otc derivative portfolios credit derivatives program includes valuation models corporate sovereign bonds defaultable otc derivatives credit derivatives models measuring credit risk correlation portfolios analyses empirical behavior returns credit risk strengths limitations current practice modeling credit risk practical issues implementing credit modeling systems application form credit risk modeling financial institutions london february march form may completed returned email may printed sent fax stanford gsb executive education programs fax number may also apply see detailed information visiting web site http www gsb stanford edu eep crm applications acknowledged upon receipt received acknowledgement within two weeks please contact us please complete sections information kept strictly confidential name put x beside one please male female citizenship job title company company main activity business mailing address business phone codes please business fax email address home address home phone nickname identification badge emergency contact name emergency contact phone title person report job responsibilities experience related course please provide brief job summary attach send biographical summary containing information relevant purpose qualifications course college university education please list degree college university dates degree granted please note classes discussions conducted english order reserve place course program fee us due upon notification acceptance fee covers tuition meals course materials including proprietary manuscript credit risk pricing measurement program classes held lanesborough hotel hyde park corner london hotel accommodations included refund policy available upon request please state source heard course name date would like hard copy brochure application form please contact make sure include mailing address alicia steinaecker isero program manager executive education stanford university graduate school business stanford ca phone fax email isero alicia gsb stanford edu
"Subject: confirming your attendance - oct . 19 / 20 - wharton  vince ,  we are delighted that you , christie ( and possibly mark palmer ) will be  attending our upcoming wharton impact conference on october 19 - 20 . the  final agenda is enclosed ( below ) - please note - unless we hear otherwise  from you , we will assume that you will be attending both the dinner on oct .  19 and the conference on oct . 20 .  this very timely event has generated enormous interest . we look forward to  your participation , and hope you will find this to be a valuable  insight - building experience .  please call or e - mail if you have any questions about any aspect of the  conference .  also - i ' ll look forward to hearing some stories of your exploits during  your recent trip to poland . must have been extremely interesting !  best regards ,  michael tomczyk  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  winners and losers in the e - commerce shakeout  thurs . oct . 19 ( dinner ) and fri . oct . 20 ( conference )  agenda  winners and losers in the e - commerce shakeout  thursday , october 19 , 2000 ( dinner )  friday , october 20 ( conference )  the wharton school - philadelphia , pa  jointly sponsored by the  william and phyllis mack center on managing technological innovation ,  wharton school  marketing science institute  wharton e - business initiative ( webi )  conference themes & objectives  e - commerce is heading inextricably and rapidly toward an inevitable  shakeout and consolidation that tends to characterize every major new  industry . this impact conference bringstogether a distinguished group of  industry and academic leaders to discuss what is required to survive the  e - commerce shakeout , and what it takes to be a "" winner "" when the shakeout  hits , full - force .  shakeouts are spawned in the boom - and - bust environment of hot emerging  markets . an unsustainable glut of competitors is attacted by the  contagious enthusiasm for the emerging technology . as competition  intensifies and falling prices put pressure on margins there is a wave of  ailures and mergers that removes the weaker players .  few ecommerce markets - - whether e - tailing online exchanges or others - - - will  be exempted from the forces that cause shakeouts . this conference will  combine lessons from markets that have experienced shakeouts , with the  latest thinking about the unique features of e - commerce , to identify  successful strategies for surviving a shakeout .  questions to be addressed include :  - are the patterns seen in previous shakeouts of high technology markets  applicable to ecommerce ? what are the early warning signs of an impending  shakeout ?  - which ecommerce markets are most susceptible to a shakeout ? will there  be single or multiple winners ?  - which companies are likely to survive ? what strategies will the winners  use ?  there is controversy and uncertainty about which factors will most  contribute to prospects for survival . how important are first mover  advantages and building brand equity ? what do incumbents have to do to  prevail ? which business models are most robust ? how important is the  ability to manage strategic partnerships ?  these issues will be addressed with a program that encourages active  dialogue and interaction and includes speakers from industry , academia and  wall street .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  agenda  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  dinner co - author of the best - selling books net  gain and net worth )  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  conference - riday , october 20  8 : 00 - 8 : 30 a  continental breakfast and  david reibstein , woodside prof . of marketing , wharton school and director ,  marketing science institute )  11 : 30 - 12 : 15 p  technology investing , 15 things that should be true  ( stephen j . andriole , senior vice president and chief technology officer ,  safeguard scientifics )  12 : 15 - 1 : 30  working lunch  participants will work in small groups . half the group will be asked to  select an ecommerce firm with a strong likelihood of winning and identify  the most important reasons for success ; the other half will be asked to do  the same for a firm that is likely to fail .  1 : 30 - 2 : 15  small group reports  2 : 15 - 3 : 00  finding a winning strategy  ( norman drapeau , chief executive officer of mro . com )  3 : 00 - 3 : 15 break  3 : 15 - 4 : 00  living through a consolidation  ( harry smilow , previously chief executive officer of telebank which is now  part of e * trade )  4 : 00 - 4 : 45  a view from wall street  ( henry blodget , first vice president and senior internet / e - commerce  analyst , merrill lynch )  4 : 45 - 5 : 00  sum up - what have we learned ? what do we need to learn ?  5 : 00 adjourn  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  directions to the event & accommodations :  the dinner will be held at the inn at penn which is located at 3600 sansom  street . there is also an entrance on walnut street between 36 h and 37 th .  the conference will be held in steinberg - dietrich hall which is located on  locust walk on the wharton campus in philadelphia . from the airport or  train station take a taxi to the intersection of 37 th street and walnut ,  walk left onto the campus ( there is a broad paved walkway leading into the  campus from that intersection ) . at the first intersection you will see a  life sized bronze status of ben franklin sitting on a park bench reading a  newspaper . turn left at this intersection and steinberg - dietrich hall is  the first building on the right . there is a broad entrance with several  doors . also , any student can direct you to this building . go inside and  take the staircase down to the right - - room 350 is on the lower ( basement )  level .  accommodations  overnight accommodations are available at the inn at penn which is across  the street from the campus ( tel 215 - 222 - 0200 - mention you are here for  the emerging tech conference on e - commerce shakeouts , to receive the  $ 164 / night wharton room rate ) . please make your reservations early because  the inn is often fully booked . we have reserved a set of rooms for this  event .  if you stay at another hotel in center city , most hotels ( rittenhouse ,  latham , ritz carlton ) are approximately 15 minutes by taxi from the campus .  there is also a sheraton approximately 3 blocks from the campus , on  chestnut st .  michael s . tomczyk  managing director  emerging technologies management research program  1400 sh - dh / 6371  the wharton school  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371  tel 215 - 573 - 7722  fax 215 - 573 - 2129  website : http : / / emertech . wharton . upenn . edu",0,confirming attendance oct wharton vince delighted christie possibly mark palmer attending upcoming wharton impact conference october final agenda enclosed please note unless hear otherwise assume attending dinner oct conference oct timely event generated enormous interest look forward participation hope find valuable insight building experience please call e mail questions aspect conference also look forward hearing stories exploits recent trip poland must extremely interesting best regards michael tomczyk winners losers e commerce shakeout thurs oct dinner fri oct conference agenda winners losers e commerce shakeout thursday october dinner friday october conference wharton school philadelphia pa jointly sponsored william phyllis mack center managing technological innovation wharton school marketing science institute wharton e business initiative webi conference themes objectives e commerce heading inextricably rapidly toward inevitable shakeout consolidation tends characterize every major new industry impact conference bringstogether distinguished group industry academic leaders discuss required survive e commerce shakeout takes winner shakeout hits full force shakeouts spawned boom bust environment hot emerging markets unsustainable glut competitors attacted contagious enthusiasm emerging technology competition intensifies falling prices put pressure margins wave ailures mergers removes weaker players ecommerce markets whether e tailing online exchanges others exempted forces cause shakeouts conference combine lessons markets experienced shakeouts latest thinking unique features e commerce identify successful strategies surviving shakeout questions addressed include patterns seen previous shakeouts high technology markets applicable ecommerce early warning signs impending shakeout ecommerce markets susceptible shakeout single multiple winners companies likely survive strategies winners use controversy uncertainty factors contribute prospects survival important first mover advantages building brand equity incumbents prevail business models robust important ability manage strategic partnerships issues addressed program encourages active dialogue interaction includes speakers industry academia wall street agenda dinner co author best selling books net gain net worth conference riday october continental breakfast david reibstein woodside prof marketing wharton school director marketing science institute p technology investing things true stephen j andriole senior vice president chief technology officer safeguard scientifics working lunch participants work small groups half group asked select ecommerce firm strong likelihood winning identify important reasons success half asked firm likely fail small group reports finding winning strategy norman drapeau chief executive officer mro com break living consolidation harry smilow previously chief executive officer telebank part e trade view wall street henry blodget first vice president senior internet e commerce analyst merrill lynch sum learned need learn adjourn directions event accommodations dinner held inn penn located sansom street also entrance walnut street h th conference held steinberg dietrich hall located locust walk wharton campus philadelphia airport train station take taxi intersection th street walnut walk left onto campus broad paved walkway leading campus intersection first intersection see life sized bronze status ben franklin sitting park bench reading newspaper turn left intersection steinberg dietrich hall first building right broad entrance several doors also student direct building go inside take staircase right room lower basement level accommodations overnight accommodations available inn penn across street campus tel mention emerging tech conference e commerce shakeouts receive night wharton room rate please make reservations early inn often fully booked reserved set rooms event stay another hotel center city hotels rittenhouse latham ritz carlton approximately minutes taxi campus also sheraton approximately blocks campus chestnut st michael tomczyk managing director emerging technologies management research program sh dh wharton school philadelphia pa tel fax website http emertech wharton upenn edu
"Subject: update on mg var model  hi vince ,  thanks for the e - mail . we have included live links to price curves through  reuters quotes via telerate bridge but we still have static curves for gold  and cocoa . kirstee is talking to andreas in ny to obtain position files on a  daily basis , addressing point 2 ) in your e - mail , as well as looking into  longer term integration issues . cantekin and i have agreed the correct  correlations for the metals between us , but cantekin is currently checking  the correlations for silver and gold . preliminary results based on positions  as of 19 th july are as follows :  we noticed that position mapping at the front months can change var  significantly .  as you stated , kirstee hewitt will now be assuming responsibility for further  modifications to the model on the london side and to this end i have ensured  that kirstee is put in touch with key personnel like andreas ( andreas will be  in the london office next week ) and has access to all the information she  needs .  regards ,  anjam ahmad  research  x 35383  spreadsheet :",0,update mg var model hi vince thanks e mail included live links price curves reuters quotes via telerate bridge still static curves gold cocoa kirstee talking andreas ny obtain position files daily basis addressing point e mail well looking longer term integration issues cantekin agreed correct correlations metals us cantekin currently checking correlations silver gold preliminary results based positions th july follows noticed position mapping front months change var significantly stated kirstee hewitt assuming responsibility modifications model london side end ensured kirstee put touch key personnel like andreas andreas london office next week access information needs regards anjam ahmad research x spreadsheet
"Subject: sacramento weather station  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000  09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  scott tholan @ enron  09 / 19 / 2000 07 : 57 pm  to : mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect , gary taylor / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : chris clark / na / enron @ enron  subject : sacramento weather station  hey guys ,  we ' re talking to a contractor ( s ) that can build us a weather station  ( hopefully very quickly ) for placement in sacramento , california . for a  variety of legal , contractor , and operational reasons , i need to confirm some  of the following requirements as soon as possible so we can proceed :  a ) you need rainfall , snowfall , and temperature measurement from one ,  high - accuracy commercially available weather station .  b ) you need a daily feed of this data to enron ' s weather desk : does this  mean one data dump at a set time per day ? alternatively , will you need to  check the data real - time , perhaps at varying and multiple times during the  day ?  c ) we will be installing this station near sacramento , california : we will  need to know exactly what areas in / near sacramento are suitable for the site  of the weather station . ( what again was the name of the town that you  mentioned mark ? ) in the interest of time , i recommend that your weather  expert accompany our landman to select the site , which will allow our landman  to more quickly lease and install the station .  d ) you desire to have some independent security measures to deter or detect  tampering . i suggest given the very short time fuse , that we first install  the station and then develop security measures .  e ) we will feed the data directly to the enron weather desk . will any other  parties require real - time access to this data ?  please forward responses directly to : chris clark / na / enron and myself .  thanks , scott",0,sacramento weather station fyi forwarded mike roberts hou ect scott tholan enron pm mark tawney hou ect ect gary taylor hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc chris clark na enron enron subject sacramento weather station hey guys talking contractor build us weather station hopefully quickly placement sacramento california variety legal contractor operational reasons need confirm following requirements soon possible proceed need rainfall snowfall temperature measurement one high accuracy commercially available weather station b need daily feed data enron weather desk mean one data dump set time per day alternatively need check data real time perhaps varying multiple times day c installing station near sacramento california need know exactly areas near sacramento suitable site weather station name town mentioned mark interest time recommend weather expert accompany landman select site allow landman quickly lease install station desire independent security measures deter detect tampering suggest given short time fuse first install station develop security measures e feed data directly enron weather desk parties require real time access data please forward responses directly chris clark na enron thanks scott
"Subject: re : short - sell vs exercise  chonawee ,  as i have pointed out , short - selling the stock may be a bad  decision because of tax implications ( ignoring the legal aspects ) .  suppose the strike is $ 70 and you were granted an atm option .  you sell short at $ 70 ten lots ( one lot = 100 shares ) . the price goes to  $ 100 .  you lose $ 30 x 1000 = $ 30 , 000 on your short position . option exercise  gives you $ 30 , 000 . this is before taxes . you pay taxes  on your option income ( it ' s treated as ordinary income ) . the tax is  28 % x $ 30 , 000 = $ 8 , 400 . you can use only $ 3 , 000 of your loss against  ordinary income . this saves you only $ 840 in taxes .  of course , if you have capital gains , you can use losses on your option  position  as an offset .  the remaining part of your capital loss is carried forward and you get the  tax benefits over time ( less the time value of money ) , assuming you have  income in the  future ( or capital gains ) .  not so good .  by the way , valuation and optimal exercise of employee stock options  is a very interesting and difficult problem .  vince  chonawee supatgiat @ enron  07 / 10 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : short - sell vs exercise  below is my writing that was originally planned to post somewhere . it  explains how to handle a special type of call options which can be exercised  but cannot be sold . ( as we know that it is never optimal to exercise a call  option before its maturity ) . however , after taking vince ' s comments on the  ordinary income / capital loss tax offsetting issue , i think this is not a good  article anymore . i guess i could just throw this article away . : - )  - chonawee  short - selling is better than exercising your employee stock options  in general , the sensible time to exercise your employee stock option is when  you speculate that ene is going down or its growth rate is extremely low . in  fact , when exercising the options , you are speculating that ene would never  reach this point ( plus interest ) again during the 10 years maturity date or  until you leave the company . if you do not anticipate that , you should hold  on to your options because you can gain higher profit by delaying your  exercise .  however , if you believe that ene is reaching its peak . then , instead of  exercising the options , you should short - sell ( or sell ) the stocks in that  amount . after short - selling , when you feel that the stock starts to go up ,  you can buy them back ( to cover ) , make profit , and still keep the options . on  the other hand , if the stock does not go down as expect , you can exercise the  options to cover your short position anytime .  let us take a look at a simple case where there are no taxes , no dividends ,  and zero risk - free rate . suppose that ene follows a simple sample path as  follow  if you exercise 100 ene options with a grant price of 45 when ene reaches 70 ,  you would earn ( 70 - 45 ) * 100 = $ 2 , 500 . but if you short sell 100 ene at 70 , no  matter how much ene is in the future , you can exercise the options to cover  the short position and still earn ( 70 - 45 ) * 100 = $ 2 , 500 . the advantage of  short - selling comes when ene at the period 2 is 60 . at this point , you can  cover your short position , get ( 70 - 60 ) * 100 = $ 1 , 000 , and still keep your  options or you can exercise the options and gain $ 2 , 500 . that is , you still  keep the flexibility of your options when you short - sell . in conclusion , the  only sensible time to exercise your employee stock options is to cover your  short position .",0,short sell vs exercise chonawee pointed short selling stock may bad decision tax implications ignoring legal aspects suppose strike granted atm option sell short ten lots one lot shares price goes lose x short position option exercise gives taxes pay taxes option income treated ordinary income tax x use loss ordinary income saves taxes course capital gains use losses option position offset remaining part capital loss carried forward get tax benefits time less time value money assuming income future capital gains good way valuation optimal exercise employee stock options interesting difficult problem vince chonawee supatgiat enron stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject short sell vs exercise writing originally planned post somewhere explains handle special type call options exercised sold know never optimal exercise call option maturity however taking vince comments ordinary income capital loss tax offsetting issue think good article anymore guess could throw article away chonawee short selling better exercising employee stock options general sensible time exercise employee stock option speculate ene going growth rate extremely low fact exercising options speculating ene would never reach point plus interest years maturity date leave company anticipate hold options gain higher profit delaying exercise however believe ene reaching peak instead exercising options short sell sell stocks amount short selling feel stock starts go buy back cover make profit still keep options hand stock go expect exercise options cover short position anytime let us take look simple case taxes dividends zero risk free rate suppose ene follows simple sample path follow exercise ene options grant price ene reaches would earn short sell ene matter much ene future exercise options cover short position still earn advantage short selling comes ene period point cover short position get still keep options exercise options gain still keep flexibility options short sell conclusion sensible time exercise employee stock options cover short position
"Subject: meeting with riskcare to discuss joint ventures ( michael curran ,  manuel rensink & richard haddow )  michael curran ( head of research ) , manuel rensink and richard haddow  ( director of technology services ) in attendance . contact number : 020 7562  3400",0,meeting riskcare discuss joint ventures michael curran manuel rensink richard haddow michael curran head research manuel rensink richard haddow director technology services attendance contact number
Subject: the delivery of the equipment you ordered is scheduled .  - - - automatic notification system ( request # : ecth - 4 rstt 6 )  requested for : vince j kaminski  requested by : shirley crenshaw  your order ( see below ) has been assigned to felix buitron . technician will  contact you for information and delivery time . please contact the technician  if you have any question .  en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop  en 6600 desktop p 3 - 600 10 gb 64 mb 32 x nt 4 . 0  en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop,0,delivery equipment ordered scheduled automatic notification system request ecth rstt requested vince j kaminski requested shirley crenshaw order see assigned felix buitron technician contact information delivery time please contact technician question en mb installed desktop en desktop p gb mb x nt en mb installed desktop
"Subject: pjm publishes list of 1000 contingencies  message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at  pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com :  to meet customer requests , pjm has published the pjm contingency list on the  web  site at www . pjm . com . the file can be found under pjm markets , market and  system  data , under lmp model information . the list contains the approximately 1000  contingencies existing in the pjm energy management system . the contingencies  are the possible occurrences against which pjm system operators must protect  the  transmission system .  please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer  relations and training , please send an e - mail to custsvc @ pjm . com .  to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com  containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail :  unsubscribe pjm - customer - info",0,pjm publishes list contingencies message sent pjm customer info mailing list pjm customer info majordomo pjm com meet customer requests pjm published pjm contingency list web site www pjm com file found pjm markets market system data lmp model information list contains approximately contingencies existing pjm energy management system contingencies possible occurrences pjm system operators must protect transmission system please reply message question pjm customer relations training please send e mail custsvc pjm com unsubscribe list send e mail majordomo majordomo pjm com containing following line body e mail unsubscribe pjm customer info
"Subject: re : lost cell telephone  thanks !  chris samaniego on 12 / 18 / 2000 03 : 06 : 09 pm  to : "" ' shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ' "" , enron  cc :  subject : re : lost cell telephone  request completed .  chris samaniego  account associate  houston cellular corporate accounts  petrochemical vertical  ( 713 ) 562 - 2995 cellular  ( 713 ) 345 - 7183 enron direct  ( 713 ) 646 - 2415 fax  enron @ houstoncellular . com e - mail  samaniec @ houstoncellular . com e - mail  samaniec @ bellsouthips . com interactive pager  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com [ smtp : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ]  > sent : monday , december 18 , 2000 2 : 19 pm  > to : enron  > subject : lost cell telephone  >  > hello :  >  > vince kaminski left his cell phone on the bus last friday . he has  > contacted  > the bus line , but the person in charge of the lost and found is not in the  > office today .  >  > if there any way that we can put a hold on this telephone until he can see  > whether it has been turned in or not ?  >  > the cell # is : 713 / 410 - 5396 and the account # is : 88563580 .  >  > please let me know as soon as possible .  >  > thanks !  >  > shirley crenshaw  > 3 - 5290  > ebl 961  > shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  >  >",0,lost cell telephone thanks chris samaniego pm shirley crenshaw enron com enron cc subject lost cell telephone request completed chris samaniego account associate houston cellular corporate accounts petrochemical vertical cellular enron direct fax enron houstoncellular com e mail samaniec houstoncellular com e mail samaniec bellsouthips com interactive pager original message shirley crenshaw enron com smtp shirley crenshaw enron com sent monday december pm enron subject lost cell telephone hello vince kaminski left cell phone bus last friday contacted bus line person charge lost found office today way put hold telephone see whether turned cell account please let know soon possible thanks shirley crenshaw ebl shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: re : grades  pam ,  another group :  stuart hamel  jed howard  brian nelson  b +  vince  pamela vande krol castro on 05 / 03 / 2001 08 : 58 : 24 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : grades  got them - thank you ! - pvc  at 05 : 21 pm 5 / 2 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > pam ,  >  > another team :  >  > elena chilkina  > robert j . guadette  > joseph helms  > kenneth jett  > todd litton  > mark westmoreland  >  >  > grade : a -  >  >  > vince kaminski",0,grades pam another group stuart hamel jed howard brian nelson b vince pamela vande krol castro vince j kaminski enron com cc subject grades got thank pvc pm wrote pam another team elena chilkina robert j guadette joseph helms kenneth jett todd litton mark westmoreland grade vince kaminski
"Subject: fwd : next tuesday at 9 am  for  immediate release  cal - bay ( stock symbol : cbyi )  watch for analyst "" strong buy recommendations "" and several advisory  newsletters picking cbyi . cbyi has filed to be traded on  theotcbb , share prices historically increase when companies get  listed on this larger tradingexhange . cbyi is trading around $ . 30 ?  and should skyrocket to $ 2 . 66 - $ 3 . 25 a share in the near future .  put cbyi on your watch list , acquire a postion  today .  reasons to invest in cbyi  a profitable company , no debt and is on track to beat all earnings  estimates with increased revenue of 50 % annually !  one of the fastest growing distributors in environmental safety  equipment instruments .  excellent management team , several exclusive  contracts . impressive client list including theu . s . air force ,  anheuser - busch , chevron refining and mitsubishi heavy industries ,  ge - energy environmental research .  rapidly growing industry  industry revenues exceed $ 900 million , estimates indicate that there  could be as much as $ 25 billion from "" smell technology "" by the end of  2003 .  ! ! ! ! congratulations  ! ! ! ! ! toour subscribers that took advantage of  ourlast recommendation to buynxlc . it rallied from $ 7 . 87  to $ 11 . 73 !  all removes honered . please allow 7  days to be removed and send all address to : honey 9531 @ mail . net . cn  certain statements contained in this news release may be  forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities  litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms  as "" expect "" , "" believe "" , "" may "" , "" will "" , and "" intend "" or similar terms . we are not  a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy  or sell securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies  profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn  of the profiled companies . we were paid $ 27 , 000 in cash by a third party to  publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of  this information is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an  investor , then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not  to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered  financial broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do additional  independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing  in the profiled companies . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk  securities may result in the loss of your entire investment . the owners of this publication may already own free trading shares in  cbyi and may immediately sell all or a portion of these shares into the open  market at or about the time this report is published . factual statements  are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice .  not intended for recipients or residents of ca , co , ct , de , id , il , ia , la , mo , nv , nc , ok , oh , pa , ri , tn , va , wa , wv , wi . void where  prohibited . copyright c 2001  * * * * *",1,fwd next tuesday immediate release cal bay stock symbol cbyi watch analyst strong buy recommendations several advisory newsletters picking cbyi cbyi filed traded theotcbb share prices historically increase companies get listed larger tradingexhange cbyi trading around skyrocket share near future put cbyi watch list acquire postion today reasons invest cbyi profitable company debt track beat earnings estimates increased revenue annually one fastest growing distributors environmental safety equipment instruments excellent management team several exclusive contracts impressive client list including theu air force anheuser busch chevron refining mitsubishi heavy industries ge energy environmental research rapidly growing industry industry revenues exceed million estimates indicate could much billion smell technology end congratulations toour subscribers took advantage ourlast recommendation buynxlc rallied removes honered please allow days removed send address honey mail net cn certain statements contained news release may forward looking statements within meaning private securities litigation reform act statements may identified terms expect believe may intend similar terms registered investment advisor broker dealer offer buy sell securities recommendation securities companies profiled purchased sold held individuals entities learn profiled companies paid cash third party publish report investing companies profiled high risk use information reading purposes anyone decides act investor investor sole risk investors advised invest without proper advisement attorney registered financial broker rely solely information presented additional independent research form opinion decision regarding investing profiled companies advised purchase high risk securities may result loss entire investment owners publication may already free trading shares cbyi may immediately sell portion shares open market time report published factual statements made date stated subject change without notice intended recipients residents ca co ct de id il ia la mo nv nc ok oh pa ri tn va wa wv wi void prohibited copyright c
"Subject: visit may 4 th  vince :  per susan ' s email below , do you want to go to the luncheon for john  hennessey ? she doesn ' t say where the lunch is going to be , did you  get an invite ?  the only thing you have that day is 9 : 00 am larry thorne and the  energy derivatives class at 11 : 30 .  let me know .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2001 11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 17 / 2001 10 : 47 : 38 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence  subject : visit may 4 th  hi shirley ,  thanks for corresponding with carol during my absence , and confirming our  meeting with vince kaminski at 1 : 30 on may 4 th . i have a question about  the logistics . i believe dr . kaminski has received an invitation to an  event in houston : new stanford president john hennessy is visiting a number  of cities on a "" welcome tour , "" and it just so happens he is hosting a  luncheon in houston on may 4 th . if dr . kaminski wants to attend the  hennessy welcome tour luncheon , donna lawrence and i could meet with him at  1 : 30 somewhere in the hotel . if he ' s not attending the presidential event ,  please let me know where you are located , and we ' ll plan travel time  accordingly .  regards ,  susan  susan c . hansen  director , corporate relations  school of engineering  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  ( 650 ) 725 - 4219",0,visit may th vince per susan email want go luncheon john hennessey say lunch going get invite thing day larry thorne energy derivatives class let know thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect susan c hansen shirley crenshaw enron com cc clovell stanford edu donna lawrence subject visit may th hi shirley thanks corresponding carol absence confirming meeting vince kaminski may th question logistics believe dr kaminski received invitation event houston new stanford president john hennessy visiting number cities welcome tour happens hosting luncheon houston may th dr kaminski wants attend hennessy welcome tour luncheon donna lawrence could meet somewhere hotel attending presidential event please let know located plan travel time accordingly regards susan susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca
"Subject: enjoy media ( ejym ) enters chinese tv advertising market  enjoy media ( ejym ) , a chinese media company , on fast growth track by signing up chinese advertising clients  enjoy media anticipates strong growth in 2005  jun 7 , 2005 6 : 00 : 00 am  copyright business wire 2005  hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 7 , 2005 - -  enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) ( www . enjoymedia . com ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , discusses about the company ' s objectives and planned prospects for the coming months .  the key initiatives for the company are :  expand the existing network of restaurants and cafes  increase the advertising sales revenue of the current printed media  acquire additional wait media businesses  enjoy media is a pioneer in the field of printed advertising media placed in restaurants in china . it supplies paper products , such as paper placemats , napkins and other displays , displaying advertisements , free of charge , to restaurants and cafes . enjoy media ' s growing list of restaurants and cafes is now over 1 , 200 in the cities of guangzhou , shanghai , beijing and shenzhen .  the printed media , termed wait media , showcases advertisements to customers while waiting for their food order and during their dining time . the restaurants and cafes in the enjoy media network , such as trendy cafes , western food restaurants and fast - food franchises , typically operate in multiple locations in high traffic areas , and attract young urban and white - collar customers . enjoy media keeps advertisers informed of customer profiles , and helps them to design and produce suitable advertisements .  mr . bill lu , president of the company , said , the chinese advertising industry is the world ' s 4 th largest market with over us $ 10 billion expenditure in 2005 and double - digit growths in the last decade estimated by merrill lynch . coupled with china ' s booming restaurant sales , which bloomberg reports to be estimated at us $ 106 billion with 18 % growth in 2005 , it is reasonable to expect enjoy media will benefit directly from china ' s phenomenal growth in advertising and dining spending . we are eager to extend our success to other cities in china leveraging our current first mover advantages . we also plan to expand our sales team to increase our advertiser base . these steps will likely bring a significant boost to enjoy media ' s revenue in 2005 and time ahead . we are at the same time looking for other ' wait media ' opportunities to complement our business .  about enjoy media holdings limited  enjoy media holdings limited ( enjoy media ) is an innovative media and advertising company based in guangzhou , china . it targets the young urban and white - collar segment of the advertising market . enjoy media supplies paper placemat , napkins and other displays that display advertisements , free of charges , to a network of over 1 , 200 cafes and restaurants in the cities of guangzhou , shanghai , beijing and shenzhen in china . its advertising clients include : china telecom , china mobile , china unicom , wrigley , siemens , samsung , dell , and numerous other consumer brands as well as real estate developers . enjoy media expects to grow its network of restaurants and cafes to more than 4 , 000 in the next 3 years .  for more information about enjoy media , please visit http : / / www . enjoymedia . com .  source : enjoy media holdings limited  enjoy media signed long term advertising client  jun 15 , 2005 7 : 00 : 00 am  copyright business wire 2005 hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2005 - -  enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , announced today that it has signed a ten - year advertising contract with showgood creation limited ( www . showgood . com ) . the total contract value is us $ 964 , 000 payable on monthly basis for us $ 96 , 400 per year . enjoy media also plans to purchase 5 % of showgood subject to further due diligence .  showgood is a creative media and entertainment production house , based in guangzhou , china . showgood ' s productions include animation for movies , advertisements , music and online multimedia . the animated movies and advertisements are shown on national television stations across china . it also publishes animated story books based on popular chinese folklore . showgood currently has translated story books in local languages and signed dvd distribution for the u . s . and thailand markets . its clients include coca - cola , motorola and yahoo ! china .  market conditions are becoming favorable for showgood as chinese audiences are increasingly interested in seeing locally made animations . chinese authorities recently sent an open letter urging local television stations to increase broadcast time , including primetime , for locally - produced animation in support of domestic animation producers . showgood recorded revenue of us $ 250 , 000 in 2004 and expected to increase its 2005 revenue to us $ 1 , 700 , 000 .  enjoy media signs up china travel service  jun 21 , 2005 6 : 00 : 00 am  copyright business wire 2005  hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 21 , 2005 - - enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , announced today that it has signed an advertising contract with china travel service ( guangdong ) limited ( www . gdcts . com ) ( cts ) . mr . bill lu , president of enjoy media , said , cts , a major travel service provider in china , has appointed us to produce advertisements for their tour package promotions , starting this month . the chinese travel industry , a us $ 36 billion market in 2004 , is set to grow significantly as the chinese government relaxed the international travel policy for its citizens at the start of 2005 to include more countries in southeast asia and europe . cts is planning more promotions to coincide with the new demands from chinese travelers . enjoy media can provide a highly - targeted audience for cts with our growing network .  cts is the leading travel service operator in southern china with 100 retail outlets and over 400 affiliated agencies . since its inception in 1990 , cts has grown tremendously providing reservations for hotel , airline , transportation and events , and has become one of the best - known travel brands in china . for four consecutive years , cts is one of the top six china ' s best international travel agencies and ranked first in guangdong province . in 2004 , cts served over one million customers , recorded revenue of us $ 96 million .  for more information about enjoy media visit www . enjoymedia . com  forward - looking statements :  certain statements contained in this press release are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . the statements contained herein that are not purely historical are forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended .  forward - looking statements deal with the company ' s current plans , intentions , beliefs and expectations and statements of future economic performance . statements containing terms like believes , does not believe , plans , expects , intends , estimates , anticipates and other phrases of similar meaning are considered to imply uncertainty and are forward - looking statements . contact :  enjoy media holdings limited  mr . zhongwen chen , ( 86 ) 20 - 87521812  ir @ enjoymedia . com  safe harbor statement  this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . elite equity marketing is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . elite equity marketing assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in ejym ' s financial or operating condition . as elite equity marketing has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . elite equity marketing accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . ejym will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of ten thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . elite equity marketing and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words "" may , "" "" would , "" "" will , "" "" expect , "" "" estimate , "" "" anticipate , "" "" believe , "" "" intend , "" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein .  elite equity marketing 321 york rd . 2 nd floor towson , md 21204 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,enjoy media ejym enters chinese tv advertising market enjoy media ejym chinese media company fast growth track signing chinese advertising clients enjoy media anticipates strong growth jun copyright business wire hong kong business wire june enjoy media holdings limited pink sheets ejym www enjoymedia com print media advertising services company china discusses company objectives planned prospects coming months key initiatives company expand existing network restaurants cafes increase advertising sales revenue current printed media acquire additional wait media businesses enjoy media pioneer field printed advertising media placed restaurants china supplies paper products paper placemats napkins displays displaying advertisements free charge restaurants cafes enjoy media growing list restaurants cafes cities guangzhou shanghai beijing shenzhen printed media termed wait media showcases advertisements customers waiting food order dining time restaurants cafes enjoy media network trendy cafes western food restaurants fast food franchises typically operate multiple locations high traffic areas attract young urban white collar customers enjoy media keeps advertisers informed customer profiles helps design produce suitable advertisements mr bill lu president company said chinese advertising industry world th largest market us billion expenditure double digit growths last decade estimated merrill lynch coupled china booming restaurant sales bloomberg reports estimated us billion growth reasonable expect enjoy media benefit directly china phenomenal growth advertising dining spending eager extend success cities china leveraging current first mover advantages also plan expand sales team increase advertiser base steps likely bring significant boost enjoy media revenue time ahead time looking wait media opportunities complement business enjoy media holdings limited enjoy media holdings limited enjoy media innovative media advertising company based guangzhou china targets young urban white collar segment advertising market enjoy media supplies paper placemat napkins displays display advertisements free charges network cafes restaurants cities guangzhou shanghai beijing shenzhen china advertising clients include china telecom china mobile china unicom wrigley siemens samsung dell numerous consumer brands well real estate developers enjoy media expects grow network restaurants cafes next years information enjoy media please visit http www enjoymedia com source enjoy media holdings limited enjoy media signed long term advertising client jun copyright business wire hong kong business wire june enjoy media holdings limited pink sheets ejym print media advertising services company china announced today signed ten year advertising contract showgood creation limited www showgood com total contract value us payable monthly basis us per year enjoy media also plans purchase showgood subject due diligence showgood creative media entertainment production house based guangzhou china showgood productions include animation movies advertisements music online multimedia animated movies advertisements shown national television stations across china also publishes animated story books based popular chinese folklore showgood currently translated story books local languages signed dvd distribution u thailand markets clients include coca cola motorola yahoo china market conditions becoming favorable showgood chinese audiences increasingly interested seeing locally made animations chinese authorities recently sent open letter urging local television stations increase broadcast time including primetime locally produced animation support domestic animation producers showgood recorded revenue us expected increase revenue us enjoy media signs china travel service jun copyright business wire hong kong business wire june enjoy media holdings limited pink sheets ejym print media advertising services company china announced today signed advertising contract china travel service guangdong limited www gdcts com cts mr bill lu president enjoy media said cts major travel service provider china appointed us produce advertisements tour package promotions starting month chinese travel industry us billion market set grow significantly chinese government relaxed international travel policy citizens start include countries southeast asia europe cts planning promotions coincide new demands chinese travelers enjoy media provide highly targeted audience cts growing network cts leading travel service operator southern china retail outlets affiliated agencies since inception cts grown tremendously providing reservations hotel airline transportation events become one best known travel brands china four consecutive years cts one top six china best international travel agencies ranked first guangdong province cts served one million customers recorded revenue us million information enjoy media visit www enjoymedia com forward looking statements certain statements contained press release forward looking statements involve risks uncertainties statements contained herein purely historical forward looking statements within meaning section securities act amended section e securities exchange act amended forward looking statements deal company current plans intentions beliefs expectations statements future economic performance statements containing terms like believes believe plans expects intends estimates anticipates phrases similar meaning considered imply uncertainty forward looking statements contact enjoy media holdings limited mr zhongwen chen ir enjoymedia com safe harbor statement report informational purposes neither solicitation buy offer sell securities investment low priced small micro cap stocks considered extremely speculative may result loss investment made companies elite equity marketing registered investment advisor broker dealer information opinions analysis contained herein based sources believed reliable representation expressed implied made accuracy completeness correctness opinions contained herein reflect current judgment subject change without notice elite equity marketing assumes responsibility updating information contained herein regardless change ejym financial operating condition elite equity marketing received compensation report benefit increase share price advertised company inherent conflict interest statements opinions elite equity marketing accepts liability losses arising investor reliance use report ejym require additional capital realize business plan continue going concern third party company paid amount ten thousand dollars transmission message elite equity marketing affiliates officers may buy hold sell common shares mentioned companies open market private transactions time without notice certain information included herein forward looking within context private securities litigation reform act including limited statements concerning manufacturing marketing growth expansion words may would expect estimate anticipate believe intend similar expressions variations thereof intended identify forward looking statements forward looking information involves important risks uncertainties could affect actual results cause differ materially expectations expressed herein elite equity marketing york rd nd floor towson md e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: re : ( no subject )  jana ,  "" cotton mary "" sounds good . it ' s a film by ismail merchant who collaborated  on "" a room with a view "" , "" howard ' s view "" , and other well known movies .  it ' s a story about two anglo - indian sisters .  vince  jlpnymex @ aol . com on 04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 02 : 45 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : ( no subject )  vince ,  the angelika has several movies that would be good . i am familiar with all  but one - - "" cotton mary . "" do you know anything about it ?  if you still haven ' t seen "" american beauty "" , that is fine with us . just let  me know what sounds good to you . we are flexible when it comes to movies .  jana",0,subject jana cotton mary sounds good film ismail merchant collaborated room view howard view well known movies story two anglo indian sisters vince jlpnymex aol com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject subject vince angelika several movies would good familiar one cotton mary know anything still seen american beauty fine us let know sounds good flexible comes movies jana
"Subject: re : informs national conference at san antonio  vince ,  could you please send me the title and a 50 - word abstract of your  presentation by the end of today ? i ' d like to forward them to the  organizer as soon as possible so that we could make it into the printed  conference program . thanks .  shijie  on thu , 28 sep 2000 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > shijie ,  >  > i would be interested in attending and giving a presentation .  >  > this would be also a good opportunity for both of us to meet  > and discuss the plans for closer cooperation .  >  > vince  >  >  > shijie deng on 09 / 25 / 2000 01 : 20 : 59 am  >  > to : vince kaminski  > cc : shijie deng  > subject : informs national conference at san antonio  >  >  >  > hi vince ,  >  > i ' ll be organizing a session at the informs national meeting in san  > antonio ( nov 5 - 8 , 2000 , http : / / www . informs . org / conf / sanantonio 2000 ) on  > modeling price volatility in electricity markets or financial engineering  > approaches . i ' m just wondering if you or some member of your research  > group would be interested in giving a presentation there . please let me  > know . thanks .  >  > best wishes ,  >  > shijie  >  > shi - jie deng  > assistant professor  > school of isye  > georgia institute of technology  >  > office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519  > e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  > home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,informs national conference san antonio vince could please send title word abstract presentation end today like forward organizer soon possible could make printed conference program thanks shijie thu sep vince j kaminski enron com wrote shijie would interested attending giving presentation would also good opportunity us meet discuss plans closer cooperation vince shijie deng vince kaminski cc shijie deng subject informs national conference san antonio hi vince organizing session informs national meeting san antonio nov http www informs org conf sanantonio modeling price volatility electricity markets financial engineering approaches wondering member research group would interested giving presentation please let know thanks best wishes shijie shi jie deng assistant professor school isye georgia institute technology office phone e mail deng isye gatech edu home page http www isye gatech edu deng
"Subject: re : invitation - wharton et events  i agree . if you are going to send an rsvp , i suggest it be you , me , and  christie patrick . if any of us drop out , we ' ll be able to fill the space .  mark",0,invitation wharton et events agree going send rsvp suggest christie patrick us drop able fill space mark
"Subject: re : power flow software question  thanks . i ' ll let walter know if he calls . i just wanted to make sure things  were done correctly .  martin  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 10 / 00 03 : 25 pm  to : martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , walter coffer / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : power flow software question  martin ,  it ' s ok for walter to use remaining hours . no real cost to enron ,  just the benefits .  vince  from : martin lin @ enron communications on 10 / 09 / 2000 03 : 06 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : power flow software question  walter coffer contacted me regarding whether we still have power flow  software available . we do have almost all of a 200 execution - hour license  for pss / e , which was purchased for the transmission congestion project last  summer . this was purchased by east power trading . should walter want to use  the remaining hours , who has authority to grant this ?  thanks ,  martin",0,power flow software question thanks let walter know calls wanted make sure things done correctly martin vince j kaminski ect pm martin lin contractor enron communications enron communications enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect walter coffer hou ect ect subject power flow software question martin ok walter use remaining hours real cost enron benefits vince martin lin enron communications pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject power flow software question walter coffer contacted regarding whether still power flow software available almost execution hour license pss e purchased transmission congestion project last summer purchased east power trading walter want use remaining hours authority grant thanks martin
"Subject: re : conference room  kevin  yes , it ' s a good idea .  vince  kevin g moore  02 / 18 / 2000 06 : 56 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : conference room  goodmorning vince ,  we added a bookcase to the conference room on the 19 th floor  however , due to the departments growth i think we could use  another one .  vince , in the long run it would save us some time .  please let me know if this is okay !  thanks  kevin  moore",0,conference room kevin yes good idea vince kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject conference room goodmorning vince added bookcase conference room th floor however due departments growth think could use another one vince long run would save us time please let know okay thanks kevin moore
"Subject: enron earth day "" trash bash ""  i encourage everybody very strongly to join other enron employees at this  event . it ' s a great opportunity  to contribute to the growth of our city and to make sure that enron is not  embarrassed if other energy companies show  up in strength .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 12 / 2001  11 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anita dupont @ enron  03 / 07 / 2001 02 : 37 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development ,  joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin  lu / hou / ect @ ect , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , osman  sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron ,  alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g  moore / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , jose  marquez / corp / enron @ enron , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh  ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , elena  chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , sofya  tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , gwyn  koepke / na / enron @ enron , hector campos / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , praveen  mellacheruvu / hou / ees @ ees , stephen bennett / na / enron @ enron , roman  zadorozhny / hou / ees @ ees , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , leann  walton / na / enron @ enron , shane green / hou / ees @ ees , seksan  kiatsupaibul / hou / ees @ ees , kate lucas / hou / ect @ ect , nelson  neale / na / enron @ enron , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , kenneth  parkhill / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , jason  sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , steve bigalow / na / enron @ enron , tom  barkley / na / enron @ enron , rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron , wnarongw @ enron . com ,  iris . mack @ enron . colm  cc :  subject : enron earth day "" trash bash ""  enron is hosting a special event on saturday , march 31 st . the first annual  enron "" trash bash "" to clean up the banks of buffalo bayou between shepherd  drive and sam houston park .  i am chairing the check - in team which consists of :  registering all of the volunteers  handing out enron t - shirts and caps  passing out gloves and garbage bags  making clean up section assignments  for anyone who might be interested in helping me , please call me at ext .  30329 .  also , we need a lot of volunteers to walk along buffalo bayou and pick up  trash . this would be a great family project , a good project for your childs  youth group or boy scout or girl scout troop . it will also be fun . they  will have live bands , lyou get an enron t - shirt and enron baseball cap , lunch  will be served at sam houston park and there are a lot of good door prizes .  if you want to volunteer for the "" trash bash "" clean up , just show up at sam  houston park on saturday , march 31 , 2001 , at 8 am to register . clean up  starts at 9 am and lunch will be served at 11 : 00 am and after lunch door  prizes will be drawn and then you can go home feeling like you have done your  part for houston ' s waterway environment .  i hope you will think about it and bring your friends , family , ect . and help  enron clean up the environment .  thanks , anita",0,enron earth day trash bash encourage everybody strongly join enron employees event great opportunity contribute growth city make sure enron embarrassed energy companies show strength vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect anita dupont enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect sandeep kohli enron development enron development joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect martin lin hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect osman sezgen hou ees ees paulo issler hou ect ect amitava dhar corp enron enron alex huang corp enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron kevin g moore hou ect ect william smith corp enron enron jose marquez corp enron enron chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron shalesh ganjoo hou ect ect tom halliburton corp enron enron elena chilkina corp enron enron sevil yaman corp enron enron sofya tamarchenko na enron enron bob lee na enron enron gwyn koepke na enron enron hector campos hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect youyi feng na enron enron praveen mellacheruvu hou ees ees stephen bennett na enron enron roman zadorozhny hou ees ees lance cunningham na enron enron leann walton na enron enron shane green hou ees ees seksan kiatsupaibul hou ees ees kate lucas hou ect ect nelson neale na enron enron rabi de na enron enron kenneth parkhill na enron enron jaesoo lew na enron enron jason sokolov hou ect ect steve bigalow na enron enron tom barkley na enron enron rakesh bharati na enron enron wnarongw enron com iris mack enron colm cc subject enron earth day trash bash enron hosting special event saturday march st first annual enron trash bash clean banks buffalo bayou shepherd drive sam houston park chairing check team consists registering volunteers handing enron shirts caps passing gloves garbage bags making clean section assignments anyone might interested helping please call ext also need lot volunteers walk along buffalo bayou pick trash would great family project good project childs youth group boy scout girl scout troop also fun live bands lyou get enron shirt enron baseball cap lunch served sam houston park lot good door prizes want volunteer trash bash clean show sam houston park saturday march register clean starts lunch served lunch door prizes drawn go home feeling like done part houston waterway environment hope think bring friends family ect help enron clean environment thanks anita
"Subject: parameter estimation  vince ,  i have put together a parameter estimation model , which is continuation of  tanya ' s model .  the estimation process is more consistent now . attached are the model and a  brief  write - up of the methods . if you see any problem / ways to improve it , please  let me know .  best ,  alex",0,parameter estimation vince put together parameter estimation model continuation tanya model estimation process consistent attached model brief write methods see problem ways improve please let know best alex
"Subject: the big unit  i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my  length from 2  to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl  my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she  thinks  it ' s natural - thomas , ca  pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit  realistic gains quickly  to be a stud  press here  when wearing this garment you will find it unnecessary to use the  electric tube except on rare occasions  oranjestad , aruba , po b  1200  so while they grow they cannot be said to really live , and they must be  picked before they can become good citizenshow long do you live , after  you are picked ? asked dorothy never allow revenge or animosity to influence  your conduct  men may threaten , but they can not injure you , so you must remember that  they do not possess your mighty advantages , and that , because of your  strength , you should bear with them patiently ",1,big unit using product months increased length nearly product saved sex life matt fl girlfriend loves results know thinks natural thomas ca pleasure partner every time bigger longer stronger unit realistic gains quickly stud press wearing garment find unnecessary use electric tube except rare occasions oranjestad aruba po b grow said really live must picked become good citizenshow long live picked asked dorothy never allow revenge animosity influence conduct men may threaten injure must remember possess mighty advantages strength bear patiently
"Subject: re : primary curves missing from factor loading  tanya ,  we are very close to generating factors for all primary curves . jin almost  get it done .  but we are still waiting on the expiration dates for those london curves . if  anyone can help , please help .  also , we have some curves that don ' t have futures . how to decide these  curves ' s expiration dates ?  matthew adams helped us deciding many curves expiration rules . but there are  still many primary curves that don ' t have expiration dates .  if no expiration dates , then there will be no factor loadings . whoever wants  to generate factor loadings then give us the expiration dates first ! : )  winston  tanya tamarchenko  09 / 21 / 2000 09 : 00 am  to : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , wenyao jia / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , rodrigo  lamas / lon / ect @ ect , xochitl figueroa / na / enron @ enron , manfred  roenz / corp / enron @ enron , christian lebroc / corp / enron @ enron , bjorn  hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , homan amiry / lon / ect @ ect , naveen  andrews / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : primary curves missing from factor loading  bjorn ,  you are absolutely right that we should run the factors for every primary  curve .  it has been working for a while on this .  the problem is data , as always ( missing price curves , zero prices , not  changing prices , etc . )  most of these problems come from london curves , so winston and jin yu are  debugging the code ,  fixing the problems for every curve .  winston ,  do you think we are ready to calculate factors for us curves ? ( while continue  working on the rest ) .  tanya  from : bjorn hagelmann  09 / 20 / 2000 10 : 06 pm  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , rodrigo  lamas / lon / ect @ ect , xochitl figueroa / na / enron , manfred roenz / corp / enron ,  christian lebroc / corp / enron , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , homan  amiry / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : primary curves missing from factor loading  tanya , naveen :  i am confused , i thought that when we identified primary curves they would  then have factors run against them . does this not distort what we are trying  to do with the primary and var ?  regards  bjorn h .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect on 20 / 09 / 2000  21 : 57 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  xochitl figueroa @ enron  20 / 09 / 2000 18 : 16  to : manfred roenz / corp / enron @ enron , christian lebroc / corp / enron @ enron , homan  amiry / lon / ect @ ect  cc : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : primary curves missing from factor loading  i am in the same situation as manfred . i have one primary curve for southern  cone gas and one for southern cone power and i am not getting factors for  either . for my power curves i am getting wti factors and for gas i am  getting ng factors .  but i do agree with you manfred , i think all the primary curves should have  their own factor loadings .  xochitl  manfred roenz  09 / 20 / 2000 05 : 33 pm  to : christian lebroc / corp / enron @ enron , xochitl figueroa / na / enron @ enron , homan  amiry / lon / ect @ ect  cc : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : primary curves missing from factor loading  christian ,  at least you have 2 curves that you get factors for . i get none . i have  four primary curves for coal but factors from nbsk are used . in emissions i  have one primary curve but wti factors are used . i think all the primary  curves should have their own factor loadings . xochitl , what factors are used  for your primary curves ?  manfred  from : christian lebroc 09 / 20 / 2000 11 : 28 am  to : homan amiry / lon / ect @ ect , manfred roenz / corp / enron @ enron , xochitl  figueroa / na / enron @ enron  cc : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect  subject : primary curves missing from factor loading  i was in the process of setting up sunil ' s template for calculating  co - variance on all liquids primary curves using the "" factor loading "" data .  unfortunately , i did not get very far , because i noticed that the factor  loading table contains only 2 ( wti & hu ) out of 13 liquids primary curves . i  am concern that liquids var could conceivably be over or understated due to  the absence of 11 other curves which are listed below . please verify your  perspective commodity desk on this issue .  61 ny  brent  c 2 gc  c 3 gc  c 5 xt  condensate  dubaicrude  ic 4  mtbe  nc 4  nxho  christian",0,primary curves missing factor loading tanya close generating factors primary curves jin almost get done still waiting expiration dates london curves anyone help please help also curves futures decide curves expiration dates matthew adams helped us deciding many curves expiration rules still many primary curves expiration dates expiration dates factor loadings whoever wants generate factor loadings give us expiration dates first winston tanya tamarchenko bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect wenyao jia hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect kirstee hewitt lon ect ect rodrigo lamas lon ect ect xochitl figueroa na enron enron manfred roenz corp enron enron christian lebroc corp enron enron bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect homan amiry lon ect ect naveen andrews corp enron enron subject primary curves missing factor loading bjorn absolutely right run factors every primary curve working problem data always missing price curves zero prices changing prices etc problems come london curves winston jin yu debugging code fixing problems every curve winston think ready calculate factors us curves continue working rest tanya bjorn hagelmann pm tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect naveen andrews corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect kirstee hewitt lon ect ect rodrigo lamas lon ect ect xochitl figueroa na enron manfred roenz corp enron christian lebroc corp enron bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect homan amiry lon ect ect subject primary curves missing factor loading tanya naveen confused thought identified primary curves would factors run distort trying primary var regards bjorn h forwarded bjorn hagelmann hou ect xochitl figueroa enron manfred roenz corp enron enron christian lebroc corp enron enron homan amiry lon ect ect cc bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect subject primary curves missing factor loading situation manfred one primary curve southern cone gas one southern cone power getting factors either power curves getting wti factors gas getting ng factors agree manfred think primary curves factor loadings xochitl manfred roenz pm christian lebroc corp enron enron xochitl figueroa na enron enron homan amiry lon ect ect cc bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect subject primary curves missing factor loading christian least curves get factors get none four primary curves coal factors nbsk used emissions one primary curve wti factors used think primary curves factor loadings xochitl factors used primary curves manfred christian lebroc homan amiry lon ect ect manfred roenz corp enron enron xochitl figueroa na enron enron cc bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect subject primary curves missing factor loading process setting sunil template calculating co variance liquids primary curves using factor loading data unfortunately get far noticed factor loading table contains wti hu liquids primary curves concern liquids var could conceivably understated due absence curves listed please verify perspective commodity desk issue ny brent c gc c gc c xt condensate dubaicrude ic mtbe nc nxho christian
"Subject: internal var / credit candidate : amit bartarya  hi vince ,  here is one internal candidate for the var / credit risk role . i have had  plenty of contact with him over the past year or so and he is very hard  working , intelligent and dedicated and has expressed interest in joining  research on a few occassions .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  as promised earlier , here is a copy of my cv :  if you have any questions , feel free to ask .  thanks ,  amit .",0,internal var credit candidate amit bartarya hi vince one internal candidate var credit risk role plenty contact past year hard working intelligent dedicated expressed interest joining research occassions regards anjam x promised earlier copy cv questions feel free ask thanks amit
"Subject: managing director and vice president elections  the managing director prc committee met this week to elect individuals to  managing director and vice president positions . these employees are  recognized as outstanding contributors to the organization , whose individual  efforts have been instrumental in the continued success and growth of the  company . we are pleased to announce the election of the following new  managing directors and vice presidents . please join us in congratulating  these individuals on their new appointments .  managing director  ) commercial  phillip k . allen , ena ( ews ) west gas trading - houston  franklin r . bay , ebs entertainment on demand - houston  timothy n . belden , ena ( ews )  ) west power trading - portland  michael r . brown , eel  ) executive - london  christopher f . calger , ena ( ews ) west power origination - portland  joseph m . deffner , ena ( ews ) treasury & funding - houston  timothy j . detmering , ena ( ews ) corporate development - houston  william d . duran , ena ( ews ) generation investments - houston  robert s . gahn , ees commodity structuring - houston  kevin c . garland , ebs broadband ventures - houston  ben f . glisan , jr . , corporate  ) global equity markets - houston  robert e . hayes , ets comm marketing - houston  phillip r . milnthorp , ena ( ews ) canada origination & trading - calgary  managing director  ) commercial support  sally w . beck , enw ( ews ) energy operations management - houston  fernley dyson , eel finance & support services - london  vice president  ) commercial  gregory adams , ees mmc management - houston  robert bayley , eel - uk origination  ) london  jack d . boatman , ets market development  ) houston  rhenn cherry , ees assets / labor  ) houston  niamh clarke , egm ( ews ) liquids trading  ) london  peter crilly , eel - uk origination  ) london  derek j . davies , ena ( ews ) canada origination  ) calgary  mark d . davis , jr . , ena ( ews ) east power trading  ) houston  charles delacey , corporate finance  ) houston  paul devries , ena ( ews ) canada origination  ) toronto  christopher h . foster , ena ( ews ) west power trading  ) portland  jeffrey f . golden , ees corporate development  ) houston  michael d . grigsby , ena west gas trading group - houston  troy a . henry , ees bundled sales - heavy industrial  ) houston  rogers herndon , ena ( ews ) east power trading  ) houston  james w . lewis , ees underwriting  ) houston  christopher mahoney , egm ( ews ) liquids trading  ) london  andrew marsden , ebs broadband ventures  ) london  john mcclain , ebs broadband wholesale origination  ) houston  kevin j . mcgowan , egm ( ews ) american coal  ) houston  albert e . mcmichael , jr . , ena ( ews ) gas commodity structuring  ) houston  ermes i . melinchon , central america origination  ) houston  steven r . meyers , ees consumption  ) houston  lloyd d . miller , ena ( ews ) portfolio management  ) houston  michael a . miller , wind development / execution - general administration  )  houston  marcello romano , ebs eel - broadband trading  ) london  david a . samuels , enw ( ews ) enrononline - houston  per a . sekse , egm ( ews ) global risk markets  ) new york  edward s . smida , ebs video on demand  ) houston  mark tawney , egm ( ews ) weather trading  ) houston  jon thomsen , ebs business development  ) latin america / canada  ) portland  barry l . tycholiz , ena ( ews ) west gas origination - houston  frank w . vickers , ena ( ews ) east gas origination  ) houston  amit walia , corporate , corporate development  ) houston  william white , ebs global bandwidth risk mgmt  ) houston  jonathan whitehead , eel ea trading  ) japan  mark whitt , ena ( ews ) west gas origination  ) denver  john a . zufferli , ena ( ews ) canada power trading - calgary  vice president  ) commercial support  beth apollo , eel financial operations executive  ) london  marla barnard , ebs human resources  ) houston  karen l . denne , corporate , public relations  ) houston  georganne m . hodges , ena ( ews ) trading , origination & power plant accounting   ) houston  phillip lord , eel transaction support  ) london  peggy mahoney , ees marketing  ) communication  ) houston  steven montovano , corporate , government & regulatory affairs  ) dublin  laura scott , ena ( ews ) canada accounting  ) calgary  richard c . sherman , ena ( ews ) transaction support  ) houston  gregory w . stubblefield , ees financial planning & reporting  ) houston  dennis d . vegas , calme international public relations  ) houston  vice president  ) specialized technical  sami arap sobrinho , esa ( ews ) legal  ) houston  merat bagha , ebs sales engineering  ) houston  justin boyd , eel legal  ) london  mary nell browning , ebs legal  ) london  jonathan chapman , eel legal  ) london  robert d . eickenroht , corporate , legal  ) houston  mark evans , eel legal  ) london  david forster , enw ( ews ) enrononline  ) houston  janine juggins , eel tax  ) london  peter c . keohane , ena ( ews ) canada legal  ) calgary  pinnamaneni v . krishnarao , ena ( ews ) research group  ) houston  travis c . mccullough , ena ( ews ) finance origination , mergers / acquisitions  )  houston  michael popkin , esa ( ews ) sa - risk management / network integration  ) houston  elizabeth a . sager , ena ( ews ) physical trading  ) houston  richard b . sanders , ena ( ews ) litigation  ) houston  john w . schwartzenburg , eecc legal  ) houston  michael d . smith , ees legal  ) houston  marcus vonbock und polach , eel legal  ) london  jay c . webb , enw ( ews ) enrononline systems  ) houston  vice president  ) technical  donald r . hawkins , ets quality management  ) houston  john r . keller , ets engineering & construction  ) houston",0,managing director vice president elections managing director prc committee met week elect individuals managing director vice president positions employees recognized outstanding contributors organization whose individual efforts instrumental continued success growth company pleased announce election following new managing directors vice presidents please join us congratulating individuals new appointments managing director commercial phillip k allen ena ews west gas trading houston franklin r bay ebs entertainment demand houston timothy n belden ena ews west power trading portland michael r brown eel executive london christopher f calger ena ews west power origination portland joseph deffner ena ews treasury funding houston timothy j detmering ena ews corporate development houston william duran ena ews generation investments houston robert gahn ees commodity structuring houston kevin c garland ebs broadband ventures houston ben f glisan jr corporate global equity markets houston robert e hayes ets comm marketing houston phillip r milnthorp ena ews canada origination trading calgary managing director commercial support sally w beck enw ews energy operations management houston fernley dyson eel finance support services london vice president commercial gregory adams ees mmc management houston robert bayley eel uk origination london jack boatman ets market development houston rhenn cherry ees assets labor houston niamh clarke egm ews liquids trading london peter crilly eel uk origination london derek j davies ena ews canada origination calgary mark davis jr ena ews east power trading houston charles delacey corporate finance houston paul devries ena ews canada origination toronto christopher h foster ena ews west power trading portland jeffrey f golden ees corporate development houston michael grigsby ena west gas trading group houston troy henry ees bundled sales heavy industrial houston rogers herndon ena ews east power trading houston james w lewis ees underwriting houston christopher mahoney egm ews liquids trading london andrew marsden ebs broadband ventures london john mcclain ebs broadband wholesale origination houston kevin j mcgowan egm ews american coal houston albert e mcmichael jr ena ews gas commodity structuring houston ermes melinchon central america origination houston steven r meyers ees consumption houston lloyd miller ena ews portfolio management houston michael miller wind development execution general administration houston marcello romano ebs eel broadband trading london david samuels enw ews enrononline houston per sekse egm ews global risk markets new york edward smida ebs video demand houston mark tawney egm ews weather trading houston jon thomsen ebs business development latin america canada portland barry l tycholiz ena ews west gas origination houston frank w vickers ena ews east gas origination houston amit walia corporate corporate development houston william white ebs global bandwidth risk mgmt houston jonathan whitehead eel ea trading japan mark whitt ena ews west gas origination denver john zufferli ena ews canada power trading calgary vice president commercial support beth apollo eel financial operations executive london marla barnard ebs human resources houston karen l denne corporate public relations houston georganne hodges ena ews trading origination power plant accounting houston phillip lord eel transaction support london peggy mahoney ees marketing communication houston steven montovano corporate government regulatory affairs dublin laura scott ena ews canada accounting calgary richard c sherman ena ews transaction support houston gregory w stubblefield ees financial planning reporting houston dennis vegas calme international public relations houston vice president specialized technical sami arap sobrinho esa ews legal houston merat bagha ebs sales engineering houston justin boyd eel legal london mary nell browning ebs legal london jonathan chapman eel legal london robert eickenroht corporate legal houston mark evans eel legal london david forster enw ews enrononline houston janine juggins eel tax london peter c keohane ena ews canada legal calgary pinnamaneni v krishnarao ena ews research group houston travis c mccullough ena ews finance origination mergers acquisitions houston michael popkin esa ews sa risk management network integration houston elizabeth sager ena ews physical trading houston richard b sanders ena ews litigation houston john w schwartzenburg eecc legal houston michael smith ees legal houston marcus vonbock und polach eel legal london jay c webb enw ews enrononline systems houston vice president technical donald r hawkins ets quality management houston john r keller ets engineering construction houston
Subject: mark keeter presentation - proposal - solution  the july 6 th meeting from 2 : 30 till 4 : 30 is being held in eb 45 cl,0,mark keeter presentation proposal solution july th meeting till held eb cl
"Subject: visiting enron may 4 th  christie ,  fyi . a message i received from stanford .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001  11 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 14 : 10 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence ,  hillh @ stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu  subject : visiting enron may 4 th  dear vince ,  this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us  on may 4 th .  i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my  assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for  scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to  meet with christie patrick as well .  looking forward to meeting you ,  susan  at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > susan ,  >  > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the  > 4 th .  > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to  > set up the meeting .  >  > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to  > coordinate enron ' s  > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is  > christie patrick .  > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall  > coordinate the meeting  > on may the 4 th with her .  >  > vince  >  >  > additional information re christie :  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117  >  > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  >  >  >  >  >  > "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : visit from stanford ?  >  >  > dear dr . kaminski ,  >  > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations  > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am  > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies  > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions .  >  > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with  > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for  > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip  > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the  > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to  > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday ,  > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip  > planning .  >  > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship  > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities  > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best  > points of contact .  >  > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability ,  >  > sincerely ,  > susan hansen  >  >  >  >  > susan c . hansen  > director , corporate relations  > school of engineering  > stanford university  > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219  susan c . hansen  director , corporate relations  school of engineering  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  ( 650 ) 725 - 4219",0,visiting enron may th christie fyi message received stanford vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect susan c hansen pm vince j kaminski enron com cc clovell stanford edu donna lawrence hillh stanford edu bambos stanford edu subject visiting enron may th dear vince great news donna delighted time see us may th office next week copy email assistant carol lovell ask get touch shirley scheduling well directions meet glad meet christie patrick well looking forward meeting susan pm wrote susan thank message shall glad meet may th shall ask assistant shirley crenshaw call set meeting also information recently set special unit coordinate enron relationships universities person running unit christie patrick please feel free contact give name reference shall coordinate meeting may th vince additional information christie phone email christie patrick enron com susan c hansen pm vkamins enron com cc subject visit stanford dear dr kaminski let briefly introduce director corporate relations school engineering stanford university role always watch ways bring faculty together companies appetite engagement top tier research institutions believe know hill huntington senior researcher stanford energy modeling forum suggested get touch ideas contacts enron process planning trip texas early may along colleague donna lawrence university director corporate relations hoping able include stop enron itinerary right appears friday may th would work best us beginning trip planning purpose visit would review current relationship enron stanford give overview current priorities school engineering ask help identifying best points contact look forward hearing availability sincerely susan hansen susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca
"Subject: storage book / luken ' s storage model  please plan to attend a meeting on thursday , april 27 , from 3 : 00 - 5 : 00 p . m .  to discuss luken ' s storage model and , more importantly , where we want to go  with a storage book . this meeting will be in eb - 30 cl .  any questions , contact mark breese ( ext . 3 - 6751 ) or gerri irvine ( ext .  3 - 6145 ) .",0,storage book luken storage model please plan attend meeting thursday april p discuss luken storage model importantly want go storage book meeting eb cl questions contact mark breese ext gerri irvine ext
"Subject: eol stuff  vince -  i spoke with tom , and i completely agree and would like to hand all this eol stuff over to you .  we need a sun server to take over the task . as it happens martin lin has one in his office he ' s not using and up to the task . his box could serve sas to enron , as well as handle listening in on the eol feedds and maintaining its database .  martin ' s box technically belongs to ebs , but i think they are downsizing and wouldn ' t mind giving it up .  in this way , you would have complete physical and administrative custody over the data and any work you do with it . i needn ' t be involved , and you can know your work is completely confidential .  i ' ll make sas and the eol software available , as well as the necessary ram the server , at no charge . you just need to summon up some sysadmin resources to finish the job . there is a fine unix guy named ben thompson who will support you , i ' m sure .  task :  1 ) upgrade ram on martin ' s server  2 ) install newest solaris os on server  3 ) install tibco and gnu software on server  4 ) install sas on server  clayton",0,eol stuff vince spoke tom completely agree would like hand eol stuff need sun server take task happens martin lin one office using task box could serve sas enron well handle listening eol feedds maintaining database martin box technically belongs ebs think downsizing mind giving way would complete physical administrative custody data work involved know work completely confidential make sas eol software available well necessary ram server charge need summon sysadmin resources finish job fine unix guy named ben thompson support sure task upgrade ram martin server install newest solaris os server install tibco gnu software server install sas server clayton
"Subject: all star break special : get a flag to support your favorite team -  free shipping  armstrong flag company  free shipping free car flag  ( min . order $ 35 . 00 )  5 ' white pole w / mounting bracket  $ 24 . 00 ea  order today  armstrong flag company 20 park st . winchester , ma 01890 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,star break special get flag support favorite team free shipping armstrong flag company free shipping free car flag min order white pole w mounting bracket ea order today armstrong flag company park st winchester e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: please keep in touch  hi ,  just like to say that it has been great meeting and working with you all . i  will be leaving enron effective july 5 th to do investment banking in hong  kong . i will initially be based in new york and will be moving to hong kong  after a few months . do contact me when you are in the vicinity . i don ' t  know my contact details yet and would let you know once i get it . in the  meantime , i will always be checking my e - mail at royibasco @ yahoo . com . please  let me know what your e - mail addresses are and keep in touch !  best regards ,  roy",0,please keep touch hi like say great meeting working leaving enron effective july th investment banking hong kong initially based new york moving hong kong months contact vicinity know contact details yet would let know get meantime always checking e mail royibasco yahoo com please let know e mail addresses keep touch best regards roy
"Subject: re : summer internship  dr . kaminski ,  thank you very much .  of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity  to work at such a wonderful company .  i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team ,  and was going to express my appreciation to you again  after settling down process with them .  for the period of working ,  i still need to coordinate with my advisor and  may need to adjust according to that .  but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly .  please let me know whether i should keep contacting  with deal bench team ,  for working period and  for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc .  i appreciate you so much again ,  for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity .  all this opportunity will not be available to me ,  without your kind help .  warm regards ,  jinbaek  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' "" ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > hello ,  >  > sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship .  >  > please , let me know if you are interested .  >  > vince kaminski  >  >",0,summer internship dr kaminski thank much course happy opportunity work wonderful company contacting surech raghavan deal bench team going express appreciation settling process period working still need coordinate advisor may need adjust according anyway try coordinate smoothly please let know whether keep contacting deal bench team working period misc living support finding place rent car etc appreciate much arranging meetings giving opportunity opportunity available without kind help warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote hello sorry delay getting back would like much offer summer internship please let know interested vince kaminski
"Subject: re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit  ehud ,  june 22 works for me . do you want to firm it up ?  vince  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 05 / 25 / 2000 06 : 45 : 49 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit  vince ,  many thanks for your e - mail .  > what about june 22 ? i have several trips in between may 25 and june 22 .  i thank you for the invitation . may i at this time acquire an "" option "" to  visit on that date , with the finalization of the visit ' s timing to be  completed early next month ?  thanks and best regards ,  ehud  ehud i . ronn  department of finance  college and graduate school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,prospective houston visit ehud june works want firm vince ehud ronn pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject prospective houston visit vince many thanks e mail june several trips may june thank invitation may time acquire option visit date finalization visit timing completed early next month thanks best regards ehud ehud ronn department finance college graduate school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: non - disclosure agreement  p . o . box 2227  livermore , california 94550  april 4 , 2001  dr . vince j . kaminski  vice - president of research  enron corporation  p . o . box 1188  huston , texas 77251  vince ,  i have cleared my calendar , and i am looking forward to meeting with you  in houston on may 4 th .  transmitted herewith is the agreement that you requested .  thanks . have a great weekend .  larry thorne  attachments : non - disclosure agreement  - non - disclosure agreement . pdf",0,non disclosure agreement p box livermore california april dr vince j kaminski vice president research enron corporation p box huston texas vince cleared calendar looking forward meeting houston may th transmitted herewith agreement requested thanks great weekend larry thorne attachments non disclosure agreement non disclosure agreement pdf
"Subject: anjam  vince ,  let me know when you ' ve talked to anjam about moving to houston . i need to  do his performance review this week and it would be good to get this on the  table with him before then .  thanks  - dale",0,anjam vince let know talked anjam moving houston need performance review week would good get table thanks dale
"Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender  this message was created automatically by mail delivery software .  a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its  recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed :  ian @ altair 398 . demon . co . uk  ( generated from ian @ altair . org . uk )  smtp error from remote mail server after end of data :  host punt - 1 . mail . demon . net [ 194 . 217 . 242 . 75 ] : 550 blocked by recipient ' s spam filter options . if message is legitimate , please forward a copy to rbl @ demon . net for investigation .  - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - -  return - path :  received : from [ 203 . 101 . 127 . 76 ] ( helo = mailwisconsin . com )  by uk 2 mxarray 4 . uk 2 . net with smtp ( exim 4 . 52 )  id ldupou - 0005 qz - te  for ian @ altair . org . uk ; tue , 19 jul 2005 11 : 59 : 30 + 0100  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360592 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : ian @ altair . org . uk  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  x - sa - exim - connect - ip : 203 . 101 . 127 . 76  x - sa - exim - mail - from : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org  subject : just to her . . .  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - spam - checker - version : spamassassin 3 . 0 . 4 ( 2005 - 06 - 05 ) on  uk 2 mxserver 4 - 1 . uk 2 . net  x - spam - level : * * *  x - spam - status : no , score = 3 . 3 required = 99 . 0 tests = drugs _ erectile , drug _ dosage ,  html _ 50 _ 60 , html _ message , info _ tld , mime _ html _ only autolearn = no  version = 3 . 0 . 4  x - sa - exim - version : 4 . 0 ( built sat , 24 jul 2004 09 : 53 : 34 + 0200 )  x - sa - exim - scanned : yes ( on uk 2 mxarray 4 . uk 2 . net )  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie !",1,mail delivery failed returning message sender message created automatically mail delivery software message sent could delivered one recipients permanent error following address es failed ian altair demon co uk generated ian altair org uk smtp error remote mail server end data host punt mail demon net blocked recipient spam filter options message legitimate please forward copy rbl demon net investigation copy message including headers return path received helo mailwisconsin com uk mxarray uk net smtp exim id ldupou qz te ian altair org uk tue jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul barry castillo ian altair org uk user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version x priority normal importance normal x sa exim connect ip x sa exim mail projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org subject content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x spam checker version spamassassin uk mxserver uk net x spam level x spam status score required tests drugs erectile drug dosage html html message info tld mime html autolearn version x sa exim version built sat jul x sa exim scanned yes uk mxarray uk net soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbelivabie
"Subject: re : hello  molly ,  kim watson would like us to bring jacob for another interview .  we can do it later this week .  vince  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001  02 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 09 : 17 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : hello  hi vince ,  if you are still interested in bringing back this gentleman back for another  interview , i would very much like to meet with him . sean talked with him  when you brought him in a few weeks ago and he thought it would be a good  idea for me to meet with him so we can compare thoughts .  thanks , kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 1 : 21 pm  to : watson , kimberly  cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; kaminski , vince  subject : re : hello  kim ,  this is a letter from one of the job applicants who works for pros .  it seems that the system they develop for williams  is more a scheduling system .  would you like to ask him to come back for another interview ,  to get more information out of him ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001  01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" jacob y . kang "" on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 18 : 44 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : hello  dear vince :  it was so nice meeting and talking with you too . i did  not take any pen back , i lost my pen too somewhere in  enron .  as i mentioned to you , after i got my ph . d in 1999 , i  have been working two years as lead scientist and  science manager in energy division at pros revenue  management inc . in houston .  i developed and implemented the mathematical models  for trading optimization system and firm  transportation optimization system .  the trading optimization system becomes the most  popular product in the industry this year . duke energy  just signed the contract to buy this product  yesterday . conoco and williams also signed the  contracts for it . according to pros sales department ,  the potential marketer to buy this product exceeds 15  companies in one or two years .  enron is the ideal place for me to continue my  research and system developing efforts to combine  revenue management with risk management . i am  confident that i can make significant contributions to  enron in this area .  i would like to thank you again for giving me this  opportunity to come to enron for this interview . i am  looking forward to having the opportunity to work in  enron .  sincerely yours  jacob  - - - vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > jacob ,  >  > it was nice meeting you . did take by any chance  > my pen ? if not , i apologize .  >  > vince  >  do you yahoo ! ?  get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail .  http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com /",0,hello molly kim watson would like us bring jacob another interview later week vince vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm kimberly watson enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject hello hi vince still interested bringing back gentleman back another interview would much like meet sean talked brought weeks ago thought would good idea meet compare thoughts thanks kim original message kaminski vince sent monday april pm watson kimberly cc krishnarao pinnamaneni kaminski vince subject hello kim letter one job applicants works pros seems system develop williams scheduling system would like ask come back another interview get information vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm jacob kang pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject hello dear vince nice meeting talking take pen back lost pen somewhere enron mentioned got ph working two years lead scientist science manager energy division pros revenue management inc houston developed implemented mathematical models trading optimization system firm transportation optimization system trading optimization system becomes popular product industry year duke energy signed contract buy product yesterday conoco williams also signed contracts according pros sales department potential marketer buy product exceeds companies one two years enron ideal place continue research system developing efforts combine revenue management risk management confident make significant contributions enron area would like thank giving opportunity come enron interview looking forward opportunity work enron sincerely jacob vince j kaminski enron com wrote jacob nice meeting take chance pen apologize vince yahoo get email domain yahoo mail http personal mail yahoo com
"Subject: re : congratulations .  congrats to you too ! i ' ll see you in february unless you ' re in london  sooner . can ' t wait to start up the dinner club again !  see you soon .  beth  vince j kaminski  11 / 01 / 2000 00 : 01  to : beth perlman / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : congratulations .  beth ,  congratulations . well deserved .  vince",0,congratulations congrats see february unless london sooner wait start dinner club see soon beth vince j kaminski beth perlman lon ect ect cc subject congratulations beth congratulations well deserved vince
"Subject: re : ed krapels  just thought you ' d like to know we are not having a grat deal of success with  contacting ed - let us know if there is anything else i can do ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 27 / 03 / 2000  13 : 42 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : rahil jafry on 27 / 03 / 2000 13 : 40  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : david forster / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : ed krapels  both dave and i have left messages for this guy ( e - mail as well as voice  mail ) on 4 different occassions - without any response .  louise kitchen  03 / 27 / 2000 01 : 21 pm  to : rahil jafry / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : ed krapels  have you managed to get hold of him yet ?  vince j kaminski  11 / 02 / 2000 17 : 23  to : louise kitchen / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : ed krapels  louise ,  thanks . his e - mail address is ekrapels @ esaibos . com . the company  coordinates are as follows :  esai  301 edgewater place , suite 108  wakefield , ma 01880  ( 781 ) 245 - 2036  ( 781 ) 245 - 8706  vince  louise kitchen  02 / 11 / 2000 05 : 13 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : ed krapels  absolutely - i can ' t find the previous email but it may have been lost during  the few days they moved my email box from london to houston - i know i had a  lot of lost emails - do you have his phone number and email and we can sort  out a password for a few days for him too .  louise  vince j kaminski  10 / 02 / 2000 22 : 15  to : louise kitchen / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : ed krapels  louise ,  some time ago i sent you a message regarding ed krapels . he is writing a book  on energy  commodity markets and would like to learn more about eol .  can you give him a call and chat with him for 10 minutes . he is a good  friend of enron and  it would be free ad for us .  vince",0,ed krapels thought like know grat deal success contacting ed let us know anything else forwarded louise kitchen hou ect rahil jafry louise kitchen hou ect ect cc david forster hou ect ect subject ed krapels dave left messages guy e mail well voice mail different occassions without response louise kitchen pm rahil jafry hou ect ect cc subject ed krapels managed get hold yet vince j kaminski louise kitchen lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject ed krapels louise thanks e mail address ekrapels esaibos com company coordinates follows esai edgewater place suite wakefield vince louise kitchen pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject ed krapels absolutely find previous email may lost days moved email box london houston know lot lost emails phone number email sort password days louise vince j kaminski louise kitchen lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject ed krapels louise time ago sent message regarding ed krapels writing book energy commodity markets would like learn eol give call chat minutes good friend enron would free ad us vince
"Subject: zingales seminar  enron seminar series in financejones graduate school of management , rice  universityluigi zingalesuniversity of chicagowill give a seminar at the jones  school on friday , april 27 , ? "" the great reversals : the politics of financial  development in the 20 th century . "" the seminar will begin at 3 : 30 in room 105 . a  pdf of the paper is available through the seminar website :  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / .  fu - kuo albert wangassistant professorjones graduate school of management - -  ms 531 ? rice university ? 6100 main street ? houston , tx 77005 ? phone :  713 - 348 - 5404 ? fax : ? ? ? ? 713 - 348 - 5251 email : wangfa @ rice . eduhttp  : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ wangfa /",0,zingales seminar enron seminar series financejones graduate school management rice universityluigi zingalesuniversity chicagowill give seminar jones school friday april great reversals politics financial development th century seminar begin room pdf paper available seminar website http www ruf rice edu jgsfss fu kuo albert wangassistant professorjones graduate school management ms rice university main street houston tx phone fax email wangfa rice eduhttp www ruf rice edu wangfa
Subject: lance ' s telephone  hi vince :  lance ' s telephone # is : ( 512 ) 280 - 5052 .,0,lance telephone hi vince lance telephone
"Subject: energy derivatives book  hi vince ,  it was good to speak to you and grant the other day . plese find attached a  block of 3 chapters that are basically the middle of the book . this should  give you an idea at the level it is pitched - although these are probably  some of the the most technical of the chapters . julie who works for us will  be getting in contact with you soon to chase you up on your chapter !  i ' ve asked julie to have a chat to you about a couple of other things at  the same time . i hope this is ok with you . julie and i will be making a  trip thru houston around the third week of february to try and visit some  energy companies . it ' s mainly a fact finding trip to see what the energy  companies are doing and how we might be able to make use of our skills in a  commercial sense . would you recommend any people we should talk too ? also  we will be running a course on energy derivatives in houston at the end of  march following the success of the course in new york last year and want to  advertise this . do you know of people who would be interested in such a  course ?  we are currently putting together promotional material for the book - can  you please let julie know how you and grant would like to be advertised -  your official positions , etc .  best regards , and i look forward to reading your chapter soon .  chris .  - ed _ vince . zip",0,energy derivatives book hi vince good speak grant day plese find attached block chapters basically middle book give idea level pitched although probably technical chapters julie works us getting contact soon chase chapter asked julie chat couple things time hope ok julie making trip thru houston around third week february try visit energy companies mainly fact finding trip see energy companies might able make use skills commercial sense would recommend people talk also running course energy derivatives houston end march following success course new york last year want advertise know people would interested course currently putting together promotional material book please let julie know grant would like advertised official positions etc best regards look forward reading chapter soon chris ed vince zip
"Subject: you were accepted . here is your money  dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . barefi . net / ? id = j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , lorene ouellette , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . iorefi . net / book . php",1,accepted money dear applicant review upon receiving application current mortgage qualifies rate new monthly payment low month loan please confirm information order us finalize loan may also apply new one complete final steps visiting http www barefi net id j look foward hearing thank lorene ouellette account managerlpc associates llc interested www iorefi net book php
"Subject: grant ,  would you take a look at the following correlation matrix ? does it make sense ?  ps : this is an updated correlation matrix with gold and silver correlations .  i used bloomberg ' s generic closest month gold and silver contract prices for  the correlation analysis .",0,grant would take look following correlation matrix make sense ps updated correlation matrix gold silver correlations used bloomberg generic closest month gold silver contract prices correlation analysis
"Subject: re : research dept contact  please contact stinson gibner ( vp ) , vince kaminski ( md of enron research ) or  one their technical staff who did the model development : samer takriti or  chonawee supatgiat . as i mentioned in our meeting , enron research is staffed  with some of the best risk model developers and ebs has engaged them to  develop optimization tools for trading and customer pricing activities . phil  markwart has been our optical engineering expert who helped specify the  requirements for the research group .  ravi .  p . s . for those who don ' t know dan , he is part of the team ( dan please correct  me if i am wrong here ! ) that will be responsible for developing a trading  system for bandwidth trading org . he has also began to look at the  optimization needs of the system .  dan cummings  07 / 10 / 00 09 : 33 am  to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : research dept contact  ravi , who ' s working on the optimization engine you mentioned friday ?  dan",0,research dept contact please contact stinson gibner vp vince kaminski md enron research one technical staff model development samer takriti chonawee supatgiat mentioned meeting enron research staffed best risk model developers ebs engaged develop optimization tools trading customer pricing activities phil markwart optical engineering expert helped specify requirements research group ravi p know dan part team dan please correct wrong responsible developing trading system bandwidth trading org also began look optimization needs system dan cummings ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications cc subject research dept contact ravi working optimization engine mentioned friday dan
"Subject: better sex ! better relationship !  a sex revival with low - priced viagra .  summertime , and the living is easy .  judgement of beauty can err , what with the wine and the dark .  within every adversity is an equal or greater opportunity .",1,better sex better relationship sex revival low priced viagra summertime living easy judgement beauty err wine dark within every adversity equal greater opportunity
"Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender  this is the postfix program at host mail . freeservers . com .  i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be  be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below .  for further assistance , please send mail to  if you do so , please include this problem report . you can  delete your own text from the attached returned message .  the postfix program  ( expanded from  ) : host 10 . 133 . 22 . 254 [ 10 . 133 . 22 . 254 ] said : 554  error : : recipient address denied - relay access  denied ( in reply to rcpt to command )",1,undelivered mail returned sender postfix program host mail freeservers com sorry inform message could delivered one recipients attached assistance please send mail please include problem report delete text attached returned message postfix program expanded host said error recipient address denied relay access denied reply rcpt command
"Subject: the garp convention  dear shirley  ?  further to our telephone conversation earlier today , i am writing concerning  the garp 2001 convention , which will be held in new york between 13 th and  14 th february .  ?  i have set a new deadline for presentations to be sent to me , which is  friday 5 th january . i am sure you can appreciate that collating , arranging ,  organising and printing over 80 presentations is a mammoth logistical task ,  hence why i require the presentations as soon as possible .  ?  can i please have an indication of when i am likely to receive vince ' s  presentation ? below is the talk he has agreed to give ( he has also agreed to  chair the stream on energy & corporate risk on tuesday 13 th february ) :  ?  measuring energy risk - tackling price volatility , adapting var , scenario  modeling and regulatory requirements  - mean ( or floor ) reversion  [ image ]  the challenge of modeling price dynamics in the energy markets  - bullitl . jpg",0,garp convention dear shirley telephone conversation earlier today writing concerning garp convention held new york th th february set new deadline presentations sent friday th january sure appreciate collating arranging organising printing presentations mammoth logistical task hence require presentations soon possible please indication likely receive vince presentation talk agreed give also agreed chair stream energy corporate risk tuesday th february measuring energy risk tackling price volatility adapting var scenario modeling regulatory requirements mean floor reversion image challenge modeling price dynamics energy markets bullitl jpg
"Subject: risk 2000 boston - speaker reception 12 june 2000  there will be a drinks reception taking place on monday 12 june 2000 between  6 . 00 - 7 . 00 pm in the lower level of the congress center - for speakers ,  sponsors and exhibitors of risk 2000 , boston  ?  please let me know if you would like to attend so we can guage numbers .  ?  best regards ,  oliver  ?  ?  ?  direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9880  ?  risk publications , 28 - 29 haymarket , london swly 4 rx  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800 ? email : oliver @ risk . co . uk  www . riskpublications . com",0,risk boston speaker reception june drinks reception taking place monday june pm lower level congress center speakers sponsors exhibitors risk boston please let know would like attend guage numbers best regards oliver direct risk publications haymarket london swly rx fax email oliver risk co uk www riskpublications com
"Subject: rice program in financial engineering  dear vince ,  tony and i are looking forward to meeting with you tomorrow  ( thurs . ) at 10 a . m . regarding the rice iniative in financial  engineering . attached to this message is our draft plan for  the proposed undergraduate program ; i will also bring a copy  to the meeting in the morning .  see you tomorrow !  best regards ,  kathy  katherine bennett ensor  professor and chairperson  department of statistics , ms 138  rice university  houston , tx 77251 - 1892  ensor @ rice . edu  phone : ( 713 ) 527 4687  fax : ( 713 ) 285 5476  - draft - plano 2 . doc",0,rice program financial engineering dear vince tony looking forward meeting tomorrow thurs regarding rice iniative financial engineering attached message draft plan proposed undergraduate program also bring copy meeting morning see tomorrow best regards kathy katherine bennett ensor professor chairperson department statistics ms rice university houston tx ensor rice edu phone fax draft plano doc
"Subject: legal advice  * this message was transferred with a trial version of communigate ( tm ) pro *  we all  need a good attorney to call in today ' s society .  keeping ahead of the legal issues in our life was just simply more than we could  bear . we needed legal advice and we needed it right away . unfortunately , being middle class , put us in the wrong income bracket to have such a necessity . now all of this has changed .  think about the issues that can suddenly come up in your personal life :  monday : the dog bit the mailman - do you know what to do ?  tuesday : the building inspector drops by and announces that the permits on file with their office do not  allow your garage conversion . "" what now , "" you think to yourself .  wednesday : you ' ve been considering home - schooling your children for some time . now your daughter announces that she is being picked on yet again , and simply will not attend another day . what are the legal ramifications of home schooling your children ?  thursday : speeding ticket goes to warrant for your 17 - year - old son . you haven ' t a clue how to handle  it .  friday : your ex - spouse has missed another child support payment . . . who do you call ?  and what about all the other things :  received a traffic ticket you thought was unjustified ?  paid a bill you knew was unfair ?  lost a security deposit ?  bought a home or purchased a car ?  signed an employment contract ?  had difficulty collecting an insurance claim ?  had trouble with your credit report ?  been involved in a landlord or property dispute ?  been involved in a separation or divorce ?  had to collect child support ?  prepared a will or wanted to ?  in your personal life , you need legal representation available to you all the time . but most of us never have it because we can ' t afford it .  now there is a program that not only provides quality legal help ,  but it provides it 24 hours a day , with an attorney helping you the same day you call them -  and it is for a small monthly fee . no kidding . somewhere between twenty and forty dollars a month , depending upon the plan you choose .  click here  not  interested ? take your em ail out of our data base by visitng the site and following removal instructions  126",1,legal advice message transferred trial version communigate tm pro need good attorney call today society keeping ahead legal issues life simply could bear needed legal advice needed right away unfortunately middle class put us wrong income bracket necessity changed think issues suddenly come personal life monday dog bit mailman know tuesday building inspector drops announces permits file office allow garage conversion think wednesday considering home schooling children time daughter announces picked yet simply attend another day legal ramifications home schooling children thursday speeding ticket goes warrant year old son clue handle friday ex spouse missed another child support payment call things received traffic ticket thought unjustified paid bill knew unfair lost security deposit bought home purchased car signed employment contract difficulty collecting insurance claim trouble credit report involved landlord property dispute involved separation divorce collect child support prepared wanted personal life need legal representation available time us never afford program provides quality legal help provides hours day attorney helping day call small monthly fee kidding somewhere twenty forty dollars month depending upon plan choose click interested take em ail data base visitng site following removal instructions
"Subject: your best source for viagra and more . . . . get harder , stay hard . . . longer  save on average 70 % with generic medications !  courage is the power to let go of the familiar .  there was a star danced , and under that was i born .  the greatest gift is a portion of thyself .  engineering is the art or science of making practical .",1,best source viagra get harder stay hard longer save average generic medications courage power let go familiar star danced born greatest gift portion thyself engineering art science making practical
"Subject: alp presentation  vince and ken ,  dean gil whittaker of the rice business school has also confirmed ! ! pass the  word on to the students ( no pressure ! ! ha ! ! )  -  i think i ' ll go ahead and put the word out to some of the active rice alums  here at enron - - it ' ll be a great event !  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001  03 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" gilbert r . whitaker , jr . "" on 04 / 11 / 2001 03 : 15 : 28 pm  to : christie . patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : alp presentation  christie -  i have rearranged my schedule and will be very pleased to attend the alp  presentation and dinner at enron .  thanks .  gil  at 06 : 01 pm 4 / 10 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > president gillis and dean whitaker ,  >  > enron would be honored with your presense at the presentation set forth  > below .  >  > under the guidance of vince kaminski and his team here at enron , we are  > thoroughly enjoying working with this group of bright and enthusiastic rice  > students . we hope you can join us for the culmination of their significant  > efforts .  >  > please let me know - - thanks ! !  >  > - - christie .  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001  > 05 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  >  >  > vince j kaminski  > 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 13 am  >  > to : barrett @ rice . edu , uecker @ rice . edu , cmiller @ rice . edu ,  > lounghrid @ rice . edu , luigical @ rice . edu  > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  > crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron  >  > subject : alp presentation  >  > on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project  > presentation by a group of students  > of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university .  >  > the students will present the results of a research project regarding  > electronic trading  > platforms in the energy industry .  >  > the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith .  >  > we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation .  >  >  > vince kaminski  >  > vincent kaminski  > managing director - research  > enron corp .  > 1400 smith street  > room ebl 962  > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com",0,alp presentation vince ken dean gil whittaker rice business school also confirmed pass word students pressure ha think go ahead put word active rice alums enron great event thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm gilbert r whitaker jr pm christie patrick enron com cc subject alp presentation christie rearranged schedule pleased attend alp presentation dinner enron thanks gil pm wrote president gillis dean whitaker enron would honored presense presentation set forth guidance vince kaminski team enron thoroughly enjoying working group bright enthusiastic rice students hope join us culmination significant efforts please let know thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm vince j kaminski barrett rice edu uecker rice edu cmiller rice edu lounghrid rice edu luigical rice edu cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect christie patrick hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect kenneth parkhill na enron enron subject alp presentation behalf enron corp would like invite alp project presentation group students jesse h jones graduate school management rice university students present results research project regarding electronic trading platforms energy industry presentation held may p enron smith would also like invite dinner following presentation vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone cell fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: revenue management meeting  please plan to attend a revenue management science kick - off meeting on  wednesday , august 23 , from 10 : 30 - 5 : 00 p . m . located in the enron building  conference room 49 cl . the purpose of this meeting will be to identify and  prioritize our forecasting and optimization efforts for revenue management .  your attendance in houston for this meeting is critical . we will send out  an agenda prior to the meeting . please call kim watson at 713 - 853 - 3098 , by  friday , august 18 , if you are unable to attend . lunch will be provided .  we look forward to seeing you there .",0,revenue management meeting please plan attend revenue management science kick meeting wednesday august p located enron building conference room cl purpose meeting identify prioritize forecasting optimization efforts revenue management attendance houston meeting critical send agenda prior meeting please call kim watson friday august unable attend lunch provided look forward seeing
"Subject: why johan dahl and the mri energy staffing group ?  vince ,  it was a pleasure talking with you earlier today . please read the documents i  have attached with this email . let ' s talk in the near future to continue our  conversation . i am very confident that my team and i can be successful  regarding any staffing need you have . ? i will give sheila in hr a call and  see if we can work out a contract . please visit our web site for up - to - date  information at http : / / www . mrportland . com  thank you for your time and have a nice day .  sincerely ,  johan dahl  director energy staffing group  phone : 1 - 503 - 287 - 8701 ext . 1153  email : jdahl @ mrportland . com  - jcd - client broch - energy # 2 . doc  - charter of ethical practice . doc",0,johan dahl mri energy staffing group vince pleasure talking earlier today please read documents attached email let talk near future continue conversation confident team successful regarding staffing need give sheila hr call see work contract please visit web site date information http www mrportland com thank time nice day sincerely johan dahl director energy staffing group phone ext email jdahl mrportland com jcd client broch energy doc charter ethical practice doc
"Subject: el paso statement on california situation  in case you haven ' t already seen this :  el paso addresses the california energy situation ( february 26 , 2001 )  houston , feb . 26 / prnewswire / - - el paso corporation ( nyse : epg )  reaffirmed today its continuing commitment to work with all parties  involved to help improve california ' s energy situation . "" we are surprised  to see continuing misinformation in the media concerning el paso ' s  involvement in california , "" said norma dunn , senior vice president of  corporate communications and external affairs at el paso corporation . "" we  would like to take this opportunity to clarify the record . "" the  significant increase in electricity demand at a time when available power  supplies are short has caused a sharp climb in the price of power , which  has in turn increased the price of natural gas used to generate  electricity . high natural gas prices are , therefore , an effect rather than  a cause of the power shortage . allegations that natural gas prices were  deliberately manipulated by withholding capacity on the el paso natural gas  pipeline overlook critical facts and are demonstrably untrue . it is not  possible for any holder of capacity on the el paso natural gas pipeline to  cause a significant increase in california gas prices by refusing to use  that capacity . the el paso natural gas pipeline is required by law to post  the availability of any unused capacity on its public bulletin board and is  obligated to sell that capacity for no more than the published tariff rate  found to be just and reasonable by the federal energy regulatory  commission . all capacity held by el paso merchant energy on the el paso  natural gas pipeline has been used or made available for use by others to  serve california and other western markets . allegations that there was a  "" conspiracy "" in 1996 to limit new interstate pipeline capacity into  california are absolutely refuted by facts that no one can challenge . the  facts show that all new pipelines considered during the 1990 s were either  built or were not viable projects because they lacked sufficient customer  support to justify their construction . for example , despite years of  marketing efforts by tenneco , not a single potential customer could be  induced to make the sort of binding commitment required for the proposed  altamont project to proceed . for that reason alone , it was ultimately  dropped . in 1996 , according to estimates , there were between one and two  billion cubic feet per day ( bcf / d ) of excess natural gas transportation  capacity on existing interstate pipelines serving california . indeed , it  was misplaced reliance on the continuing availability of such excess  capacity that prompted the california public utilities commission to  encourage pg & e , socal edison , and socal gas , beginning in 1996 and  continuing into 1998 , to relinquish over 1 . 5 bcf / d of firm transportation  capacity on the el paso natural gas pipeline . processes are now under way  to assess present demand and support for new interstate pipeline capacity  into california , and el paso intends to do its part to help satisfy  whatever needs may be established today . as recently as last year , there  were periods when significant quantities of unused capacity were available  on the el paso natural gas pipeline that were not necessary to meet demands  at that time . notwithstanding its availability , this capacity was not used  by shippers to california to fill in - state natural gas storage facilities  for future use . if california had taken advantage of the opportunity in  2000 to store the same volumes of natural gas that had been stored in 1999 ,  reliance on the spot market would have been reduced and the steep rise in  prices at the california border could have been substantially mitigated or  avoided . it is now widely recognized that the california "" energy crisis ""  was caused by the inability of the supply of power available in california  to keep pace with the state ' s economy and increased demand . a combination  of factors caused a sharp increase in power prices . first , the construction  of new power plants in california is a slow , difficult , and heavily  regulated process . as a result , the growing demand has far outstripped  in - state generating capabilities . second , unfavorable precipitation and  increased out - of - state demand caused some of the hydroelectric power  normally relied on by california to become unavailable . third , increased  demand for power in the western united states drove up prices that  california had to pay to out - of - state generators . fourth , state policies  deregulated wholesale power prices but capped the rates paid by consumers ,  leaving demand unrestrained and preventing utilities from recovering their  costs . fifth , because rate caps prevented utilities from passing increased  costs to consumers , the utilities ' creditworthiness was impaired , causing  supplemental power needed during peak periods to become more difficult and  expensive to purchase . sixth , the early and greater - than - normal use of  peaking units - plants that are designed to only operate under peak demand  conditions - necessitated unscheduled maintenance , rendering them unavailable  at critical times . seventh , during the final months of 2000 , some power  plants were forced to shut down because increased usage exhausted their air  emissions credits . eighth , a warm summer followed by an early onset of cold  weather further drove up demand for power . finally , the increased power  costs in california could have been substantially mitigated through  long - term power contracts and less reliance on the volatile short - term  power market . "" california is currently in a difficult position , but now  has the opportunity to refine its regulatory model and craft a long - term  energy policy , "" said dunn . "" el paso has been one of the largest suppliers  of energy to california for more than 50 years , and we are actively  participating with all parties in california to be a part of a long - term ,  stable solution to california ' s energy needs . "" el paso corporation , the  largest and most broadly based natural gas company in the world , spans the  energy value chain from wellhead to electron . with an enterprise value in  excess of $ 50 billion , el paso is a leader in every phase of the natural  gas industry . the company owns and operates a significant portion of the  north american natural gas delivery grid , operates the fastest growing ,  most sophisticated energy merchant group , and is the nation ' s third largest  natural gas producer . el paso , a leader in risk management techniques , is  focused on maximizing shareholder value , transforming existing markets , and  speeding the development of new markets . visit el paso at www . epenergy . com .  cautionary statement regarding forward - looking statements this release  includes forward - looking statements and projections , made in reliance on  the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act  of 1995 . the company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the  information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are  based are current , reasonable , and complete . however , a variety of factors  could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections ,  anticipated results or other expectations expressed in this release . while  the company makes these statements and projections in good faith , neither  the company nor its management can guarantee that the anticipated future  results will be achieved . reference should be made to the company ' s ( and  its affiliates ' ) securities and exchange commission filings for additional  important factors that may affect actual results .  bob brooks  gpcm natural gas market forecasting system  http : / / gpcm . rbac . com",0,el paso statement california situation case already seen el paso addresses california energy situation february houston feb prnewswire el paso corporation nyse epg reaffirmed today continuing commitment work parties involved help improve california energy situation surprised see continuing misinformation media concerning el paso involvement california said norma dunn senior vice president corporate communications external affairs el paso corporation would like take opportunity clarify record significant increase electricity demand time available power supplies short caused sharp climb price power turn increased price natural gas used generate electricity high natural gas prices therefore effect rather cause power shortage allegations natural gas prices deliberately manipulated withholding capacity el paso natural gas pipeline overlook critical facts demonstrably untrue possible holder capacity el paso natural gas pipeline cause significant increase california gas prices refusing use capacity el paso natural gas pipeline required law post availability unused capacity public bulletin board obligated sell capacity published tariff rate found reasonable federal energy regulatory commission capacity held el paso merchant energy el paso natural gas pipeline used made available use others serve california western markets allegations conspiracy limit new interstate pipeline capacity california absolutely refuted facts one challenge facts show new pipelines considered either built viable projects lacked sufficient customer support justify construction example despite years marketing efforts tenneco single potential customer could induced make sort binding commitment required proposed altamont project proceed reason alone ultimately dropped according estimates one two billion cubic feet per day bcf excess natural gas transportation capacity existing interstate pipelines serving california indeed misplaced reliance continuing availability excess capacity prompted california public utilities commission encourage pg e socal edison socal gas beginning continuing relinquish bcf firm transportation capacity el paso natural gas pipeline processes way assess present demand support new interstate pipeline capacity california el paso intends part help satisfy whatever needs may established today recently last year periods significant quantities unused capacity available el paso natural gas pipeline necessary meet demands time notwithstanding availability capacity used shippers california fill state natural gas storage facilities future use california taken advantage opportunity store volumes natural gas stored reliance spot market would reduced steep rise prices california border could substantially mitigated avoided widely recognized california energy crisis caused inability supply power available california keep pace state economy increased demand combination factors caused sharp increase power prices first construction new power plants california slow difficult heavily regulated process result growing demand far outstripped state generating capabilities second unfavorable precipitation increased state demand caused hydroelectric power normally relied california become unavailable third increased demand power western united states drove prices california pay state generators fourth state policies deregulated wholesale power prices capped rates paid consumers leaving demand unrestrained preventing utilities recovering costs fifth rate caps prevented utilities passing increased costs consumers utilities creditworthiness impaired causing supplemental power needed peak periods become difficult expensive purchase sixth early greater normal use peaking units plants designed operate peak demand conditions necessitated unscheduled maintenance rendering unavailable critical times seventh final months power plants forced shut increased usage exhausted air emissions credits eighth warm summer followed early onset cold weather drove demand power finally increased power costs california could substantially mitigated long term power contracts less reliance volatile short term power market california currently difficult position opportunity refine regulatory model craft long term energy policy said dunn el paso one largest suppliers energy california years actively participating parties california part long term stable solution california energy needs el paso corporation largest broadly based natural gas company world spans energy value chain wellhead electron enterprise value excess billion el paso leader every phase natural gas industry company owns operates significant portion north american natural gas delivery grid operates fastest growing sophisticated energy merchant group nation third largest natural gas producer el paso leader risk management techniques focused maximizing shareholder value transforming existing markets speeding development new markets visit el paso www epenergy com cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements release includes forward looking statements projections made reliance safe harbor provisions private securities litigation reform act company made every reasonable effort ensure information assumptions statements projections based current reasonable complete however variety factors could cause actual results differ materially projections anticipated results expectations expressed release company makes statements projections good faith neither company management guarantee anticipated future results achieved reference made company affiliates securities exchange commission filings additional important factors may affect actual results bob brooks gpcm natural gas market forecasting system http gpcm rbac com
"Subject: invoice for energy derivatives courses  shirley ,  please , pay .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000  12 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lacima @ compuserve . com > on 03 / 28 / 2000 02 : 49 : 43 pm  to : shirley  cc : vince  subject : invoice for energy derivatives courses  shirley ,  please find attached the invoice for the energy derivatives courses . if i  should forward this to someone in accounts , please let me know who i should  contact and i will take care of it .  thanks ,  julie  lacima consultants  - enron 28 _ 03 _ 00 . doc",0,invoice energy derivatives courses shirley please pay vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm lacima compuserve com pm shirley cc vince subject invoice energy derivatives courses shirley please find attached invoice energy derivatives courses forward someone accounts please let know contact take care thanks julie lacima consultants enron doc
"Subject: telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  good afternoon mr . xu  your resume has been forwarded to the research group with enron corp .  they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your convenience .  please let me know your available dates and times along with the telephone  number you may be reached at and they will call you .  the interviewers would be :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  zimin lu director  look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,telephone interview enron corp research group good afternoon mr xu resume forwarded research group enron corp would like conduct telephone interview convenience please let know available dates times along telephone number may reached call interviewers would vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president zimin lu director look forward hearing regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: christian health plan  we offer vision , dental , medical and much more !  work with the good people at christian health center . our values set us apart .  click below :  http : / / www . . com  finish solutions 9600 la ciencnega inglewood , ca 90301 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,christian health plan offer vision dental medical much work good people christian health center values set us apart click http www com finish solutions la ciencnega inglewood ca e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: interview schedule for jinbaek kim  please find the interview packet for the above - referenced candidate . the  interview will occur on friday january 19 , 2001 . please print all documents  for your reference . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule ,  please do not hesitate to contact me .  shawn grady  58701",0,interview schedule jinbaek kim please find interview packet referenced candidate interview occur friday january please print documents reference questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact shawn grady
"Subject: raptor position reports for 12 / 28 / 00  attached are the latest available daily position report files for the 4  raptor vehicles which include spreadsheets detailing what is hedged within  each vehicle . one thing that i forgot to mention in our meeting yesterday is  that there is considerable indecision as to whether or not raptor 4 will be  included in the cross - guarantees , so we will need to have a value with or  without raptor 4 . i will send a follow - up e - mail with the latest drafts  available for the cross guarantees . let me know as questions arise . thanks  again .  ron  - - - - - forwarded by ron baker / corp / enron on 01 / 03 / 2001 09 : 25 am - - - - -  gordon mckillop  12 / 29 / 2000 12 : 26 pm  to : ben f glisan / hou / ect @ ect , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , richard  causey / corp / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : barry schnapper / corp / enron @ enron , andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , ryan  siurek / corp / enron @ enron , kevin d jordan / corp / enron @ enron , michael  kopper / hou / ect @ ect , chris loehr / hou / ect @ ect , anne yaeger / hou / ect @ ect , rodney  faldyn / corp / enron @ enron , ron baker / corp / enron @ enron ,  amy . flores @ ljminvestments . com , l ' sheryl hudson / hou / ect @ ect , wes  colwell / hou / ect @ ect , kevin howard / enron communications @ enron communications ,  david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , jordan mintz / hou / ect @ ect , maria  lebeau / hou / ect @ ect , michael s galvan / hou / ect @ ect , david maxwell / hou / ect @ ect ,  susie ayala / hou / ect @ ect , hope vargas / hou / ect @ ect , bob butts / gpgfin / enron @ enron  subject : raptor position reports for 12 / 28 / 00",0,raptor position reports attached latest available daily position report files raptor vehicles include spreadsheets detailing hedged within vehicle one thing forgot mention meeting yesterday considerable indecision whether raptor included cross guarantees need value without raptor send follow e mail latest drafts available cross guarantees let know questions arise thanks ron forwarded ron baker corp enron gordon mckillop pm ben f glisan hou ect ect andrew fastow hou ect ect richard causey corp enron enron rick buy hou ect ect greg whalley hou ect ect cc barry schnapper corp enron enron andrea v reed hou ect ect ryan siurek corp enron enron kevin jordan corp enron enron michael kopper hou ect ect chris loehr hou ect ect anne yaeger hou ect ect rodney faldyn corp enron enron ron baker corp enron enron amy flores ljminvestments com l sheryl hudson hou ect ect wes colwell hou ect ect kevin howard enron communications enron communications david port market risk corp enron enron jordan mintz hou ect ect maria lebeau hou ect ect michael galvan hou ect ect david maxwell hou ect ect susie ayala hou ect ect hope vargas hou ect ect bob butts gpgfin enron enron subject raptor position reports
"Subject: las vegas high rise boom  las vegas is fast becoming a major metropolitan city ! 60 +  new high rise towers are expected to be built on and around the las vegas strip  within the next 3 - 4 years , that ' s 30 , 000 + condominiums !  this boom has just begun ! buy first . . . early phase ,  pre - construction pricing is now available on las vegas high rises including  trump , cosmopolitan , mgm , turnberry , icon , sky , among others .  join the interest list :  http : / / www . verticallv . com  message has been sent to you by realty one highrise . learn more at www . verticallv . comif you  wish to be excluded from future mailings , please reply with the word remove in  the subject line . ",1,las vegas high rise boom las vegas fast becoming major metropolitan city new high rise towers expected built around las vegas strip within next years condominiums boom begun buy first early phase pre construction pricing available las vegas high rises including trump cosmopolitan mgm turnberry icon sky among others join interest list http www verticallv com message sent realty one highrise learn www verticallv comif wish excluded future mailings please reply word remove subject line
"Subject: complexity science and the energy industry brown bag  >  please join nesa / hea at the "" complexity science and the energy industry  brown bag "" ~ april 18 th , 2001  if you have any questions , please call lana moore at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 .  thanks and have a great day ! !  - e - business . doc",0,complexity science energy industry brown bag please join nesa hea complexity science energy industry brown bag april th questions please call lana moore thanks great day e business doc
"Subject: re : willow and pathstar evaluations  mike ,  we are short manpower in london . we shall try to  evaluate the software in houston .  vince  "" mike curran "" on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 03 : 24 am  please respond to "" mike curran ""  to :  cc :  subject : willow and pathstar evaluations  hi vince -  hope all is well with you .  sharad hasn ' t had time to evaluate our willow tree or monte carlo software  since the middle of last year . is there somebody else that could do it ?  please let me know who i should send the evaluation to .  best regards ,  michael curran  ceo  quantin ' leap limited  piercy house  7 copthall avenue  london ec 2 r 7 nj  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3450  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3411  mailto : mcurran @ quantinleap . com  http : / / www . quantinleap . com",0,willow pathstar evaluations mike short manpower london shall try evaluate software houston vince mike curran please respond mike curran cc subject willow pathstar evaluations hi vince hope well sharad time evaluate willow tree monte carlo software since middle last year somebody else could please let know send evaluation best regards michael curran ceo quantin leap limited piercy house copthall avenue london ec r nj tel fax mailto mcurran quantinleap com http www quantinleap com
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want .  ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra  - the effect iasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country !  get it riqht now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactly want ciails iot advantaqes viaqra effect iasts hours ready start within minutes mix alcohoi ship country get riqht
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe goiive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe liiustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  dorathy ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishing software corei macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corei designer quickbooks professional edition adobe pagemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe goiive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere eiements corel painter lx adobe liiustrator cs adobe indesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cool production studio aiias motion buiider professionai quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop eiements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely dorathy
"Subject: merit and equity increases  norma ,  i am sending you an excel spreadsheet with proposed  merit and equity increases .  i have slightly exceeded the merit quota .  the equity increases address two issues : retention and  and an error in setting a salary at hiring ( i tend to be too stingy ) .  please , let me know if there are any questions .  i am forwarding a copy of the spreadsheet to my home address  so i can work on it tonight , if necessary .  vince",0,merit equity increases norma sending excel spreadsheet proposed merit equity increases slightly exceeded merit quota equity increases address two issues retention error setting salary hiring tend stingy please let know questions forwarding copy spreadsheet home address work tonight necessary vince
"Subject: restricted list  neither ena / rac / egf employees nor family members or others living in their  household or financially dependent on the ena / rac / egf employee may purchase  or sell securities of any entity ( or derivatives thereof ) listed on the  restricted list for your or their personal or related accounts or recommend  the purchase or sale of such securities to any person , except with the prior  approval of the compliance department in consultation with the ena legal  department .  in addition to the trading restrictions above , should you at any time possess  non - public material information about any public company , you , your family  members and anybody that is financially dependent on you , are restricted from  trading in that issue , and you may not disclose the non - public material  information to anyone that does not have a business need to know .  company name stock symbol  3 tec energy corp . tten  active power acpw  adrian resources adrrf  beau canada exploration ltd bau cn  belco oil & gas corporation bog  bonus resource services corp bou  brigham exploration bexp  canfibre group ltd . cfgl  carrizo oil & gas inc . crzo  crown energy croe  cynet , inc . cyne  cypress energy cyz  firstworld communications inc . fwis  fuelcell energy , inc . fcel  hanover compressor co . hc  ice drilling enterprises inc . idf  industrial holdings , inc . ihii  inland resources , inc . inln  kafus environmental industries , inc . ks  nakornthai strip mill public co ltd nsm set  paladin resources plc plr ld  paradigm geophysical pgeof  place resources , inc . plg cn  queen sand resources , inc . qsri  quicksilver resources inc . kwk  saxon petroleum , inc . sxn cn  southwest royalties swroy  startech seh cn  syntroleum corp . synm  tejon ranch corp . trc  tetonka drilling tdi  transcoastal marine services , inc . tcms  the restricted list is solely for the internal use of ena / rac / egf . no one  may engage in discussions regarding whether a security is or is not on the  restricted list with persons outside ena / rac / egf without specific clearance  from the compliance department in consultation with the ena legal department .  in addition to the above , you are reminded that pursuant to enron corp . ' s  risk management policy ( "" policy "" ) , no ena / rac / egf employee may engage in the  trading of any "" position "" ( "" position "" means any commodity , financial  instrument , security , equity , financial asset or liability that are  authorized for trading in  the  policy for the benefit of any party other than ena / rac / egf , whether for  his / her own account or the account of any third party , where such position  relates to ( i ) any commodity , financial instrument , security , equity ,  financial asset or liability which falls within such employee ' s  responsibility at ena / rac / egf or ( ii ) any energy commodity .  the prohibitions listed above do not replace or modify the policies set forth  in ena ' s policies and procedures regarding confidential information and  securities trading , enron corp . ' s risk management policy , or enron corp . ' s  conduct of business affairs . should you have any questions regarding the  above , please contact me at ext . 31939 .",0,restricted list neither ena rac egf employees family members others living household financially dependent ena rac egf employee may purchase sell securities entity derivatives thereof listed restricted list personal related accounts recommend purchase sale securities person except prior approval compliance department consultation ena legal department addition trading restrictions time possess non public material information public company family members anybody financially dependent restricted trading issue may disclose non public material information anyone business need know company name stock symbol tec energy corp tten active power acpw adrian resources adrrf beau canada exploration ltd bau cn belco oil gas corporation bog bonus resource services corp bou brigham exploration bexp canfibre group ltd cfgl carrizo oil gas inc crzo crown energy croe cynet inc cyne cypress energy cyz firstworld communications inc fwis fuelcell energy inc fcel hanover compressor co hc ice drilling enterprises inc idf industrial holdings inc ihii inland resources inc inln kafus environmental industries inc ks nakornthai strip mill public co ltd nsm set paladin resources plc plr ld paradigm geophysical pgeof place resources inc plg cn queen sand resources inc qsri quicksilver resources inc kwk saxon petroleum inc sxn cn southwest royalties swroy startech seh cn syntroleum corp synm tejon ranch corp trc tetonka drilling tdi transcoastal marine services inc tcms restricted list solely internal use ena rac egf one may engage discussions regarding whether security restricted list persons outside ena rac egf without specific clearance compliance department consultation ena legal department addition reminded pursuant enron corp risk management policy policy ena rac egf employee may engage trading position position means commodity financial instrument security equity financial asset liability authorized trading policy benefit party ena rac egf whether account account third party position relates commodity financial instrument security equity financial asset liability falls within employee responsibility ena rac egf ii energy commodity prohibitions listed replace modify policies set forth ena policies procedures regarding confidential information securities trading enron corp risk management policy enron corp conduct business affairs questions regarding please contact ext
"Subject: re : dabhol report  narottam ,  i have in fact not received a copy of the report . was this something you  sent by e - mail ? if so , please resend it to me so that i could make the  appropriate comments . please do this asap , since i have been waiting for  this report to give my comments for some time now .  regards ,  sandeep .  "" narottam aul "" on 05 / 06 / 2001 08 : 25 : 53 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : dabhol report  sandeep  trust you have had the opportunity to review the draft of the dabhol report  that was sent on 24 april 2001 . i assume that the circulation of the report  to the relevant people within dabhol and enron has been done at your end . it  will be helpful if all comments are collated and send through you . the  report can then be amended to incorporate your comments and a final version  sent for your records . we would very much to close the assignment with the  completion of the report .  please do let me know , if we can do any further analysis and sensitivities  to assist enron and dabhol in the existing phase of discussions with mseb  and the state government .  best regards  narottam  narottam aul  henwood energy services inc .  26 greenhill road  wayville sa 5034  australia  tel : + 61 8 8179 2006  fax : + 61 8 8179 2099  mobile : 0421 061 016",0,dabhol report narottam fact received copy report something sent e mail please resend could make appropriate comments please asap since waiting report give comments time regards sandeep narottam aul pm please respond cc subject dabhol report sandeep trust opportunity review draft dabhol report sent april assume circulation report relevant people within dabhol enron done end helpful comments collated send report amended incorporate comments final version sent records would much close assignment completion report please let know analysis sensitivities assist enron dabhol existing phase discussions mseb state government best regards narottam narottam aul henwood energy services inc greenhill road wayville sa australia tel fax mobile
"Subject: 2001 budget  i need your help . . . i did a quick comparison for the 2000 and 2001 budget  and i am showing a significant increase from last year . did we have an  increase in headcount ? i do not know your actual budget for 2000 . i used  the information for the last 5 months of 2000 budget to estimate for the year  ( see 2000 budget tab in the attached file ) . the attached file contains the  following tabs :  budget vs budget comparison of 2000 vs 2001  allocation allocation - please allocate the rest of the 21 . 7 % to ena  2000 budget estimated 2000 budget based on the last 5 months information  research 2001 budget  the calculation for taxes and benefits does not equal to the calculation in  your template ( corp ) . plus , i have to add a & a overhead cost that corp will  bill us for a & a program ( line 78 ) . can we meet to discuss the allocation to  ena and the increase in plan ? i am open all week except for wednesday  between 10 and 11 . thank you .",0,budget need help quick comparison budget showing significant increase last year increase headcount know actual budget used information last months budget estimate year see budget tab attached file attached file contains following tabs budget vs budget comparison vs allocation allocation please allocate rest ena budget estimated budget based last months information research budget calculation taxes benefits equal calculation template corp plus add overhead cost corp bill us program line meet discuss allocation ena increase plan open week except wednesday thank
"Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte  will make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a loqo your  company wiil automaticaliy become a world leader : it isguite clear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,logo stationer website design much lt really hard recollect company market full sugqestions information isoverwheiminq good catchy logo stylish statlonery outstandlng webslte make task much easier promise ordered loqo company wiil automaticaliy become world leader isguite clear without good products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: contacts at uh for "" econo - physics ""  vince ,  these are the contacts from uh .  i would recommend that for a first contact the following people be involved :  larry pinsky ( physicschair )  joe mccauley ( professor )  george reiter ( professor )  their coordinates and some schedules are below . if larry is out of town ,  prof . gunaratne would be a good alternative .  please let me know how i can help further .  yannis  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by yannis tzamouranis / hou / ect on 05 / 08 / 2000  03 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" prof . lawrence pinsky "" on 05 / 08 / 2000 09 : 10 : 54 am  to : yannis . tzamouranis @ enron . com  cc : jenni @ mailman . enron . com , jmccauley @ uh . edu , greiter @ uh . edu , gemunu @ uh . edu  subject : contacts at uh for "" econo - physics ""  yannis :  let me give you the names and contact information regarding the  appropriate personnel here to include in an initial discussion regarding  the prospects for developing a program here in ( we have to find a better  name ) "" econo - physics . "" for an initial meeting it is reasonable to include  professores mccauley and reiter as well as myself , if i am available . if i  am not available you should consider including professor gemunu gunaratne ,  our current associate chair and a theoreticial with an interest in this  area in his own right .  professor joseph mccauley  phone : 713 743 3528  fax : 713 743 5389  email : jmccauley @ uh . edu  professor george reiter  phone : 713 743 3527  fax : 713 743 3589  email : greiter @ uh . edu  professor & chair lawrence pinsky  phone : 713 743 3552  fax : 713 743 3589  email : pinsky @ uh . edu  or an alternate for me :  associate professor and associate chair gemunu gunaratne  phone : 713 743 3534  fax : 713 743 3589  email : gemunu @ uh . edu  also , fyi , one other new faculty member with a potential interest in this  field is :  assistant professor ( effective 6 / 1 / 2000 ) kevin bassler  phone : 713 743 3568  fax : 713 743 3589  email : bassler @ uh . edu  general administrative contact :  ms . jennifer chin - davis , department business administrator  phone : 713 743 3524  fax : 713 743 3589  email : jenni @ shasta . phys . uh . edu  fyi , i will be in houston may 17 - 24 , june 9 , 19 - 23 . if the meeting is held  on another date , please include prof . gunaratne in my place . . .  larry",0,contacts uh econo physics vince contacts uh would recommend first contact following people involved larry pinsky physicschair joe mccauley professor george reiter professor coordinates schedules larry town prof gunaratne would good alternative please let know help yannis forwarded yannis tzamouranis hou ect pm prof lawrence pinsky yannis tzamouranis enron com cc jenni mailman enron com jmccauley uh edu greiter uh edu gemunu uh edu subject contacts uh econo physics yannis let give names contact information regarding appropriate personnel include initial discussion regarding prospects developing program find better name econo physics initial meeting reasonable include professores mccauley reiter well available available consider including professor gemunu gunaratne current associate chair theoreticial interest area right professor joseph mccauley phone fax email jmccauley uh edu professor george reiter phone fax email greiter uh edu professor chair lawrence pinsky phone fax email pinsky uh edu alternate associate professor associate chair gemunu gunaratne phone fax email gemunu uh edu also fyi one new faculty member potential interest field assistant professor effective kevin bassler phone fax email bassler uh edu general administrative contact ms jennifer chin davis department business administrator phone fax email jenni shasta phys uh edu fyi houston may june meeting held another date please include prof gunaratne place larry
"Subject: here ' s the typeset version  vince ,  attached is a copy of the typeset version that i will be reading today . i  will check to make sure that all the changes you gave me this weekend are  incorporated . i will also be writing a 200 word summary for the paper  today and will pass that by you as well .  have a great day .  john  p . s . i ' ll call shirley about the revenue question i sent you yesterday .  - 134 martin - cxl . pdf  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,typeset version vince attached copy typeset version reading today check make sure changes gave weekend incorporated also writing word summary paper today pass well great day john p call shirley revenue question sent yesterday martin cxl pdf john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : charm  jim ,  charm looks more like a prototype that requires a lot of work to make it  more a  production tool .  we have developed a similar model ( without some nice functionalities charm  has )  in about two weeks , at request of rick jones who joined ees from hsb . rick  worked on a similar model at his old company and wanted to have a similar  tool  for his projects with enron . i can tell you more about it when we meet  ( hopefully ) later  this week .  i would tell willis that the model requires more work before enron can  consider it as commercial product .  vince  james l bouillion  04 / 11 / 2001 06 : 52 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : jonathan davis / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : charm  vince , what feedback should i give willis on their charm product ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james l bouillion / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001  06 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  james l bouillion  04 / 11 / 2001 06 : 50 am  to : "" bertil olsson "" @ enron  cc :  subject : re : charm  no word yet . i will follow up with the attendees .  thanks for taking thje time to make the presentation .  "" bertil olsson "" on 04 / 10 / 2001 04 : 07 : 11 pm  to : james . l . bouillion @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : charm  jim ,  any feed - back on our meeting ? we certainly appreciated the opportunity and  the fact that the meeting was very interactive .  regards ,  bertil  the information in this email and in any attachments is confidential and  may be privileged . if you are not the intended recipient , please destroy  this message , delete any copies held on your systems and notify the sender  immediately . you should not retain , copy or use this email for any  purpose , nor disclose all or any part of its content to any other person .",0,charm jim charm looks like prototype requires lot work make production tool developed similar model without nice functionalities charm two weeks request rick jones joined ees hsb rick worked similar model old company wanted similar tool projects enron tell meet hopefully later week would tell willis model requires work enron consider commercial product vince james l bouillion vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc jonathan davis hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect subject charm vince feedback give willis charm product forwarded james l bouillion hou ect james l bouillion bertil olsson enron cc subject charm word yet follow attendees thanks taking thje time make presentation bertil olsson pm james l bouillion enron com cc subject charm jim feed back meeting certainly appreciated opportunity fact meeting interactive regards bertil information email attachments confidential may privileged intended recipient please destroy message delete copies held systems notify sender immediately retain copy use email purpose disclose part content person
"Subject: re : hi :  thanks vince :  could you give me mike roberts contact information .  zeigham  zeigham khokher  doctoral candidate finance  university of texas at austin  zkhokher @ mail . utexas . edu  512 - 695 - 7164 ( cell )  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc :  sent : friday , september 29 , 2000 3 : 33 pm  subject : re : hi :  zeigham ,  mike roberts from my group will help you .  vince  on 09 / 22 / 2000 07 : 14 : 37 pm  to :  cc :  subject : hi :  hi vince :  this zeigham khokher at the university of texas at austin , finance  department .  i need some publicly available data that unfortunately is not available  here . it is basically the historical prices for price of oil , gas and  gold futures contracts and options .  again the data is strictly public info and not proprietary at all . let me  know if there is a central data person at enron who would be able to help .  all help will be of course gratefully acknowledged .  hope all is well , i hear you will be giving a talk at ut this fall and  look forward to seeing you then .  regards  zeigham",0,hi thanks vince could give mike roberts contact information zeigham zeigham khokher doctoral candidate finance university texas austin zkhokher mail utexas edu cell original message cc sent friday september pm subject hi zeigham mike roberts group help vince pm cc subject hi hi vince zeigham khokher university texas austin finance department need publicly available data unfortunately available basically historical prices price oil gas gold futures contracts options data strictly public info proprietary let know central data person enron would able help help course gratefully acknowledged hope well hear giving talk ut fall look forward seeing regards zeigham
"Subject: hello all  just wanted to share the list of "" one - page "" bios and summary statements  that i have collected to this point . i have two more yet to come and will  share them asap . have a great weekend and i look forward to seeing  everyone in "" sunny / warm waco "" next week .  by the way , bill petty has challenged everyone to a 40 minute jog along the  river on friday morning at 6 : 45 a . m . so bring your jogging gear . i also  have heard from very reliable sources that bennett stewart is the odds on  favorite to "" win the race "" ( cynthia leaked the story that he ' s been in  training now for several months ) .  i ' ll also be sending you driving / parking , etc . instructions early next week .  have a great weekend ,  john  - bennett _ stewart . doc  - david palumbo current bio . doc  - g _ ferrell . doc  - ivaysmanbiosketch . doc  - jmartinbiosketch . doc  - korpi _ bio _ plus _ views _ v 2 . doc  - m _ froehls . doc  - srivastava new econ . rtf  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,hello wanted share list one page bios summary statements collected point two yet come share asap great weekend look forward seeing everyone sunny warm waco next week way bill petty challenged everyone minute jog along river friday morning bring jogging gear also heard reliable sources bennett stewart odds favorite win race cynthia leaked story training several months also sending driving parking etc instructions early next week great weekend john bennett stewart doc david palumbo current bio doc g ferrell doc ivaysmanbiosketch doc jmartinbiosketch doc korpi bio plus views v doc froehls doc srivastava new econ rtf john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: alliance info alert : richardson and ferc orders  dear generation / power marketing executive :  the following are summaries of two significant activities that occurred  friday , december 15  1 . energy secretary richardson issuance of an emergency order .  ( richardson ' s statement and fpa section 202 ( c ) order is posted on doe ' s  web site at :  http : / / www . energy . gov / hqpress / releaseso 0 / decpr / pro 0309 . html )  2 . ferc ' s 12 / 15 / 00 final order to fix california wholesale markets  ( ferc ' s order can be viewed at  california supplies ordered by richardson  o richardson orders listed entities to supply excess power to california iso  o order is effective as soon as iso certifies shortage , but ends 12 / 21 / 00 ,  unless extended  o prices to be agreed to by supplier and iso , or ferc will set rate later  o fpa emergency power authority transferred to doe in 1977  as he said he would on december 13 , u . s . department of energy secretary bill  richardson found "" an emergency exists in california by reason of the shortage  of electric energy "" and issued an emergency order under section 202 ( c ) of  the federal power act ( fpa ) requiring listed generators and marketers to  provide any power in excess of the needs of their firm customers to the  california iso . in a statement , richardson said the threat to the  reliability of the california grid requires a long - term solution , but that in  the short - term power must keep flowing to the state to avert blackouts .  the 76 listed suppliers have 12 hours after the iso certifies to doe that it  has been unable to acquire adequate supplies in the market to begin providing  requested service to the iso . the iso must inform each supplier subject to  the order of the amount and type of energy or services required by 9 : 00 pm ,  eastern standard time , the day before the services are needed . the order  directs the iso to allocate , to the extent feasible , requested services among  subject entities in proportion to each supplier ' s available excess power .  the order is effective immediately and will terminate at 3 : 00 am , eastern  time , december 21 , 2000 , unless extended . to continue to obtain supplies  under this emergency authority , the iso must re - certify the shortage to doe  headquarters every 24 hours .  the terms of the provision of electric energy and other services by suppliers  to the iso "" are to be agreed to by the parties . "" if no agreement is reached ,  then under the fpa ' s emergency authority secretary richardson "" will  immediately prescribe the conditions of service and refer the rate issue to  the federal energy regulatory commission for a determination at a later date  by that agency in accordance with its standards and procedures , and will  prescribe by supplemental order such rates as it finds to be just and  reasonable . "" the authority of ferc to set rates for power supplied under  emergency order at just and reasonable levels where the parties themselves do  not agree to a rate is explicitly included in fpa section 202 ( c ) . the doe  organization act of 1997 transferred the emergency powers of this section  from ferc to doe .  the 76 entities identified in the order ' s attachment are all the entities  that have provided power to the iso over the last 30 days . those entities  are ordered "" to make arrangements to generate , deliver , interchange , and  transmit electric energy when , as , and in such amounts as may be requested by  the "" iso , "" acting as agent for and on behalf of scheduling coordinators . ""  [ source : doe secretary richardson ' s december 14 , 2000 statement and order ;  electric power daily , december 15 , 2000 ]  ferc de - federalizes california markets , adopts other structural  reforms  a summary of the december 15 order and commission discussion  at its special meeting today , ferc unanimously approved its eagerly awaited  final order reforming the california wholesale markets , adopting the major  outlines of its november 1 proposed order and sending back to california the  responsibility for addressing state - related matters , as discussed below . at  the same time , ferc deferred consideration of retroactive refund issues as  well as the imposition of region - wide price caps .  ferc reiterated the november 1 conclusions that under certain circumstances ,  california ratepayers were subjected to unjust and unreasonable power rates  due to california ' s "" seriously flawed "" market structure and rules in  conjunction with tight demand and supply conditions throughout the west .  while all four commissioners supported the order as a consensus - based outcome  that appropriately balanced all competing interests , each commissioner  expressed reservations with particular aspects of the order . chairman  hoecker and comm . breathitt expressed the strongest endorsement , while comms .  hebert and massey laid out their positions where they believed the commission  had either "" over - reached "" or not gone far enough , just as they did on  november 1 , as discussed below .  highlights of key actions :  ( 1 ) ferc adopted the november 1 proposal to eliminate , effective immediately ,  the state ' s mandatory requirement that the state ' s investor - owned utilities  buy and sell electricity through the px , and allow these utilities to  purchase electricity through forward contracts and other alternative  mechanisms to manage supply risks . ferc terminated the px ' s rate schedules  effective at the close of business on april 30 , 2001 . in effect , as chairman  hoecker stated , the order de - federalizes 60 percent of the california  wholesale market established under the state ' s restructuring law , returning  ratemaking authority over company - owned generation to the california public  utilities commission ( cpuc ) .  ( 2 ) ferc modified the effective period of the november 1 $ 150 / mwh "" soft cap ""  proposal , limiting its application through april 2001 , whereupon a  "" comprehensive and systematic monitoring and mitigation program which  incorporates appropriate thresholds , screen and mitigation measures "" must be  in place . in a related move , ferc ordered a technical conference early next  year to develop such a program by march 1 , 2001 , so that these measures can  be place by the may 1 , deadline .  in a major modification , ferc revised the refund conditions to clarify that  while certain refund conditions will continue to apply , unless ferc issues  written notification to the seller that its transaction is still under  review , refund potential on a transaction will close after 60 days .  as proposed , however , supply bids in excess of $ 150 will be prohibited from  setting the market - clearing price for all bidders and sellers bidding above  $ 150 / mwh will be required to report their bids to ferc on a confidential ,  weekly basis and provide certain cost support .  ( 3 ) ferc adopted the november 1 proposal to require the establishment of  independent , non - stakeholder governing board for the iso . the iso governing  board must relinquish their decision - making power and operating control to  the iso management on january 29 , 2001 . a future order will set procedures  for discussion with state representatives on the board selection process .  ( 4 ) in a major modification , ferc adopted a $ 74 / mwh "" price benchmark "" for  assessing prices of five - year energy supply contracts . this benchmark will  be used in assessing any complaints regarding justness and reasonableness of  pricing long - term contracts .  to facilitate prompt negotiation of longer term power contracts at reasonable  rates , ferc announced that it will hold a settlement conference with market  participants .  ( 5 ) ferc adopted the november 1 proposal to require market participants to  schedule 95 percent of their transactions in the day - ahead market and  instituting a penalty charge for under - scheduling ( in excess of five percent  of hourly load requirements ) , in order to discourage over - reliance on the  real - time spot market .  ( 6 ) ferc directed the iso and the three investor - owned utilities to file  generation interconnection standards .  ( 7 ) ferc affirmed the longer - term measures proposed in the november 1 order ,  including submission of a congestion management design proposal by april 2 ,  2001 .  ( 8 ) ferc deferred resolving key issues , including establishing new iso board  selection procedures , developing appropriate market monitoring measures and  negotiating protective orders associated with data collection .  ( 9 ) ferc reiterated its november 1 call to california policy makers there to  resolve state issues , such as : ( 1 ) immediately implementing the availability  of day ahead markets for power purchases ; ( 2 ) development of demand  responses ; ( 3 ) siting of generation and transmission ; and ( 4 ) assurance of  sufficient reserve requirements .  commissioner responses  comm . hebert reluctantly concurred , calling the final order a "" missed  opportunity "" to , among other things , send appropriate signals for new  generation siting and conservation . reiterating his november 1 concerns ,  hebert recounted the remedial remedies that he maintained the commission  should and should not have adopted . while expressing pleasure at the tone of  the order ( "" balanced and considerate "" ) , the bid certainly reversal , and the  role reserved for the state in the selection of the new iso board , hebert  nonetheless objected to the benchmark prices established in the order , which  he maintained appeared to be unreasonably low . hebert faulted the commission  for not attempting to reconcile the instant order with the november 8 order  approving the ca iso ' s emergency $ 250 / mwh "" soft cap "" proposal . hebert ended  by challenging the cpuc to do what it can to encourage utilities there to  forward contract , including easing the existing prudence review requirements .  comm . breathitt endorsed the order , reiterating her support for progress  towards open and competitive markets . she noted that the order properly  "" walked the line "" by taking all of the competing interests into account ,  calling it less than ideal , but a step in the right direction . she also  concentrated her remarks on the importance of creating stability which will  be accomplished by encouraging long term contracts and the implementation of  the $ 150 / mwh breakpoint . additionally she mentioned that any price below the  $ 74 / mwh benchmark will be presumed just and reasonable .  comm . massey concurred , but prefaced his remarks by expressing sympathy for  california ratepayers , stating that he felt that market power had been  exercised , that prices were not just and reasonable and that the marketers  had profited too much at the expense of others in the market . he warned  that , as he understood the legal precedents , the federal courts were poised  to grant cost recovery relief to the retailers which would then be passed on  to consumers . on the positive side , he approved of the de - federalization of  60 % of the market and the creation of long term contracts . however , he  emphasized that california regulators must now take the responsibility of  creating more generation and transmission . in the long term , comm . massey  hoped that solutions could be reached starting with a technical conference  and that the market would have rules more like pjm .  finally , comm . massey articulated what he would have liked to have done  differently . he stated that he disagreed with the fact that there is not  enough evidence to show that market power existed and he pointed to the  on - going investigation . he also disagreed with the $ 150 / mwh breakpoint ,  preferring instead a hard price per generator . the commissioner said he  would have set the long term benchmark for only two years instead of five and  that he would have opened a section 206 investigation in the west . finally ,  he stated that he would have liked to address the issue of refunds .  chairman hoecker began his comments by saying that the commission was forced  to act and act quickly because the stakes are so high . he feels that it is  now time for the state regulators and markets to act . he noted that by  shrinking the cal px , the responsibility is now with the cpuc to fashion the  long term contracts and that hopefully we will exit this situation with the  least amount of damage to the utilities . in regards to suggestions for a  regional price cap , the chairman stated that this would not work due to the  fact that the commission has no jurisdiction over bonneville , wapa and the  public power producers and that there is no spot market in the northwest .  however , he did urge secretary richardson to convene a conference in order to  address regional issues . finally , in conceptually addressing the california  situation , the chairman stated that competition or "" deregulation "" did not  fail in california , but that there never was competition in california .",0,alliance info alert richardson ferc orders dear generation power marketing executive following summaries two significant activities occurred friday december energy secretary richardson issuance emergency order richardson statement fpa section c order posted doe web site http www energy gov hqpress releaseso decpr pro html ferc final order fix california wholesale markets ferc order viewed california supplies ordered richardson richardson orders listed entities supply excess power california iso order effective soon iso certifies shortage ends unless extended prices agreed supplier iso ferc set rate later fpa emergency power authority transferred doe said would december u department energy secretary bill richardson found emergency exists california reason shortage electric energy issued emergency order section c federal power act fpa requiring listed generators marketers provide power excess needs firm customers california iso statement richardson said threat reliability california grid requires long term solution short term power must keep flowing state avert blackouts listed suppliers hours iso certifies doe unable acquire adequate supplies market begin providing requested service iso iso must inform supplier subject order amount type energy services required pm eastern standard time day services needed order directs iso allocate extent feasible requested services among subject entities proportion supplier available excess power order effective immediately terminate eastern time december unless extended continue obtain supplies emergency authority iso must certify shortage doe headquarters every hours terms provision electric energy services suppliers iso agreed parties agreement reached fpa emergency authority secretary richardson immediately prescribe conditions service refer rate issue federal energy regulatory commission determination later date agency accordance standards procedures prescribe supplemental order rates finds reasonable authority ferc set rates power supplied emergency order reasonable levels parties agree rate explicitly included fpa section c doe organization act transferred emergency powers section ferc doe entities identified order attachment entities provided power iso last days entities ordered make arrangements generate deliver interchange transmit electric energy amounts may requested iso acting agent behalf scheduling coordinators source doe secretary richardson december statement order electric power daily december ferc de federalizes california markets adopts structural reforms summary december order commission discussion special meeting today ferc unanimously approved eagerly awaited final order reforming california wholesale markets adopting major outlines november proposed order sending back california responsibility addressing state related matters discussed time ferc deferred consideration retroactive refund issues well imposition region wide price caps ferc reiterated november conclusions certain circumstances california ratepayers subjected unjust unreasonable power rates due california seriously flawed market structure rules conjunction tight demand supply conditions throughout west four commissioners supported order consensus based outcome appropriately balanced competing interests commissioner expressed reservations particular aspects order chairman hoecker comm breathitt expressed strongest endorsement comms hebert massey laid positions believed commission either reached gone far enough november discussed highlights key actions ferc adopted november proposal eliminate effective immediately state mandatory requirement state investor owned utilities buy sell electricity px allow utilities purchase electricity forward contracts alternative mechanisms manage supply risks ferc terminated px rate schedules effective close business april effect chairman hoecker stated order de federalizes percent california wholesale market established state restructuring law returning ratemaking authority company owned generation california public utilities commission cpuc ferc modified effective period november mwh soft cap proposal limiting application april whereupon comprehensive systematic monitoring mitigation program incorporates appropriate thresholds screen mitigation measures must place related move ferc ordered technical conference early next year develop program march measures place may deadline major modification ferc revised refund conditions clarify certain refund conditions continue apply unless ferc issues written notification seller transaction still review refund potential transaction close days proposed however supply bids excess prohibited setting market clearing price bidders sellers bidding mwh required report bids ferc confidential weekly basis provide certain cost support ferc adopted november proposal require establishment independent non stakeholder governing board iso iso governing board must relinquish decision making power operating control iso management january future order set procedures discussion state representatives board selection process major modification ferc adopted mwh price benchmark assessing prices five year energy supply contracts benchmark used assessing complaints regarding justness reasonableness pricing long term contracts facilitate prompt negotiation longer term power contracts reasonable rates ferc announced hold settlement conference market participants ferc adopted november proposal require market participants schedule percent transactions day ahead market instituting penalty charge scheduling excess five percent hourly load requirements order discourage reliance real time spot market ferc directed iso three investor owned utilities file generation interconnection standards ferc affirmed longer term measures proposed november order including submission congestion management design proposal april ferc deferred resolving key issues including establishing new iso board selection procedures developing appropriate market monitoring measures negotiating protective orders associated data collection ferc reiterated november call california policy makers resolve state issues immediately implementing availability day ahead markets power purchases development demand responses siting generation transmission assurance sufficient reserve requirements commissioner responses comm hebert reluctantly concurred calling final order missed opportunity among things send appropriate signals new generation siting conservation reiterating november concerns hebert recounted remedial remedies maintained commission adopted expressing pleasure tone order balanced considerate bid certainly reversal role reserved state selection new iso board hebert nonetheless objected benchmark prices established order maintained appeared unreasonably low hebert faulted commission attempting reconcile instant order november order approving ca iso emergency mwh soft cap proposal hebert ended challenging cpuc encourage utilities forward contract including easing existing prudence review requirements comm breathitt endorsed order reiterating support progress towards open competitive markets noted order properly walked line taking competing interests account calling less ideal step right direction also concentrated remarks importance creating stability accomplished encouraging long term contracts implementation mwh breakpoint additionally mentioned price mwh benchmark presumed reasonable comm massey concurred prefaced remarks expressing sympathy california ratepayers stating felt market power exercised prices reasonable marketers profited much expense others market warned understood legal precedents federal courts poised grant cost recovery relief retailers would passed consumers positive side approved de federalization market creation long term contracts however emphasized california regulators must take responsibility creating generation transmission long term comm massey hoped solutions could reached starting technical conference market would rules like pjm finally comm massey articulated would liked done differently stated disagreed fact enough evidence show market power existed pointed going investigation also disagreed mwh breakpoint preferring instead hard price per generator commissioner said would set long term benchmark two years instead five would opened section investigation west finally stated would liked address issue refunds chairman hoecker began comments saying commission forced act act quickly stakes high feels time state regulators markets act noted shrinking cal px responsibility cpuc fashion long term contracts hopefully exit situation least amount damage utilities regards suggestions regional price cap chairman stated would work due fact commission jurisdiction bonneville wapa public power producers spot market northwest however urge secretary richardson convene conference order address regional issues finally conceptually addressing california situation chairman stated competition deregulation fail california never competition california
"Subject: no pills , no pumps - its the patch  experience more powerful orgasms  http : / / www . siratu . com / ss /  give me where to stand , and i will move the earth .  only a fool walks backwards into the future .  poetry is a way of taking life by the throat .  i am certain there is too much certainy in the world .  a word to the wise is infuriating .",1,pills pumps patch experience powerful orgasms http www siratu com ss give stand move earth fool walks backwards future poetry way taking life throat certain much certainy world word wise infuriating
"Subject: cialis offers you the freedom of choosing the right moment .  get the medication you need delivered to your door in 24 hours .  while we stop to think , we often miss our opportunity .  a husband is always a sensible man ; he never thinks of marrying .  it is a bad plan that admits of no modification .",1,cialis offers freedom choosing right moment get medication need delivered door hours stop think often miss opportunity husband always sensible man never thinks marrying bad plan admits modification
"Subject: request for historical curve information  vince ,  per our conversation this morning , i would appreciate the following  historical curve information as soon as possible :  1 . on february 17 , 2000 , what was the summer ' 00 strip for vent to ml 7 ,  demarc to ml 7 , and vent to chicago  2 . on july 27 , 2000 , what was the august ' 00 strip for vent to chicago  3 . on may 9 , 2000 , what was the may ' 00 strip for vent to chicago  4 . on may 30 , 2000 , what was the june strip for vent to chicago  5 . on june 29 , 2000 , what was july strip for vent to chicago  6 . on sep . 29 , 2000 , what was the october strip for vent to ml 7  thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this matter . please call  me if you have any questions . thanks again !  mike barry  402 / 398 - 7105",0,request historical curve information vince per conversation morning would appreciate following historical curve information soon possible february summer strip vent ml demarc ml vent chicago july august strip vent chicago may may strip vent chicago may june strip vent chicago june july strip vent chicago sep october strip vent ml thank advance prompt attention matter please call questions thanks mike barry
"Subject: wharton collaborative research  here is a short note on potential research with wharton . please review and  edit and then we can send some indication to the wharton guys . - - - - - - - - - -  the objective would be to define the amount of risk an enterprise can take ,  and the difference between this and the actual amount of risk the enterprise  chooses to take based on the capital structure and reporting structure . in  particular , one can view enron as a hierarchy of companies , and assuming we  can separately quantify the risks of each unit , what framework would one use  to analyze risk at enron ?  a related question is how one should represent risks in the different  units ? risks may be of different types - - - short - term volatility risk ,  catastrophic risk , liquidity risk , etc - - - what should one focus on for a  first cut ?  another related question is to decide on the optimal amount of insurance  both at the unit level and the enterprise level , and relate the decision to  get insurance to the cost / benefit of insurance .",0,wharton collaborative research short note potential research wharton please review edit send indication wharton guys objective would define amount risk enterprise take difference actual amount risk enterprise chooses take based capital structure reporting structure particular one view enron hierarchy companies assuming separately quantify risks unit framework would one use analyze risk enron related question one represent risks different units risks may different types short term volatility risk catastrophic risk liquidity risk etc one focus first cut another related question decide optimal amount insurance unit level enterprise level relate decision get insurance cost benefit insurance
"Subject: re : lng may 19 decision  john ,  this is the update on what i have done for the lng transactions .  1 . i was not involved in the lng ship project . i shall read the dash  and give you my comments . without looking at the details , i think that the  decision  to charter a tanker removes one significant risk we have at the elba island  project ( please , see point 2 ) .  2 . elba island . i am working with doug rotenberbg , brad hitch , scott earnest  ( sally beck ' s organization ) and rac to set up the book for the elba island  transaction . the next step  will be to expand the book to capture all the enron ' s lng - related positions  in one place and  to look for natural risk offsets and possible hedges . a working group is  meeting to close a few  remaining gaps tomorrow ( tuesday ) at 8 : 30 .  a few comments on the book design and my view of the project :  a . the current thinking is that lng will be sourced for the elba island  facility  by buying marginal cargos on the fob basis . marginal cargos will represent  supply from excess capacity that has not been committed under long - term  contracts or became available due to some short - term frictions .  the fob cargos are typically selling at a significant discount to the  long - term  contract prices . the economics of the deal , as represented by the book we are  setting up , will reflect the assumption that not only we can locate marginal  cargos  but that we shall be able to do it on a regular basis , arranging shipping and  coordinating  the facility schedule and natural gas transactions in the us . in other words ,  we have a significant logistical and operational risk in this transaction .  b . the transaction will cover the period of 17 years ( with an extension  option of  5 years ) . even if we can lock - in the lng volumes over this time period , we  have no ability to lock - in the other side of the spread ( us gas prices ) for  such a long tenor . this is  essentially a tolling transaction with exposure to the lng - nat gas spread  and  i would not recommend locking - in only one leg of the spread .  one solution would be to cover , let ' s say , 50 % of he lng volumes for the  first  5 years and lock - in the nat gas side on the us market side .  c . the book we are setting up will be based on many managerial assumptions  regarding sources of lng , shipping rates , schedules , etc . i would set up a  big prudence reserve  in case we mark it to market .  d . my group will work on valuation of some options we have in the elba island  deal  ( that are good for enron ) and on the hedging strategy for the lng positions .  long - term lng contracts are typically based on the japanese crude cocktail  that  correlates very well with brent .  vince  john sherriff  05 / 14 / 2000 01 : 40 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lauren urquhart / lon / ect @ ect  subject : lng may 19 decision  vince  i haven ' t spoken to you for awhile but hope the world is treating you well .  anyway with greg moving to his  new role i have ( i hope only temporarily ) staff trading oversight for the  eastern hemishere plus lng .  i understand that your group is taking a first cut at developing curves for  lng and lng ship values . i also understand  that another lng ship decision is on the dockets for may 19 ( not very far  away ) . anway i understand this  is a big decision but i still have gotten very little info yet . can you  please let me know where you stand now ?  i will ask my assistant lauren to set up a time that i can speak with you in  the next couple of days and if you  have anything for me to review before then she can get it faxed to me as well .  look forward to connecting with you vince .  john",0,lng may decision john update done lng transactions involved lng ship project shall read dash give comments without looking details think decision charter tanker removes one significant risk elba island project please see point elba island working doug rotenberbg brad hitch scott earnest sally beck organization rac set book elba island transaction next step expand book capture enron lng related positions one place look natural risk offsets possible hedges working group meeting close remaining gaps tomorrow tuesday comments book design view project current thinking lng sourced elba island facility buying marginal cargos fob basis marginal cargos represent supply excess capacity committed long term contracts became available due short term frictions fob cargos typically selling significant discount long term contract prices economics deal represented book setting reflect assumption locate marginal cargos shall able regular basis arranging shipping coordinating facility schedule natural gas transactions us words significant logistical operational risk transaction b transaction cover period years extension option years even lock lng volumes time period ability lock side spread us gas prices long tenor essentially tolling transaction exposure lng nat gas spread would recommend locking one leg spread one solution would cover let say lng volumes first years lock nat gas side us market side c book setting based many managerial assumptions regarding sources lng shipping rates schedules etc would set big prudence reserve case mark market group work valuation options elba island deal good enron hedging strategy lng positions long term lng contracts typically based japanese crude cocktail correlates well brent vince john sherriff vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc lauren urquhart lon ect ect subject lng may decision vince spoken awhile hope world treating well anyway greg moving new role hope temporarily staff trading oversight eastern hemishere plus lng understand group taking first cut developing curves lng lng ship values also understand another lng ship decision dockets may far away anway understand big decision still gotten little info yet please let know stand ask assistant lauren set time speak next couple days anything review get faxed well look forward connecting vince john
"Subject: mark lay  vince : mark had not received my email so simply assumed that i had a  business plan and he would help if he could . i explained that i was at  the "" pre "" business plan stage . further , that i had hoped to discuss my  search for collaborators to become co - founders . people with vision that  might help develop and refine the concept , identify model components ,  isolate modules for the initial effort and build a business plan  suitable for angel investors not vcs . i might need your help in  conveying this to him . i have struggled to put on paper a very rough  draft of how it might be best describe as to the direction it might go  and what might conceptually be possible . please look at this and tell  me if i am going too far at this point . i do not want to implant  insurmountable obstacle in anyone ' s mind . i hope to hear from you . al  arfsten 713 965 2158  - lifetrak concept 012501 . doc",0,mark lay vince mark received email simply assumed business plan would help could explained pre business plan stage hoped discuss search collaborators become co founders people vision might help develop refine concept identify model components isolate modules initial effort build business plan suitable angel investors vcs might need help conveying struggled put paper rough draft might best describe direction might go might conceptually possible please look tell going far point want implant insurmountable obstacle anyone mind hope hear al arfsten lifetrak concept doc
"Subject: re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research  hi vince ,  thanks for organizing the meetings , and a special thanks for organizing the  reservations for the dinner .  i am looking forward the visit to houston .  rodrigo  vince j kaminski  24 / 08 / 2000 20 : 25  to : rodrigo lamas / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research  rodrigo ,  i think it is churrasco ' s , a south american restaurant .  i shall make reservations for the 12 th . i shall also  arrange the meetings on tuesday with different units of the research group .  vince  rodrigo lamas  08 / 24 / 2000 01 : 59 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research  vince ,  thank you very much .  i would rather talk to your group on sep the 12 th ( tuesday ) .  i hope i will be entitled to disturb them again during the rest of the week  as well .  we can certainly go out for dinner . steven mentioned a brazilian restaurant he  went to and i am looking forward going there . this in case you are not  vegetarian .  thanks again ,  rodrigo  vince j kaminski  24 / 08 / 2000 19 : 54  to : rodrigo lamas / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research  rodrigo ,  we shall be very glad to meet you .  if you can dedicate one day to meeting the members of the research group i  could arrange a series of meetings with different units .  what about sep the 11 th or sep the 12 th ( monday or tuesday ) ?  if you are free one evening we can have dinner together .  vince  rodrigo lamas  08 / 24 / 2000 11 : 01 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research  vince ,  i work for the market risk rac london group . i review the quantitative issues  arising from enron europe models .  i am in this function given my background ( phd from imperial college - london )  and also due to my past experience  as risk manager for a brazilian investment bank and louis dreyfus .  my agenda includes the review of a number of deals ( wessex , tpl , eastern ,  . . . ) , as well as the  review of the construction of european gas and power price curves and their  respective volatility curves .  currently i am devoting most of my time to the analysis of the uk gas market ,  its respective  price curve and term structure of volatility .  bjorn and david suggested it could be very productive if i had the chance to  meet you and your team  to discuss issues related to modelling prices and risk measurement tools .  i will be in houston from the 10 th to 15 th september . i wonder if you could  book some time for me in  your agenda and also ask some members of your team to do the same .  thanks ,  rodrigo",0,introduction meeting rac london quants houston research hi vince thanks organizing meetings special thanks organizing reservations dinner looking forward visit houston rodrigo vince j kaminski rodrigo lamas lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject introduction meeting rac london quants houston research rodrigo think churrasco south american restaurant shall make reservations th shall also arrange meetings tuesday different units research group vince rodrigo lamas pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject introduction meeting rac london quants houston research vince thank much would rather talk group sep th tuesday hope entitled disturb rest week well certainly go dinner steven mentioned brazilian restaurant went looking forward going case vegetarian thanks rodrigo vince j kaminski rodrigo lamas lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject introduction meeting rac london quants houston research rodrigo shall glad meet dedicate one day meeting members research group could arrange series meetings different units sep th sep th monday tuesday free one evening dinner together vince rodrigo lamas vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject introduction meeting rac london quants houston research vince work market risk rac london group review quantitative issues arising enron europe models function given background phd imperial college london also due past experience risk manager brazilian investment bank louis dreyfus agenda includes review number deals wessex tpl eastern well review construction european gas power price curves respective volatility curves currently devoting time analysis uk gas market respective price curve term structure volatility bjorn david suggested could productive chance meet team discuss issues related modelling prices risk measurement tools houston th th september wonder could book time agenda also ask members team thanks rodrigo
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  fallon ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards fallon
"Subject: re : option pricing challenge  zimin ,  to generalize your initial comment , for any process ds = mu ( s , t ) * s * dt +  sigma ( s , t ) * s * dz ,  the delta - hedging argument leads to the black - scholes pde .  this is true for any arbitrary functions mu and sigma , and so includes gbm ,  mean reversion , and others .  there is no problem with this , because in the risk - neutral world , which is  what you enter if you can hedge ,  the drift of the "" actual "" process is irrelevant .  i believe your concern is that you would like to see a different option price  for mean reversion process . this can only happen if the asset is not  hedgeable , and so the actual dynamics then need to be factored into the  option pricing . if you assume that the underlying is a non - traded factor ,  then the pde will have to reflect the market price of risk , and the drift of  the actual process is then reflected in the pde .  vasant  zimin lu  10 / 17 / 2000 05 : 20 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : option pricing challenge  dear all ,  i have a fundamental question back in my mind since 95 . hope you can give  me a convincing answer .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  in deriving bs differential equation , we assume the underlying follows gbm  ds = mu * s * dt + sigma * s * dz  where mu is the drift , sigma is the volatility , both can be a function of s .  then we use delta hedging argument , we obtain the bs differential equation  for the option price , regardless  of mu .  with the bs pde and boundary condition , we can derive bs formula . fine . no  problem .  question comes here . suppose the underlying is traded security and follows ,  say , mean - reverting process  ds = beta ( alpha - s ) dt + sigma * s * dz  apparantly , this sde leads to a different probability distribution . however ,  using the delta hedging argument ,  we still get the same bs differential equation , with the same boumdary  condition , we get the same bs formula .  not fair !  from another angle , i can derive the distribution from the bs pde for the  underlying , which is the lognormal distribution .  my thinking is : can i drive the distribution for any sde from the option pde  ? the answer should be yes , but got to be  from a different pde rather than bs pde . then what we do about the  delta - hedging argument ?  thanks .",0,option pricing challenge zimin generalize initial comment process ds mu dt sigma dz delta hedging argument leads black scholes pde true arbitrary functions mu sigma includes gbm mean reversion others problem risk neutral world enter hedge drift actual process irrelevant believe concern would like see different option price mean reversion process happen asset hedgeable actual dynamics need factored option pricing assume underlying non traded factor pde reflect market price risk drift actual process reflected pde vasant zimin lu pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc subject option pricing challenge dear fundamental question back mind since hope give convincing answer zimin deriving bs differential equation assume underlying follows gbm ds mu dt sigma dz mu drift sigma volatility function use delta hedging argument obtain bs differential equation option price regardless mu bs pde boundary condition derive bs formula fine problem question comes suppose underlying traded security follows say mean reverting process ds beta alpha dt sigma dz apparantly sde leads different probability distribution however using delta hedging argument still get bs differential equation boumdary condition get bs formula fair another angle derive distribution bs pde underlying lognormal distribution thinking drive distribution sde option pde answer yes got different pde rather bs pde delta hedging argument thanks
"Subject: you want to submit your website to search engines but do not know how to do it ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  lf you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where people search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in muitipie search engines .  submit your website oniine  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best reqards ,  ashleesimon _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,want submit website search engines know submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website oniine otherwise wili invisibie virtualiy means efforts spent vain lf want people know website boost revenues way make site visible places people search information e submit website muitipie search engines submit website oniine watch visitors stream e business best reqards ashleesimon interested
"Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2000  12 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  hao peng on 04 / 19 / 2000 11 : 52 : 53 am  to : shirley crenshaw  cc :  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  dear shirley :  it is my pleasure to have the opportunity to interview with enron . i will  be available at 412 - 661 - 3393 at 4 : 30 pm eastern time . please let me know if  there is any change about this sechedule . thanks .  hao  - - on wednesday , april 19 , 2000 , 11 : 29 am - 0500 shirley crenshaw  wrote :  >  >  > hello hao :  >  > the enron corp . research group would like to interview you by telephone  > tomorrow , thursday , april 20 , at 3 : 30 pm central standard time ( 4 : 30  > eastern time ) .  >  > please let me know if this is satisfactory to you and what telephone  > number they may reach you at .  >  > the interview will include the following members of the research group :  >  > vince kaminski managing director  > stinson gibner vice president  > vasant shanbhogue vice president  > zimin lu director  > tanya tamarchenko manager  >  > if you have any questions , please let me know  >  > thanks you very much and look forward to hearing from you .  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron corp . research  > 713 / 853 - 5290  > email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  >  >  >",0,telephone interview enron corp research group fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm hao peng shirley crenshaw cc subject telephone interview enron corp research group dear shirley pleasure opportunity interview enron available pm eastern time please let know change sechedule thanks hao wednesday april shirley crenshaw wrote hello hao enron corp research group would like interview telephone tomorrow thursday april pm central standard time eastern time please let know satisfactory telephone number may reach interview include following members research group vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president vasant shanbhogue vice president zimin lu director tanya tamarchenko manager questions please let know thanks much look forward hearing shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: re : financial engineering associates  karla ,  thanks . here are helyette ' s coordinates :  helyette geman  universite de paris - dauphine  place du marechal de lattre - de - tassigny  75775 paris cedex 16  phone : 33 1 44 054 943 ( o )  33 1 46 040 110 ( h ) ( f )  fax : 33 1 44 054 937  geman @ cidmail . services . dauphine . fr  helyette . geman @ dauphine . fr  vince  from : karla feldman 03 / 06 / 2000 01 : 50 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : financial engineering associates  vince and stinson ,  i checked the file and the maintenance that automatically renews on 4 / 1 / 2000  is for the following products :  all 4 of your @ global licenses  spav  swing  i will go ahead and contact fea and see about getting the renewal invoice for  these . i ' ll send it to shirley for payment once i have it .  the products : @ interest , seapc , and seapp have not been on maintenance for a  while . fea told us a couple of years ago i believe that they do not have  maintenance available for these products any longer . so , you don ' t need to  worry about cancelling @ interest .  also , just fyi - your @ energy . 1 and @ energy . 2 licenses have maintenance  through 10 / 20 / 2000 .  if you have any questions , please let me know . otherwise , i will proceed  with contacting fea about you renewal of the @ global , spav , and swing  licenses .  thanks ,  karla",0,financial engineering associates karla thanks helyette coordinates helyette geman universite de paris dauphine place du marechal de lattre de tassigny paris cedex phone h f fax geman cidmail services dauphine fr helyette geman dauphine fr vince karla feldman pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject financial engineering associates vince stinson checked file maintenance automatically renews following products global licenses spav swing go ahead contact fea see getting renewal invoice send shirley payment products interest seapc seapp maintenance fea told us couple years ago believe maintenance available products longer need worry cancelling interest also fyi energy energy licenses maintenance questions please let know otherwise proceed contacting fea renewal global spav swing licenses thanks karla
"Subject: risk management book order  vince ,  fyi , i ordered the risk management book you requested . it will be published  on june 2 nd , and we will receive it shortly thereafter .  judy  3 - 9584",0,risk management book order vince fyi ordered risk management book requested published june nd receive shortly thereafter judy
Subject: jcc study  here is the information produced in the study for marc de la roche .  - kevin k .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 12 / 20 / 2000  05 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin kindall  11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 29 am  to : russell dyk / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : jcc study  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 11 / 28 / 2000  09 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin kindall  09 / 29 / 2000 05 : 11 pm  to : james pyke / ap / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : jcc study  hello . please read the jcc note . feedback welcome .  - kevin k .,0,jcc study information produced study marc de la roche kevin k forwarded kevin kindall corp enron pm kevin kindall russell dyk corp enron enron cc subject jcc study forwarded kevin kindall corp enron kevin kindall pm james pyke ap enron enron cc subject jcc study hello please read jcc note feedback welcome kevin k
"Subject: a paper of mine  vince ,  i have written a paper , which supposedly is going to be published in the  february 2000 issue of eprm , probably after some editorial cuts ( at least  this is what i am being told by them ) . i would appreciate your thoughts if  you would have time to read it .  regards ,  martin  - userconf . doc",0,paper mine vince written paper supposedly going published february issue eprm probably editorial cuts least told would appreciate thoughts would time read regards martin userconf doc
Subject: hi  how to save on your medlc doggone atlons over 70 % .  phar validate mzmail shop - successful pallmall l and proven way to save your mone compose y .  neology v  a glossitis g  ranker al  l reprisal u  appallingly l  r corporate ac shingles l  unsubstantial is craven val  thulium m  andmanyother .  * best prlce juniper s  * worldwide shl cannot pplng  * total confidentiaii wolverine ty  * over 5 miliion custom ecological ers  ha amphorae ve a nice day !,1,hi save medlc doggone atlons phar validate mzmail shop successful pallmall l proven way save mone compose neology v glossitis g ranker al l reprisal u appallingly l r corporate ac shingles l unsubstantial craven val thulium andmanyother best prlce juniper worldwide shl pplng total confidentiaii wolverine ty miliion custom ecological ers ha amphorae nice day
"Subject: re : enron / stanford program  hi vince , stinson  thank you for hosting my visit to enron and arranging for me to meet  with you and other decision - makers at enron . the meetings been very  productive on my side , as i try to formulate the project more  clearly .  we are entering the period that i have to set up the research assistantships  ( ra )  for next year for giuseppe and the other student i have committed to support  on this project . school starts in late september , but already i have to  start putting together the papers for the ras in the fall , as per departmental  requirement .  would it be possible to put the project in place soon , so that i can  do the raship papers for the students ? i expect i will start having  pressure from the department to do the paperwork for these raships early  september , and i have to have them in place by the third week of september ,  just before school starts .  i am attaching below the same draft of a letter i had sent you in a previous  e - mail , which would be required to set up the project at stanford . please ,  let me know how you would like to proceed .  again , thanks for your hospitality and i look forward to productive  collaboration  during the coming year and beyond .  best regards ,  nick  ps : vince , i look forward to seeing you during your visit to the bay area  in october .  draft of letter to be sent from enron to stanford .  prof . nicholas bambos  420 terman engineering center  management science & eng . dept . and  electrical engineering department  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305  dear nick ,  we are happy to provide gift funds of $ 100 , 000 per year , over  three years , to support a program in your research group , related  to bandwidth markets / trading and networking technologies .  enron would like to support research activities in the above  mentioned area , including pd . d . student work , research seminars etc .  there may also be opportunities to have the supported ph . d . students  do summer internships at enron , related to their research interests .  please find enclosed a check of $ 100 , 000 payable to stanford university  for supporting this research effort in your group during the first year .  best regards ,  name and title",0,enron stanford program hi vince stinson thank hosting visit enron arranging meet decision makers enron meetings productive side try formulate project clearly entering period set research assistantships ra next year giuseppe student committed support project school starts late september already start putting together papers ras fall per departmental requirement would possible put project place soon raship papers students expect start pressure department paperwork raships early september place third week september school starts attaching draft letter sent previous e mail would required set project stanford please let know would like proceed thanks hospitality look forward productive collaboration coming year beyond best regards nick ps vince look forward seeing visit bay area october draft letter sent enron stanford prof nicholas bambos terman engineering center management science eng dept electrical engineering department stanford university stanford ca dear nick happy provide gift funds per year three years support program research group related bandwidth markets trading networking technologies enron would like support research activities mentioned area including pd student work research seminars etc may also opportunities supported ph students summer internships enron related research interests please find enclosed check payable stanford university supporting research effort group first year best regards name title
"Subject: re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear mr . nur azmin abu bakar ,  thanks for your prompt reply .  please , let us know how many members of your team will  visit enron .  i look forward to our meeting on february 8 .  vince kaminski  azminab @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 02 / 2001 06 : 38 : 33 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my ,  shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear kaminski ,  happy new year and thank you for the reply . we are honored to have  lunch with you and your team however we have another appointment at  2 . 30 p . m .  regards  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 03 / 01 / 2001 07 : 38 : 19 am  to : azminab @ petronas . com . my  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear sir ,  i would like to apologize for the delay in responding to your fax .  i was on vacation for the last few days .  i shall be honored to meet your delegation on thursday , february 8 at 10 : 00  a . m .  please , let me know if you will be free for lunch after the meeting .  vince kaminski",0,meeting feb dear mr nur azmin abu bakar thanks prompt reply please let us know many members team visit enron look forward meeting february vince kaminski azminab petronas com pm vince j kaminski enron com khairuddinbmjaafar petronas com shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject meeting feb dear kaminski happy new year thank reply honored lunch team however another appointment p regards vince j kaminski enron com azminab petronas com cc vince j kaminski enron com shirley crenshaw enron com subject meeting feb dear sir would like apologize delay responding fax vacation last days shall honored meet delegation thursday february please let know free lunch meeting vince kaminski
"Subject: re : fw : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  kim ,  i talked to dale early this morning and suggested that we meet during his next trip to houston  when we decide on timing of our project .  vince  from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 08 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , eric gadd / et & s / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : fw : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince ,  if dale comes in to see you , it looks like eric might be available to meet with you as well . it would be a good opportunity for eric to meet dale and get a little more information on his model . eric ' s phone number is x 54713 .  thanks ,  kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gadd , eric  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 8 : 12 pm  to : watson , kimberly  subject : re : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  works for me . give me a call at 9 : 30 .  from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 09 pm  to : eric gadd / et kaminski , vince  subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ?  dale ,  please , call me on tuesday . my morning schedule is full but i am open in the afternoon .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 : 21 am  please respond to  to : "" vincent kaminski "" , "" kimberly s . watson ""  cc :  subject : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince / kim :  i am flying to houston tonight and wondered if it would fit one or both of  your schedules to get together this coming tuesday sometime for 1 / 2 hour or  so . i really want to reinitiate the conversations marketpoint was having  with john goodpasture and you , and he said either or both of you were the  right people to continue after his responsibility shift . john was quite  positive about the idea of enron acquiring marketpoint narg through license ,  and he implied that one or both of you would be carrying the ball in that  direction after he handed it to you .  would this coming tuesday morning at 930 am be a good time for you guys ? if  so , please give me an email shout at the above address or leave a message on  my voicemail at ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 . i think you will be truly impressed with the  scope and progress we have been able to make with both the short run narg  and the long run narg in which you were interested ( not to mention our power  model ) . the progress is noticeable since you saw it . both long and short  term narg are having quite an impact on a number of gas decisions at the  moment ranging from venezuelan lng , north american lng import terminals and  term , gas basis calculations , trading support , power plant development ,  gas - to - power price spreads in key markets , veracity of heat rate trades ,  bank financings , storage field evaluation , and which new pipelines we can  expect to see enter and which are dogs .  i really hope we can fit it in and get our discussions moving in a mutually  productive direction again . i think narg can help you become even more  successful , and i look forward to working with you .  we have a new office address and new phone number as well . ( we move in may  1 . )  altos management partners  95 main street , suite 10  los altos , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 948 - 8830 voice  ( 650 ) 948 - 8850 fax  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 cellular  give the phones a week or so to get "" debugged "" and then switch over .  dale ",0,fw fw get together coming tuesday kim talked dale early morning suggested meet next trip houston decide timing project vince kimberly watson enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect eric gadd et enron enron cc subject fw fw get together coming tuesday vince dale comes see looks like eric might available meet well would good opportunity eric meet dale get little information model eric phone number x thanks kim original message gadd eric sent monday april pm watson kimberly subject fw get together coming tuesday works give call kimberly watson enron enronxgate pm eric gadd et kaminski vince subject get together coming tuesday dale please call tuesday morning schedule full open afternoon vince dale nesbitt please respond vincent kaminski kimberly watson cc subject get together coming tuesday vince kim flying houston tonight wondered would fit one schedules get together coming tuesday sometime hour really want reinitiate conversations marketpoint john goodpasture said either right people continue responsibility shift john quite positive idea enron acquiring marketpoint narg license implied one would carrying ball direction handed would coming tuesday morning good time guys please give email shout address leave message voicemail think truly impressed scope progress able make short run narg long run narg interested mention power model progress noticeable since saw long short term narg quite impact number gas decisions moment ranging venezuelan lng north american lng import terminals term gas basis calculations trading support power plant development gas power price spreads key markets veracity heat rate trades bank financings storage field evaluation new pipelines expect see enter dogs really hope fit get discussions moving mutually productive direction think narg help become even successful look forward working new office address new phone number well move may altos management partners main street suite los altos ca voice fax cellular give phones week get debugged switch dale
"Subject: re : times 2 filing units  rachel , can you give us a delivery date on p . o . no . 0898 - 984503 ? thanks , pat  anita dupont @ enron  03 / 08 / 2001 09 : 30 am  to : pat scarborough / epsc / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : times 2 filing units  pat :  will you please notify me when these filing units are going to be delivered  as we have to unload the lateral file cabinets that are currently in that  room . also , will the men who deliver the times 2 units remove the lateral  files ? thanks . anita  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 03 / 08 / 2001 09 : 27  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anita dupont  02 / 21 / 2001 09 : 39 am  to : pat scarborough / epsc / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : times 2 filing units  pat : out co # is 0413 , rc # is 107043 . please deliver them to eb 19 c 2 .  also , please let me know when they are going to be delivered as we have to  unload the lateral file cabinets that are currently in that room . will the  men who deliver the times 2 units remove the lateral files ? thanks . anita",0,times filing units rachel give us delivery date p thanks pat anita dupont enron pat scarborough epsc hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject times filing units pat please notify filing units going delivered unload lateral file cabinets currently room also men deliver times units remove lateral files thanks anita forwarded anita dupont na enron anita dupont pat scarborough epsc hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject times filing units pat co rc please deliver eb c also please let know going delivered unload lateral file cabinets currently room men deliver times units remove lateral files thanks anita
"Subject: re : allan roberts email  jim ,  thanks . i shall drop him an e - mail .  vince  james . w . petrie . jr @ us . arthurandersen . com on 07 / 27 / 2000 05 : 51 : 31 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : allan . roberts @ uk . arthurandersen . com  subject : allan roberts email  vince - it was a pleasure to meet you this afternoon . as promised , please  find  allan ' s email address above . we look forward to working with enron and mit on  finding better ways to value companies .  if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me .  jim  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  james w . petrie , jr .  knowledge sharing director  energy industry knowledge services group  arthur andersen llp - houston office  voice = = > 713 . 237 . 2357 , fax = = > 713 . 237 . 5673  james . w . petrie . jr @ us . arthurandersen . com  - - - - - - - - - -  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .",0,allan roberts email jim thanks shall drop e mail vince james w petrie jr us arthurandersen com pm vkamins enron com cc allan roberts uk arthurandersen com subject allan roberts email vince pleasure meet afternoon promised please find allan email address look forward working enron mit finding better ways value companies questions please feel free contact jim james w petrie jr knowledge sharing director energy industry knowledge services group arthur andersen llp houston office voice fax james w petrie jr us arthurandersen com internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed
"Subject: re : lawyer  ian ,  sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  i have one challenge i did not anticipate  when i talked to you the first time about our real options  internal seminar .  the materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor  from another school , and there is some sensitivity regarding  the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the materials  outside enron .  please , give me some time to find out if i can work  around this issue .  vince  "" macmillan , ian "" on 03 / 07 / 2001 06 : 46 : 28 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : lawyer  i still have not heard from your lawyer . i would like to see whar materials  you are using and assess how we could work on the topic of real options with  enron",0,lawyer ian sorry delay getting back one challenge anticipate talked first time real options internal seminar materials prepared collaboration professor another school sensitivity regarding intellectual property rights ability distribute materials outside enron please give time find work around issue vince macmillan ian vince j kaminski enron com cc subject lawyer still heard lawyer would like see whar materials using assess could work topic real options enron
"Subject: our meeting next week  vince and grant ,  first let me apologize for cancelling our meeting with you this friday . i  hope we can reschedule next week as i ' ll arrive in houston monday mid - day .  i ' d love to talk to you as i know the knowledge base in your group related to  my new responsibilities is huge . will you be able to free up some time of  some of your team members to help us ?  as an example , i ' d like to show you our position book ( cash ) . it ' s far from  being perfect . i ' d like to know whether we should persevere and improve it  or whether there are some models in ena that we could copycat . . . .  i look forward to seeing you next week ,  remi",0,meeting next week vince grant first let apologize cancelling meeting friday hope reschedule next week arrive houston monday mid day love talk know knowledge base group related new responsibilities huge able free time team members help us example like show position book cash far perfect like know whether persevere improve whether models ena could copycat look forward seeing next week remi
"Subject: re : recommendation of an outstanding baylor mba student for summer  internship  jim ,  i shall contact althea and make sure rusty meets with the research group  members .  vince  jim garven on 03 / 28 / 2001 01 : 01 : 42 pm  to : stinson _ gibner @ enron . com  cc : vince _ j _ kaminski @ enron . com  subject : recommendation of an outstanding baylor mba student for summer  internship  dear stinson ,  i would like to call your attention to rusty parks , who is an mba student  here and has been serving as my research assistant since last fall . ? rusty is  a very outstanding individual with a very impressive work ethic and interest  in topics such as financial engineering and technology , particularly as these  issues pertain to the energy industry . ? ? in fact , you met rusty during your  recent visit to baylor ( specifically , last month over dinner at the gamma  iota sigma chartering ceremony ) .  i happen to know that rusty is already scheduled to visit enron for an  interview for a summer internship on april 19 . ? he has been invited by althea  gordon . ? if there is any possibility that you could meet with him during his  visit , i am sure that he would be most grateful . ? rusty is one of the very  best research assistants i have ever had , and i am sure that enron would  benefit from having him aboard during the coming summer .  sincerely ,  jim garven  p . s . : please find rusty ' s resume attached to this email .  james r . garven , ph . d .  professor of finance & insurance  department of finance , insurance and real estate  hankamer school of business  hsb 336  baylor university  box 98004  waco , tx ? 76798  voice : ( 254 ) 710 - 6207  fax : ( 603 ) 994 - 6680  e - mail : james _ garven @ baylor . edu  home page : http : / / garven . baylor . edu  vita : http : / / garven . baylor . edu / dossier . html  research paper archive : http : / / garven . baylor . edu / research . html  - rusty parks resume . doc",0,recommendation outstanding baylor mba student summer internship jim shall contact althea make sure rusty meets research group members vince jim garven pm stinson gibner enron com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject recommendation outstanding baylor mba student summer internship dear stinson would like call attention rusty parks mba student serving research assistant since last fall rusty outstanding individual impressive work ethic interest topics financial engineering technology particularly issues pertain energy industry fact met rusty recent visit baylor specifically last month dinner gamma iota sigma chartering ceremony happen know rusty already scheduled visit enron interview summer internship april invited althea gordon possibility could meet visit sure would grateful rusty one best research assistants ever sure enron would benefit aboard coming summer sincerely jim garven p please find rusty resume attached email james r garven ph professor finance insurance department finance insurance real estate hankamer school business hsb baylor university box waco tx voice fax e mail james garven baylor edu home page http garven baylor edu vita http garven baylor edu dossier html research paper archive http garven baylor edu research html rusty parks resume doc
"Subject: congratulations !  vince ,  congratulations on your promotion to managing director .  best wishes for your continued success .  bob",0,congratulations vince congratulations promotion managing director best wishes continued success bob
"Subject: electricity prices  vince ,  please find attached electricity prices file , let me know if you need any  additional information .  sincerely , elena",0,electricity prices vince please find attached electricity prices file let know need additional information sincerely elena
"Subject: you don ' t satisfy me fgtpril  a man endowed with a 7 - 8 "" hammer is simply  better equipped than a man with a 5 - 6 "" hammer .  would you rather havemore than enough to get the job done or fall very short . it ' s totally upto you . our methods are guaranteed to increase your size by 1 - 3 "" enter here and see how ",1,satisfy fgtpril man endowed hammer simply better equipped man hammer would rather havemore enough get job done fall short totally upto methods guaranteed increase size enter see
"Subject: re : completion of ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski :  eva : remedy 412144  vince ,  you have been approved for the technical view within ibuyit . changes will take effect on next login .  thank you ,  sap security ( eva -  from : raul davila / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 02 pm  to : sap security @ enron  cc :  subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144  approved  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : tow , eva on behalf of sap security  sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 5 : 39 pm  to : davila , raul  cc : vkamins @ enron . com ; crenshaw , shirley  subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144  raul ,  raul ,  vince kaminiski is requesting acces to the technical view for catalog along with the ibuyit approval role . this is pending your approval . please send your response to sap security .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw @ ect  04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 01 pm  to : sapsecurity @ enron . com  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : ibuyit form  attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing  director , research group .  he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 .  >  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ibuyit form  hi shirley  there were two shirleys , so sending to both  >  isc help desk ",0,completion ibuyit request wincenty vince kaminski eva remedy vince approved technical view within ibuyit changes take effect next login thank sap security eva raul davila enron enronxgate pm sap security enron cc subject pending approval ibuyit request wincenty vince kaminski eva remedy approved original message tow eva behalf sap security sent thursday april pm davila raul cc vkamins enron com crenshaw shirley subject pending approval ibuyit request wincenty vince kaminski eva remedy raul raul vince kaminiski requesting acces technical view catalog along ibuyit approval role pending approval please send response sap security thanks shirley crenshaw ect pm sapsecurity enron com cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject ibuyit form attached please find completed form vince kaminski managing director research group approving purchases cost center forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm debbie skinner enron enronxgate pm shirley crenshaw houston eott eott shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject ibuyit form hi shirley two shirleys sending isc help desk
"Subject: organizational announcement - introducing enron engineering and  operational services  in order to better align our engineering and operations capabilities with the  commercial businesses they support , we are pleased to announce the following  organizational change will be effective immediately . a new business unit ,  enron engineering and operational services ( eeos ) , is being formed which will  include our existing operations in enron engineering and construction company  ( ee & cc ) , operational energy corporation ( oec ) , and national energy production  corporation ( nepco ) .  brian stanley , as president and chief executive officer , and keith dodson , as  chief operating officer will provide the leadership for this new  organization , reporting to the office of the chairman of enron wholesale  services . nepco will continue to operate as a stand - alone business under  john gillis , president .  with the majority of ee & cc and oec  , s activities focused on assets and  projects which are in wholesale services , this will better align the efforts  of eeos with the commercial businesses it supports . while eeos will be a  stand - alone unit within enron wholesale services it will work very closely  with and have direct accountability to the business units it supports .  this realignment also centralizes our engineering and operations capabilities  in a single business segment and should ensure that innovation and best  practices are shared and implemented across our many operations and will also  allow for better identification of priorities and more effective allocation  of resources to these projects . consistent with this approach , development  engineering will have dual reporting to both eeos and the business units  which they support .  with an extensive and varied portfolio of assets around the world and a wide  variety of new development opportunities available to enron , it is critical  that we continue to maintain the best in class capability to design ,  construct , commission , and effectively manage and operate enron  , s assets on a  global basis .  this new global business unit should insure that we will continue to enhance  these demonstrated capabilities and provide us with a sustainable advantage  as we advance our business strategy around the world .  please join us in congratulating brian and keith on their new assignments .  mark frevert & dave delainey",0,organizational announcement introducing enron engineering operational services order better align engineering operations capabilities commercial businesses support pleased announce following organizational change effective immediately new business unit enron engineering operational services eeos formed include existing operations enron engineering construction company ee cc operational energy corporation oec national energy production corporation nepco brian stanley president chief executive officer keith dodson chief operating officer provide leadership new organization reporting office chairman enron wholesale services nepco continue operate stand alone business john gillis president majority ee cc oec activities focused assets projects wholesale services better align efforts eeos commercial businesses supports eeos stand alone unit within enron wholesale services work closely direct accountability business units supports realignment also centralizes engineering operations capabilities single business segment ensure innovation best practices shared implemented across many operations also allow better identification priorities effective allocation resources projects consistent approach development engineering dual reporting eeos business units support extensive varied portfolio assets around world wide variety new development opportunities available enron critical continue maintain best class capability design construct commission effectively manage operate enron assets global basis new global business unit insure continue enhance demonstrated capabilities provide us sustainable advantage advance business strategy around world please join us congratulating brian keith new assignments mark frevert dave delainey
"Subject: re : your presentation  vince ,  i ' m very happy you found the presentation useful .  i ' m working very closely with adam kulick who you probably know .  please let me know if you have any questions or if you have any difficulty  opening the file .  best regards ,  alla  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , june 19 , 2000 1 : 43 pm  to : gil , alla  cc : vince j kaminski  subject : your presentation  alla ,  i enjoyed your presentation at risk 2000 last week .  i would appreciate an electronic copy of the documentation .  vince kaminski  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  - riskcongress . ppt",0,presentation vince happy found presentation useful working closely adam kulick probably know please let know questions difficulty opening file best regards alla original message vince j kaminski mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday june pm gil alla cc vince j kaminski subject presentation alla enjoyed presentation risk last week would appreciate electronic copy documentation vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com riskcongress ppt
"Subject: value lab meeting on the lst of august  amy :  below are the individuals vince wants to include in this meeting . do you  want me to send the email out or is it better coming from you ? i have  reserved ebl 9 cl , however , since most of the guys are located on an  upper floor we may want to see if we can get something up there .  let me know .  attendees  amy oberg  vince kaminski  rick causey  rick buy  mark koenig",0,value lab meeting lst august amy individuals vince wants include meeting want send email better coming reserved ebl cl however since guys located upper floor may want see get something let know attendees amy oberg vince kaminski rick causey rick buy mark koenig
"Subject: re : possible hire ?  kathy ,  thanks for your message . we are very interested in talking to keith .  please , give him my phone number / e - mail address  and he can contact me directly .  vince  "" kathy ensor "" on 04 / 18 / 2000 11 : 32 : 27 am  to :  cc :  subject : possible hire ?  dear vince ,  a faculty member in our department , namely dr . keith baggerly ,  is interested in pursuing other employment . he is currently an  assistant professor in our program and a highly valued member of  our department . we hate to lose him , however his interest has shifted  from the academic arena to one of high level but practical application  and development of statistical methodologies including  stochastic modeling .  keith is actually a graduate of our ph . d . program ; he was in the same  group of students as martin lawera . keith spent several years at los  alamos national lab before we recruited him back to rice . he has  been on our faculty now for three years and it is my expectation  ( and that of my colleagues ) that if he remained he would receive  tenure .  keith has a strong interest in financial models and the background  to support his interest . he is also a leading expert in statistical  computing , empirical likelihood , categorical models and areas  of statistics falling under the general bailiwick of "" data mining "" .  he is a creative thinker .  i do not know if there are possibilities for keith within your group ,  however  i believe it is an excellent match of talent and objectives . would you  have an interest in speaking with keith ? if so , i will suggest that he  contact you .  best regards ,  kathy ensor  katherine bennett ensor e - mail : ensor @ rice . edu  professor and chair or :  kathy @ stat . rice . edu  department of statistics , ms 138 phone # : ( 713 ) 348 4687  rice university dept . # : ( 713 )  348 6032  houston , tx 77251 - 1892 fax # : ( 713 ) 348 5476",0,possible hire kathy thanks message interested talking keith please give phone number e mail address contact directly vince kathy ensor cc subject possible hire dear vince faculty member department namely dr keith baggerly interested pursuing employment currently assistant professor program highly valued member department hate lose however interest shifted academic arena one high level practical application development statistical methodologies including stochastic modeling keith actually graduate ph program group students martin lawera keith spent several years los alamos national lab recruited back rice faculty three years expectation colleagues remained would receive tenure keith strong interest financial models background support interest also leading expert statistical computing empirical likelihood categorical models areas statistics falling general bailiwick data mining creative thinker know possibilities keith within group however believe excellent match talent objectives would interest speaking keith suggest contact best regards kathy ensor katherine bennett ensor e mail ensor rice edu professor chair kathy stat rice edu department statistics ms phone rice university dept houston tx fax
"Subject: first derivatives class  bob ,  i have asked martin , zimin , and paulo to prepare short presentations on the  power , gas , and crude markets , respectively . this will take probably 45  minutes of class time . in addition i will prepare some lecture  material . if we don ' t have enough class time to cover all assigned  problems , we can just roll them to the next class .  thanks ,  stinson",0,first derivatives class bob asked martin zimin paulo prepare short presentations power gas crude markets respectively take probably minutes class time addition prepare lecture material enough class time cover assigned problems roll next class thanks stinson
"Subject: 2000 chairman ' s award  everyday heroes are all around us at enron , living our core values of  respect , integrity , communication and excellence in everything they do . some  of these heroes make a big splash while others just quietly make a difference  in the workplace around them . either way , these special individuals deserve  to be recognized with a nomination for the 2000 chairman ' s award .  as there is more than just one employee living the values at enron , this  award program will honor 10 employees as members of the chairman ' s  roundtable . from that group , the one individual most embodying our values  will be presented with the chairman ' s award at the management conference in  san antonio in november .  the beauty of this award program is that it is completely employee - driven  from beginning to end . from your nominations , an international employee  committee will select the chairman ' s roundtable and eventually , the  chairman ' s award winner . your role of nominating our everyday heroes is  extremely vital to the program ' s success . if someone has made a positive  impression on you , please take the time to complete a nomination form and  send it to charla reese by october 1 , 2000 . you may click here for a  printable form : http : / / home . enron . com / announce / chairman _ nom / form 3 . doc  for more information on the chairman ' s award , including details on last  year ' s roundtable members and previous winners , repit suliyono and bobbye  brown , please click here : http : / / home . enron . com / announce / chairman _ nom  again , this is a very special award at enron and we sincerely thank you for  your participation .  ken , jeff and joe",0,chairman award everyday heroes around us enron living core values respect integrity communication excellence everything heroes make big splash others quietly make difference workplace around either way special individuals deserve recognized nomination chairman award one employee living values enron award program honor employees members chairman roundtable group one individual embodying values presented chairman award management conference san antonio november beauty award program completely employee driven beginning end nominations international employee committee select chairman roundtable eventually chairman award winner role nominating everyday heroes extremely vital program success someone made positive impression please take time complete nomination form send charla reese october may click printable form http home enron com announce chairman nom form doc information chairman award including details last year roundtable members previous winners repit suliyono bobbye brown please click http home enron com announce chairman nom special award enron sincerely thank participation ken jeff joe
"Subject: thank you for power 2000  hi vince  just wanted to thank you for your participation at power 2000 last week and  for contributing to the success of the conference . the feedback we received  was absolutely glowing and we were delighted with the smooth - running of the  event . thank you for being a key part of that . as always , your presentations  went down extremely well and your presence at our events makes a big  difference , as people are alwyas keen to hear both form you personally and  from enron as a company .  as i mentioned to you , i have recently been given the responsibility of  creating and developing a new conference stream in the financial technology  sector under the waters brand , so i would like to take this opportunity to  say how much i have enjoyed working with you in the past couple of years and  to wish you the best of luck in the future . please stay in touch and if you  come to new york , please let me know so i can take you out for a drink !  best regards and thank you again both for your patience in helping me  research topics and for being so willing to participate at our events .  emma  ?  ?  emma wolfin  manager , waters conferences  tel 212 925 1864 ext 151",0,thank power hi vince wanted thank participation power last week contributing success conference feedback received absolutely glowing delighted smooth running event thank key part always presentations went extremely well presence events makes big difference people alwyas keen hear form personally enron company mentioned recently given responsibility creating developing new conference stream financial technology sector waters brand would like take opportunity say much enjoyed working past couple years wish best luck future please stay touch come new york please let know take drink best regards thank patience helping research topics willing participate events emma emma wolfin manager waters conferences tel ext
"Subject: re : signature ' s  kevin ,  i would like to see the expense reports to monitor  the rate at which we approach our group budget limits .  thanks .  vince  kevin g moore  02 / 22 / 2000 08 : 48 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : signature ' s  hello everyone ,  starting today , 2 / 22 / 00 mike roberts signed a expense report .  vince , i need to know from you if this is okay and do you want to see  them ?  also shirley , if mike signs for anything else other than a expense report ,  i will pass it by your desk whereby you can know exactly what it is .  thanks  kevin moore  please inform . . . . . . . .",0,signature kevin would like see expense reports monitor rate approach group budget limits thanks vince kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject signature hello everyone starting today mike roberts signed expense report vince need know okay want see also shirley mike signs anything else expense report pass desk whereby know exactly thanks kevin moore please inform
Subject: claim your free $ 1000 home depot gift card .  claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) .  by exclusiverewards  udexhoyp,1,claim free home depot gift card claim home depot gift card value sure find use gift card area exclusiverewards udexhoyp
"Subject: your order  hwjw  learn how to use the easy signup for a paypal account to make a  lot of money on your own  how to use your  paypal account to make up $ 15 , 000 or more in  just 30 days with  worldwide participation ! - you can participate if paypal is  in your country  -  here is a list of all paypal countries  if you wish to stop receiving  our promo pleases reply with subject remove  1658999 ",1,order hwjw learn use easy signup paypal account make lot money use paypal account make days worldwide participation participate paypal country list paypal countries wish stop receiving promo pleases reply subject remove
"Subject: hea ' s 34 th annual sports tournament  vincent kaminski ,  you should have received a fax over the labor day weekend regarding our  upcoming sports tournament . if you did not receive it , please visit our  website at www . houstonenergy . org and go to the "" next scheduled event "" , or  just go directly to http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public / sportscover . doc . for  all the information you need . hope to see you there and don ' t delay in  sending in your registration !  this message was sent by :  teresa knight , executive director  houston energy association ( hea )  phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551  fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424  tknight @ houstoneneryg . org  if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list ,  please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a  mini - form to remove your name automatically .  http : / / www . houstonenergy . org /  if you did not receive the attached file or it was corrupted , you can find it  at : http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public /",0,hea th annual sports tournament vincent kaminski received fax labor day weekend regarding upcoming sports tournament receive please visit website www houstonenergy org go next scheduled event go directly http www houstonenergy org public sportscover doc information need hope see delay sending registration message sent teresa knight executive director houston energy association hea phone fax tknight houstoneneryg org would like email address removed mailing list please click link hea home page find mini form remove name automatically http www houstonenergy org receive attached file corrupted find http www houstonenergy org public
"Subject: charlie weldon  charlene ,  thank you for accomodating our request to start charlie weldon in his  rotation in the research group earlier than the incoming associate official  start date of august 7 th .  as we discussed , the business purpose for this request is related to the  project we have earmarked for him , which is linked to the hurricane season ,  which starts in june .  and you have my e - handshake that we will release him to participate in the  regularly organized orientation activities scheduled for august .  we expect he will report on wednesday , june 21 st .  thanks again ,  - - mike roberts",0,charlie weldon charlene thank accomodating request start charlie weldon rotation research group earlier incoming associate official start date august th discussed business purpose request related project earmarked linked hurricane season starts june e handshake release participate regularly organized orientation activities scheduled august expect report wednesday june st thanks mike roberts
"Subject: re : new risk management book  vince ,  thanks so much ,  pedro fernando  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 21 / 2000 01 : 17 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pedro fernando manrique / enron _ development @ enron _ development , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : new risk management book  shirley ,  please , send a copy of the book to pedro fernando .  vince  pedro fernando manrique @ enron _ development  11 / 15 / 2000 02 : 04 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : new risk management book  vince ,  in colombia we are setting up a trading operation and would be nice to have a  copy of the new book for our reference . please let us know how we can get  access to a copy .  many thanks ,  pedro fernando",0,new risk management book vince thanks much pedro fernando vince j kaminski ect pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc pedro fernando manrique enron development enron development vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject new risk management book shirley please send copy book pedro fernando vince pedro fernando manrique enron development pm vince j kaminski ect cc subject new risk management book vince colombia setting trading operation would nice copy new book reference please let us know get access copy many thanks pedro fernando
"Subject: fw : chapter 3 revisions  hi grant ,  ?  chris is travelling at the moment , so i ' m contacting you on his behalf with  regards to the status of ? the completion of the chapter . ? we are dependent  on receiving this as soon as possible , since all the chapters have been  typeset and are now in the final stages of the edit process . ?  ?  please let us know when you can send this over . ?  ?  also , let us know if we can do anything .  ?  sincerely ,  julie brennan  ?  lacima group  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : chris strickland  to : grant masson  cc : julie  sent : friday , august 11 , 2000 8 : 49 am  subject : re : chapter 3 revisions  hi grant ,  thanks for that . sorry for he delay but i ' ve been away for a few days .  timely executon would be good - we have just got the proofs back for all the  other chapters from the typesetters .  best regards .  chris .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : grant masson  to : chris strickland  sent : wednesday , august 09 , 2000 9 : 14 am  subject : re : chapter 3 revisions  >  >  > chris :  >  > my and ronnie ' s revisions are complete . ? vince is having a statistics guru  > colleague review the material for glaring errors . ? he should be sending  you the  > completed chapter within a day or so .  >  > regards ,  > grant .  >  >  >",0,fw chapter revisions hi grant chris travelling moment contacting behalf regards status completion chapter dependent receiving soon possible since chapters typeset final stages edit process please let us know send also let us know anything sincerely julie brennan lacima group original message chris strickland grant masson cc julie sent friday august subject chapter revisions hi grant thanks sorry delay away days timely executon would good got proofs back chapters typesetters best regards chris original message grant masson chris strickland sent wednesday august subject chapter revisions chris ronnie revisions complete vince statistics guru colleague review material glaring errors sending completed chapter within day regards grant
"Subject: re :  wicek ,  wyslalem ci nasza ksiazke razem z kilkoma pracami  matematyczno / finansowo / energetycznymi i dwa egzemplarze rynku terminowego ,  w ktorym od 2000 roku jest dzial poswiecony rynkowi energii ( jego  redaktorem jest alek ) . mam nadzieje , ze to cie zainteresuje .  ksiazka jest zainteresowany cambridge university press i w tej chwili jest  recenzowany draft angielskiej wersji ( mozesz do sciagnac ze strony :  http : / / www . im . pwr . wroc . pl / ~ rweron / gene . html ) . angielski jest jeszcze  slaby ( tlumaczyla moja studentka ) , ale da sie czytac . w ostatecznej wersji  planujemy pare zmian . jakbys mial czas to przegladnij ksiazke , wszelkie  uwagi bardzo mile widziane .  rafal",0,wicek wyslalem ci nasza ksiazke razem z kilkoma pracami matematyczno finansowo energetycznymi dwa egzemplarze rynku terminowego w ktorym od roku jest dzial poswiecony rynkowi energii jego redaktorem jest alek mam nadzieje ze cie zainteresuje ksiazka jest zainteresowany cambridge university press w tej chwili jest recenzowany draft angielskiej wersji mozesz sciagnac ze strony http www im pwr wroc pl rweron gene html angielski jest jeszcze slaby tlumaczyla moja studentka ale da sie czytac w ostatecznej wersji planujemy pare zmian jakbys mial czas przegladnij ksiazke wszelkie uwagi bardzo mile widziane rafal
"Subject: re : summer internship  vince ,  i just wanted to tell you that i am looking forward to being there again and  thank you for giving me this opportunity to contribute and learn . official  starting dates ( as i was told by a vasant shanbhogue  > subject : re : summer internship  >  >  >  >  > cantekin ,  >  > the summer associate program has closed but i shall check to see  > if i can get one extra place .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" cantekin dincerler "" on 03 / 28 / 2000  > 11 : 48 : 53 am  >  > please respond to cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu  >  > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  > cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  > subject : summer internship  >  >  >  > hi vince ,  >  > i am writing you at this time to inquire as to the potential  > of renewing my  > internship at enron for the summer of 2000 .  >  > while the date of my request is later than i would have  > wished , the reason  > is that i had originally planned to go back to turkey this  > summer and get  > my mandatory military duty done . however , i now realize i can  > put it off to  > a further date . that left me wondering if you believe there  > is a project  > that i can get involved in this summer and be useful . if that were the  > case , i would be more than happy to postpone my military duty  > and spend the  > summer with the research group . i discussed this with dr .  > ronn , and he is  > very supportive of this idea .  >  > i apologize again for bringing up this issue late , and look forward to  > hearing from you .  >  > best regards ,  >  > - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  > cantekin dincerler  >  > doctoral candidate  > the university of texas at austin  > graduate school of business  > department of finance  > office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  > fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  > home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  > http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,summer internship vince wanted tell looking forward thank giving opportunity contribute learn official starting dates told vasant shanbhogue subject summer internship cantekin summer associate program closed shall check see get one extra place vince cantekin dincerler please respond cantekin mail utexas edu vkamins ect enron com cc bcc vince j kaminski hou ect subject summer internship hi vince writing time inquire potential renewing internship enron summer date request later would wished reason originally planned go back turkey summer get mandatory military duty done however realize put date left wondering believe project get involved summer useful case would happy postpone military duty spend summer research group discussed dr ronn supportive idea apologize bringing issue late look forward hearing best regards oooo oooo cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate university texas austin graduate school business department finance office fax home http uts cc utexas edu cantekin oooo oooo
"Subject: optical network engineering & enron research offsite meeting  ravi ,  the proposed dates work for me .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2000  05 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner  03 / 09 / 2000 02 : 22 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : optical network engineering & enron research offsite meeting  vince ,  i will not be able to attend on this weekend ( april 15 ) , but i think the main  point is for john ' s guys to meet the rest of our group . most of them know  me already .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2000  02 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ravi thuraisingham @ enron communications on 03 / 06 / 2000 04 : 29 : 34 pm  to : john _ griebling @ palm . net , dorn _ hetzel @ palm . net , vince kaminski  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , kenny burroughs / enron communications @ enron  communications , jim irvine / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : optical network engineering & enron research offsite meeting  hi john , as per our discussion and e - mails , i am suggesting the following  dates for the subject offsite : april 14 & 15 th ( friday & sat ) . place and  agenda to follow once this date is nailed up . the heads of each group will  decide who will attend . we would also invite kevin hannon , scott yeager , tom  gros , ted seitz and jean mrha once the dates and agenda are agreed upon by  the technical folks .  as before , the idea is to introduce the two of the most technical groups  within enron and to exchange ideas and issues . the enron research team will  provide trading and modeling presentations and the optical network  engineering team will present networking and components related topics .  take away from the two days will be to provide john griebling ' s group with  better understanding about how the trading markets have developed in general  and energy markets in particular via enron ( i . e . , how the sausage was  made ! ) . likewise , john ' s group will provide us with better understanding of  optical networking from a technical perspective . particularily , how ebs is  planning to develop the puplic switched optical network ( pson ) that john has  ' branded ' our pooling point based network !  please reply asap if these two days ( april 14 & 15 ) will work . additionally ,  john , is the original suggestion to hold it in scott yeager ' s cabin somewhere  up in colorado mts . still holds ? if yes , i should probably let scott know !  if not , i ' ll try to find other places - - any suggestions , anyone ?  regards ,  ravi .",0,optical network engineering enron research offsite meeting ravi proposed dates work vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm stinson gibner pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject optical network engineering enron research offsite meeting vince able attend weekend april think main point john guys meet rest group know already stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm ravi thuraisingham enron communications pm john griebling palm net dorn hetzel palm net vince kaminski cc stinson gibner hou ect ect kenny burroughs enron communications enron communications jim irvine enron communications enron communications subject optical network engineering enron research offsite meeting hi john per discussion e mails suggesting following dates subject offsite april th friday sat place agenda follow date nailed heads group decide attend would also invite kevin hannon scott yeager tom gros ted seitz jean mrha dates agenda agreed upon technical folks idea introduce two technical groups within enron exchange ideas issues enron research team provide trading modeling presentations optical network engineering team present networking components related topics take away two days provide john griebling group better understanding trading markets developed general energy markets particular via enron e sausage made likewise john group provide us better understanding optical networking technical perspective particularily ebs planning develop puplic switched optical network pson john branded pooling point based network please reply asap two days april work additionally john original suggestion hold scott yeager cabin somewhere colorado mts still holds yes probably let scott know try find places suggestions anyone regards ravi
Subject: books about thailand  hello  planning a trip to thailand ?  like to eat thai food ?  need to learn thai ?  check out our recommendations at http : / / www . thaibooks . ch !  new : we are featuring novels too . ,1,books thailand hello planning trip thailand like eat thai food need learn thai check recommendations http www thaibooks ch new featuring novels
"Subject: re : meeting  sorry for the rescheduling . shalesh is unable to make it until late this  afternoon . since what we have is informal and not urgent , perhaps we can  catch you for a few minutes just sometime late today or tomorrow before you  leave . otherwise , it can wait until you return .  thanks ,  martin  vince j kaminski  09 / 19 / 2000 08 : 36 am  to : martin lin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : meeting  martin ,  let ' s try bet 1 and 2 : 30 .  vince  from : martin lin on 09 / 19 / 2000 08 : 30 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : meeting  shalesh and i wanted to meet with you briefly , but this morning ' s timing  isn ' t working out . are you available this afternoon , sometime after 5 pm ?  thanks ,  martin",0,meeting sorry rescheduling shalesh unable make late afternoon since informal urgent perhaps catch minutes sometime late today tomorrow leave otherwise wait return thanks martin vince j kaminski martin lin hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject meeting martin let try bet vince martin lin vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject meeting shalesh wanted meet briefly morning timing working available afternoon sometime pm thanks martin
"Subject: part time job for you . ( ref : 375 )  hq management , s . a .  if you have bank account or you can open new one then we need you !  excellent income , no initial investments . no more than couple of hours a day required .  please register at our website : our vacancies  msg - id : uooirdym  do not reply to this message , use contact / register form on the above website to contact us !  copyright 2005 hq management , s . a . all rights reserved .  cerise dialect coliform covalent dazzle profundity sawfly resonant boon johnsen emory ",1,part time job ref hq management bank account open new one need excellent income initial investments couple hours day required please register website vacancies msg id uooirdym reply message use contact register form website contact us copyright hq management rights reserved cerise dialect coliform covalent dazzle profundity sawfly resonant boon johnsen emory
"Subject: last day notification  shelia walton , hr , told me that my last day with my department will be june  30 . meanwhile i talked last week to ebs , enrononline , and ees . i was most  interested in the ees talk with harold buchanan who needs to know that he has  the most complete list of potential customers and then information about  those customers .  any happenings from your talks ?",0,last day notification shelia walton hr told last day department june meanwhile talked last week ebs enrononline ees interested ees talk harold buchanan needs know complete list potential customers information customers happenings talks
"Subject: re : enron / stanford program  nick ,  vince asked me to coordinate the planning for you august visit to enron .  vince and i are free almost any date except august 14 and 15 th , but we would  like to try and schedule your visit at a time when you could meet with other  key ebs executives such as kevin hannon and perhaps ken rice and john  echols . if you could send me a few of your preferred choices of dates , i  will try to optimize getting you on the calendars of these individuals .  by the way , giuseppe is doing a great job and has already made a very good  impression on everyone he has worked with . it ' s been a real pleasure having  him here for the summer .  regards ,  stinson",0,enron stanford program nick vince asked coordinate planning august visit enron vince free almost date except august th would like try schedule visit time could meet key ebs executives kevin hannon perhaps ken rice john echols could send preferred choices dates try optimize getting calendars individuals way giuseppe great job already made good impression everyone worked real pleasure summer regards stinson
"Subject: re : proposed darden interview schedule - april 18  sherri :  2 : 00 pm on the 18 th of april is fine for vince kaminski .  his "" bio "" is attached . if you need anything else , please let me know .  shirley  enron north america corp .  from : sherri sera @ enron 04 / 11 / 2000 03 : 42 pm  to : bert frazier / hou / ect @ ect , karen owens / hou / ees @ ees , jewel meeks / enron  communications @ enron communications , mercedes estrada / enron  communications @ enron communications , bridget maronge / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : proposed darden interview schedule - april 18  ladies , i ' m trying to finalize this schedule prior to my vacation 4 / 13 - 14 .  please confirm that the time proposed below will work for your executive .  additionally , would you please e - mail me a bio for your executive ; the  professors have requested it .  thanks for your help . srs  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherri sera / corp / enron on 04 / 11 / 2000  03 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : sherri sera 03 / 31 / 2000 05 : 15 pm  to : gene humphrey / hou / ect @ ect , lou l pai / hou / ees @ ees , ken rice / enron  communications @ enron communications , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : bert frazier / hou / ect @ ect , karen owens / hou / ees @ ees , jewel meeks / enron  communications @ enron communications , mercedes estrada / enron  communications @ enron communications , bridget maronge / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : proposed darden interview schedule - april 18  below is proposed schedule for the darden case video - taped interviews ; an  hour has been scheduled for each of you ( except vince , for whom 1 - 1 / 2 hours  has been requested ) , however , you may be finished in less time . the location  is yet to be determined , but will most likely take place in a vacant office  of 50 m .  please let me know of any conflicts with this proposed schedule . i ' ll send  along additional information as it becomes available . thank you and have a  nice weekend . srs  8 : 00 a gene humphrey  9 : 00 a lou pai  10 : 00 a ken rice  11 : 00 a andy fastow  12 : 00 p break  2 : 00 p vince kaminski  3 : 30 p jeff skilling",0,proposed darden interview schedule april sherri pm th april fine vince kaminski bio attached need anything else please let know shirley enron north america corp sherri sera enron pm bert frazier hou ect ect karen owens hou ees ees jewel meeks enron communications enron communications mercedes estrada enron communications enron communications bridget maronge hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject proposed darden interview schedule april ladies trying finalize schedule prior vacation please confirm time proposed work executive additionally would please e mail bio executive professors requested thanks help srs forwarded sherri sera corp enron pm sherri sera pm gene humphrey hou ect ect lou l pai hou ees ees ken rice enron communications enron communications andrew fastow hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc bert frazier hou ect ect karen owens hou ees ees jewel meeks enron communications enron communications mercedes estrada enron communications enron communications bridget maronge hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject proposed darden interview schedule april proposed schedule darden case video taped interviews hour scheduled except vince hours requested however may finished less time location yet determined likely take place vacant office please let know conflicts proposed schedule send along additional information becomes available thank nice weekend srs gene humphrey lou pai ken rice andy fastow p break p vince kaminski p jeff skilling
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ali iisted software is availabie for immediate downioad !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few examples :  - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language !  best regards ,  zaida ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions qerman french spanish uk many others ali iisted software availabie immediate downioad need wait week cd delivery examples norton internet security pro windows xp professional sp fuil version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite includinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native language best regards zaida
"Subject: re : interview  steve ,  i submitted my evaluation . general impression was rather  negative : he seems to be a consultant type person  who speaks about everything with confidence but is short on depth  and technical details .  he is personable , outspoken , organized - on the positive  side .  also , the red flag is that he jumps from job to job : typical after  18 - 24 months when any organization can ascertain his usefulness .  vince  from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 17 / 2001 01 : 03 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : interview  hi vince ,  what did you think of david hsu ?  my thoughts .  overall a good guy . personable . intelligent .  he could communicate reasonably well , but seemed to be capable of losing  objectivity in favour of technical advancement .  he didn ' t seem comfortable with taking a man - management role ( at least he  didn ' t want to be an ' administrator ' )  he appeared to know a lot about risk . ( in fact jay web called me to say he  felt david was one of the better risk guys he had seen but also commented  that he needed to be coupled with a project manager to be successfull ) .  regards  steve",0,interview steve submitted evaluation general impression rather negative seems consultant type person speaks everything confidence short depth technical details personable outspoken organized positive side also red flag jumps job job typical months organization ascertain usefulness vince stephen stock enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject interview hi vince think david hsu thoughts overall good guy personable intelligent could communicate reasonably well seemed capable losing objectivity favour technical advancement seem comfortable taking man management role least want administrator appeared know lot risk fact jay web called say felt david one better risk guys seen also commented needed coupled project manager successfull regards steve
"Subject: daily rates - jackups  john :  claudio put together a spreadsheet for cheking the change on a composed  jackup index against the change on individual categories of jackups and  semis . he did not weighted the index because we think we will benefit from a  simpler index price calculation by taking the straight average .  the results show a good r - square between the general index and individual  jackup categories - on the range of 0 . 7 - 0 . 8 . only one category displayed a  poor r - square - about 0 . 3 . for semis of 4 tht and 5 th generation , however , we  noticed a degradation on the hedge effectiveness - r - squares about 0 . 2 - 0 . 3 .  you may verify each regression by changing the choice cell ( ax 2 on analysis ) .  claudio is also starting to analyze how gas and crude past moving averages ,  12 month swaps on gas / crude , and rigs utilization explains the daily rates .  we will forward the results as soon as we finish .  please call me or claudio if you have questions .  paulo issler",0,daily rates jackups john claudio put together spreadsheet cheking change composed jackup index change individual categories jackups semis weighted index think benefit simpler index price calculation taking straight average results show good r square general index individual jackup categories range one category displayed poor r square semis tht th generation however noticed degradation hedge effectiveness r squares may verify regression changing choice cell ax analysis claudio also starting analyze gas crude past moving averages month swaps gas crude rigs utilization explains daily rates forward results soon finish please call claudio questions paulo issler
"Subject: re : thursday visit  good morning frank :  reservations have been made for you at the doubletree hotel , downtown  houston ( allen center ) . the confirmation # is : 87948774 . the hotel  telephone no . is : 713 / 759 - 0202 .  see you on thursday and have a safe trip .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research  713 / 853 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 18 / 2000  08 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  12 / 18 / 2000 08 : 27 am  to : "" francis x . diebold "" @ enron  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : thursday visit  frank ,  we are located at 1400 smith . any cab driver can identify the enron building .  when you arrive ,  please , call me at 3 - 3848 from the reception to be admitted into the  building .  alternative phone numbers : 3 - 5290 ( my assistant shirley crenshaw ) . you can  also try to call me on  my cell phone : 713 898 9960 .  the research group meeting starts at 11 : 30 and lasts till 1 : 00 . can you make  a presentation  about your research projects ? what audio / video equipment do you need ? what  sandwich would  you like to have for lunch ?  we shall make a hotel reservation for you thursday night .  vince  "" francis x . diebold "" on 12 / 18 / 2000 07 : 02 : 46 am  to : vince kaminski  cc : bmierts @ enron . com  subject : thursday visit  hi vince , looking forward to seeing you thursday . ? i arrive at houston - bush  on usair 1769 at 10 : 55 am . ? please let me know where to go . ? i also want to  verify that you have booked me a hotel ? for thurs night . ? many thanks , and  see you soon , frank  - -  francis x . diebold  wp carey professor  department of economics  university of pennsylvania  3718 locust walk  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 ? telephone  ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 ? fax  ?",0,thursday visit good morning frank reservations made doubletree hotel downtown houston allen center confirmation hotel telephone see thursday safe trip regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski francis x diebold enron cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject thursday visit frank located smith cab driver identify enron building arrive please call reception admitted building alternative phone numbers assistant shirley crenshaw also try call cell phone research group meeting starts lasts till make presentation research projects audio video equipment need sandwich would like lunch shall make hotel reservation thursday night vince francis x diebold vince kaminski cc bmierts enron com subject thursday visit hi vince looking forward seeing thursday arrive houston bush usair please let know go also want verify booked hotel thurs night many thanks see soon frank francis x diebold wp carey professor department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax
"Subject: re : fwd : latest roster - rice  no problem - pam  at 05 : 42 pm 3 / 7 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  > pam ,  >  > thanks ,  >  > yes , i need the e - mail addresses as well .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > pamela vande krol castro on 03 / 07 / 2001 04 : 19 : 01 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : fwd : latest roster - rice  >  >  > let ' s try this again ! - pam  >  >  > > date : wed , 07 mar 2001 16 : 13 : 42 - 0600  > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > from : pamela vande krol castro  > > subject : latest roster - rice  > >  > > here is your latest roster for mgmt 656 . let me know if you need the list  > > of e - mail addresses or if there are any discrepancies that i should  > > address . thanks for your help ! - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  >  > ( see attached file : 656 . doc )  >  >  - 656 . xls",0,fwd latest roster rice problem pam pm wrote pam thanks yes need e mail addresses well vince pamela vande krol castro pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject fwd latest roster rice let try pam date wed mar vince j kaminski enron com pamela vande krol castro subject latest roster rice latest roster mgmt let know need list e mail addresses discrepancies address thanks help pam see attached file doc xls
"Subject: candidate decisions  vince :  they are already asking for evaluations on the following individuals most  of whom were just interviewed yesterday ! however , i do not know who  bruce kamich is - i don ' t remember his interview at all .  can you give me something to tell toni .  thanks !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 07 / 28 / 2000  11 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : toni graham @ enron 07 / 28 / 2000 02 : 39 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : candidate decisions  shirley ,  could you please give me a yes , no , maybe decision on the following  candidates interviewed :  bruce kamich  philip roan  jerzy jarosz  bruce james  oleg bondar  thanks  toni",0,candidate decisions vince already asking evaluations following individuals interviewed yesterday however know bruce kamich remember interview give something tell toni thanks forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect enron north america corp toni graham enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject candidate decisions shirley could please give yes maybe decision following candidates interviewed bruce kamich philip roan jerzy jarosz bruce james oleg bondar thanks toni
"Subject: re : check  vince ,  ?  please find attached an invoice that was sent to habiba back in september .  ?  thanks ,  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : wednesday , november 01 , 2000 2 : 43 pm  subject : re : check  julie ,  yes , ? this is how we split this expense internally .  please , send it to me .  vince  "" julie "" on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 57 : 55 am  to : ? ?  cc :  subject : ? re : check  vince ,  oh . i sent an invoice to habiba for aus 5 k a while back , and she ? informed  me that she passed it along to the people who are handling the ? agreement  now ( i take that as fiona grant in london ? ) . i will then send ? out another  invoice of aus 5 k in the next week or so for the remaining ? balance .  should i have sent the invoice to you ?  thanks ,  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 9 : 12 ? pm  subject : re : check  julie ,  a clarification . we had an agreement with ? chris and les to contribute aus  10 , 000  as a part of the ? cost .  vince  "" julie "" on 10 / 30 / 2000 ? 12 : 32 : 14 pm  to :  cc :  subject : ? re : check  vince ,  thank you for your email .  we ? will send you a copy of the book as soon as it is available , which we  are ? now estimating to be around 21 november ( no need to send us a cheque ;  you ? deserve it ) .  just let us know if we should use a different address than ? your office in  houston .  thanks again for all of your ? help .  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : ? julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : ? monday , october 30 , 2000 2 : 16 pm  subject : ? check  julie ,  this message was returned to me a few times ? when i sent it from my ? home  address .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ? vince j kaminski / hou / ect on  10 / 30 / 2000  08 : 00 am ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 28 / 2000 ? 12 : 12 : 57 pm  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com , vkamins @ enron . com  subject : ? check  julie ,  as the book is about to be released to ? the market , i would like to start  the  process to issue the check ? to lacima . who will be the payee ( lacima ) and  what  is the ? address ?  vince  - enron 202 _ 18 _ 09 _ 00 . doc",0,check vince please find attached invoice sent habiba back september thanks julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday november pm subject check julie yes split expense internally please send vince julie cc subject check vince oh sent invoice habiba aus k back informed passed along people handling agreement take fiona grant london send another invoice aus k next week remaining balance sent invoice thanks julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent monday october pm subject check julie clarification agreement chris les contribute aus part cost vince julie pm cc subject check vince thank email send copy book soon available estimating around november need send us cheque deserve let us know use different address office houston thanks help julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent monday october pm subject check julie message returned times sent home address vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vkaminski aol com pm julie lacima co uk cc vkaminski aol com vkamins enron com subject check julie book released market would like start process issue check lacima payee lacima address vince enron doc
"Subject: re : petronas benchmarking visit  khairuddin ,  i am glad you received the fax .  i shall send you the list of enron ' s participants at a later date .  i have invited a numbers of enron employees representing  our different business units , including  lng and crude trading , risk controls group and research .  vince kaminski  khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 17 / 2001 06 : 39 : 10 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : petronas benchmarking visit  vince ,  thank you for your prompt reply . we have received your fax earlier this  morning . fyi , we shall be sending you the questionaires by next week as we  are going through the final draft this week . could you please tell me who  will be joining the discussion during our visit ? thanks .  regards ,  khairuddin",0,petronas benchmarking visit khairuddin glad received fax shall send list enron participants later date invited numbers enron employees representing different business units including lng crude trading risk controls group research vince kaminski khairuddinbmjaafar petronas com pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject petronas benchmarking visit vince thank prompt reply received fax earlier morning fyi shall sending questionaires next week going final draft week could please tell joining discussion visit thanks regards khairuddin
"Subject: rab graph  i believe this will be helpful in your analysis .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael anderson / hou / azurix on 08 / 22 / 2000  08 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : keith harris / wsx / azurix @ exchange on 08 / 03 / 2000 01 : 40 pm gdt  to : michael anderson / hou / azurix @ azurix  cc : colin skellett / wsx / azurix @ exchange  subject : fw : amended index graph  michael  i have got csfb working on the amendment you asked for .  in the meantime we have produced a graph which shows , as indices , market  values of the water companies and the rab of the industry since  privatisation . the following points come out  1 market values overtime have been 1 . 1 x rab  2 the result is significantly skewed by the period between mid 1997 and end  1998 when the ratio was cl . 5 x .  3 the premium to rab is only found at a time when political uncertainty has  been removed the companies are able to outperform the regulatory deal  significantly . those days are gone - a fact witnessed by the decline in  share prices in the last year  just to note that the graph we have produced here is a weighted average of  water companies - whereas the figures we did yesterday on the rab market  value ratio is a straight average . obviously that influences the numbers a  little .  on customerco . csfb have contacted around 7 energy companies . the result  has been positive and they are prepared to enter our journal exercise . i  await a revised fee proposal but csfb have been advised that it should be  more modest than the last one !  keith  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : david kitchener  sent : 03 august 2000 13 : 27  to : keith harris  subject : amended index graph",0,rab graph believe helpful analysis forwarded michael anderson hou azurix keith harris wsx azurix exchange pm gdt michael anderson hou azurix azurix cc colin skellett wsx azurix exchange subject fw amended index graph michael got csfb working amendment asked meantime produced graph shows indices market values water companies rab industry since privatisation following points come market values overtime x rab result significantly skewed period mid end ratio cl x premium rab found time political uncertainty removed companies able outperform regulatory deal significantly days gone fact witnessed decline share prices last year note graph produced weighted average water companies whereas figures yesterday rab market value ratio straight average obviously influences numbers little customerco csfb contacted around energy companies result positive prepared enter journal exercise await revised fee proposal csfb advised modest last one keith original message david kitchener sent august keith harris subject amended index graph
"Subject: re : september 11 , 2001  hi my name is jason , i recently visited www . muhajabah . com / wtc . htm and wanted to offer my services . we could help you with your september 11 , 2001 website . we create websites that mean business for you ! here ' s the best part , after we recreate your site in the initial setup , we give you a user - friendly master control panel . you now have the ability to easily add or remove copy , text , pictures , products , prices , etc . when you want to ! i would be happy to contact you and brainstorm some ideas . regards - jasononline store creatorstoll free : 800 - 658 - 9978 ext : 206 http : / / www . . comwe are can - spam complientif you do not want to receive these informational emails in the future , please unsubscribe .",1,september hi name jason recently visited www muhajabah com wtc htm wanted offer services could help september website create websites mean business best part recreate site initial setup give user friendly master control panel ability easily add remove copy text pictures products prices etc want would happy contact brainstorm ideas regards jasononline store creatorstoll free ext http www comwe spam complientif want receive informational emails future please unsubscribe
"Subject: re : eol wti historical trade simulation  stinson ,  thanks a lot for so much work you have done for the simulation model .  it seems that our work will make an impact on eol trading , that is very  exciting .  could you e - mail me the spreadsheet model so that i can catch up with  the changes you have made ?  i read a few books during this vocation . especially a stochastic processes  book , i finished the entire book . the queueing theory is very fascinating ,  and hopefully we can apply the theory to a real ebs project .  i will take my family out to see the nature bridge caverns near san antonio  tomorrow .  see you on tuesday .  happy new year !  zimin  stinson gibner  12 / 27 / 2000 08 : 09 pm  to : greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : eol wti historical trade simulation  greg ,  here are results corrected for spread profit per round - trip transaction .  prior results incorrectly counted a spread profit per trade .  stinson",0,eol wti historical trade simulation stinson thanks lot much work done simulation model seems work make impact eol trading exciting could e mail spreadsheet model catch changes made read books vocation especially stochastic processes book finished entire book queueing theory fascinating hopefully apply theory real ebs project take family see nature bridge caverns near san antonio tomorrow see tuesday happy new year zimin stinson gibner pm greg whalley hou ect ect john j lavorato corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect subject eol wti historical trade simulation greg results corrected spread profit per round trip transaction prior results incorrectly counted spread profit per trade stinson
"Subject: erac koch p + spread options  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001  10 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner  01 / 29 / 2001 09 : 47 am  to : bob lee / na / enron @ enron , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : erac koch p + spread options  booking spreadsheet in in o : \ research \ common \ projects \ exotic 2001 _ 0125 . xls  sheet where options are booked is called "" index deals "" .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001  09 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mark fondren  01 / 26 / 2001 10 : 53 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : erac koch p + spread options  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark fondren / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2001 10 : 53  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mark fondren  01 / 25 / 2001 12 : 07 pm  to : john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect  cc : spencer vosko / hou / ect @ ect  subject : erac koch p + spread options  price 1 = wti cushing physical cash price ( wti nymex  contract ) for example , the april 2001  wti cushing price equals the aprol wti nymex  contract .  price 2 = koch oil posting for west texas / new mexico intermediate .  koch p + = price 1 - price 2  price 2 is calculated by subtracting 3 spreads from price 1  1 . koch posting / wti nymex basis spread  2 . 66 . 6 % ( aprilol / mayol wti nymex spread )  3 . 33 . 3 % ( aprilol / junol wti nymex spread )  example using 1 / 24 / 2001 wti settles aprol 28 . 31  mayol 27 . 72  junol 27 . 19  april 2001 koch posting = april 2001 wti nymex settlement -  koch / nymex basis spread - . 666 ( apr / may ) - . 333 ( apr / jun )  = 28 . 31 -  2 . 75 - . 666 ( . 59 ) - . 333 ( 1 . 12 )  = 28 . 31 -  2 . 75 - . 3929 - . 37296  = 24 . 794  koch p + = 28 . 31 - 24 . 794  = 3 . 516  please call with any questions  mark f  ext 853 - 1982",0,erac koch p spread options forwarded stinson gibner hou ect stinson gibner bob lee na enron enron paulo issler hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject erac koch p spread options booking spreadsheet research common projects exotic xls sheet options booked called index deals stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect mark fondren stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject erac koch p spread options forwarded mark fondren hou ect mark fondren pm john l nowlan hou ect ect cc spencer vosko hou ect ect subject erac koch p spread options price wti cushing physical cash price wti nymex contract example april wti cushing price equals aprol wti nymex contract price koch oil posting west texas new mexico intermediate koch p price price price calculated subtracting spreads price koch posting wti nymex basis spread aprilol mayol wti nymex spread aprilol junol wti nymex spread example using wti settles aprol mayol junol april koch posting april wti nymex settlement koch nymex basis spread apr may apr jun koch p please call questions mark f ext
"Subject: naturally irresistible your corporate identity  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstanding website  will make the task much easier .  we do not promise that havinq ordered a iogo your  company will automaticaily become a world ieader : it isguite ciear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,naturally irresistible corporate identity lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwhelminq good catchy logo stylish statlonery outstanding website make task much easier promise havinq ordered iogo company automaticaily become world ieader isguite ciear without good products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: 1000 full color brochures 335  the tsa design products & ideas expo show is just around the corner and if you are going to be an exhibitor you will need something to hand out to your prospective customers . wiley printing wants to help you do that by offering great prices on quality print collateral . here are a few examples :  1 , 000 business cards for $ 55 - full color , uv coated with 14 pt . paper stock  1 , 000 postcards for $ 150 - full color , uv coated with 14 pt . paper stock  1 , 000 brochures for $ 335 - full color , two sided 100 # gloss text  if you are interested in any of these offers or if you are looking for something a little different please contact us through one of the methods below .  wiley print  4650 cole ave # 105  dallas , tx 75205  214 . 443 . 0908 phone  214 . 443 . 0308 fax  info @ wileyprint . com  note : this is the first and last time wiley print will ever send you an email . however , if you would like to opt out please reply to this email with remove me in the subject line .",1,full color brochures tsa design products ideas expo show around corner going exhibitor need something hand prospective customers wiley printing wants help offering great prices quality print collateral examples business cards full color uv coated pt paper stock postcards full color uv coated pt paper stock brochures full color two sided gloss text interested offers looking something little different please contact us one methods wiley print cole ave dallas tx phone fax info wileyprint com note first last time wiley print ever send email however would like opt please reply email remove subject line
"Subject: ethylene margin collar simulation model  i set up the simulation model . the margin follows a mean - reverting process .  i seperarted the data into two category , margin > 0 . 04 and margin < 0 . 04 .  then i estimate the mean reverting speed seperately for these two data sets .  i got higher mean reverting speed than that i estimated using the whole data  set .  the high mr speed surpresses the probability at high payout side .  since the mr speed is sensitive to where i divide the data , so bob will run  a few senarios .  i put the overal settlement cap and floor into the montly premium  calculation , so the  the result in el 8 on the summary page is the ultimate answer to the deal  pricing .  i also calculate the undiscounted payout distribution and overall collar  worth .  relax the overall cap and floor will have a direct comparison with the spread  option  approach that bob and lee set up .  look like we got a reasonable model .  stinson :  i ' d like to have you check my set up for the simulation model .  lee and douglas :  you can play with the model , and let me know what do you think .  bob :  we need run different price curve senarios using the simulation model .  plus different mr speed .  zimin",0,ethylene margin collar simulation model set simulation model margin follows mean reverting process seperarted data two category margin margin estimate mean reverting speed seperately two data sets got higher mean reverting speed estimated using whole data set high mr speed surpresses probability high payout side since mr speed sensitive divide data bob run senarios put overal settlement cap floor montly premium calculation result el summary page ultimate answer deal pricing also calculate undiscounted payout distribution overall collar worth relax overall cap floor direct comparison spread option approach bob lee set look like got reasonable model stinson like check set simulation model lee douglas play model let know think bob need run different price curve senarios using simulation model plus different mr speed zimin
"Subject: interview schedule for rabi s . de  attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .  the interview will happen friday august 11 , 2000 . please print all three  documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  sean grady  58701",0,interview schedule rabi de attached please find interview packet referenced person interview happen friday august please print three documents hard copies questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact sean grady
"Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do  that is to  make your site visibie in piaces  where people search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in muitipie search enqines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  georgettalowe _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,know attract customers website submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website oniine otherwise wili invisible virtualiy means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues way make site visibie piaces people search information e submit website muitipie search enqines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards georgettalowe interested
"Subject: heatt kills  hello , cbs / a mythicize p news  a r overman ecord heat wave has led to the deaths of 180 peopl fortuneless e in phoenix ,  most of them homeless , l nonsensical eaving officials scrambling to provide water and shelter to the city ' s transient population .  read more . . .",1,heatt kills hello cbs mythicize p news r overman ecord heat wave led deaths peopl fortuneless e phoenix homeless l nonsensical eaving officials scrambling provide water shelter city transient population read
"Subject: re : job posting  vince ,  thank you very much . i applied for the position yesterday ( via e - mail  address ) and mentioned your name in the cover letter . i ' ll keep my fingers  crossed .  sincerely ,  helen  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 9 : 42 am  to : demianen @ ruf . rice . edu  subject : re : job posting  helen ,  fyi .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001  09 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 06 : 20 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : job posting  hi vince ,  this posting is for my group . thanks for the referral .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : tuesday , april 24 , 2001 5 : 31 pm  to : goodpasture , john ; watson , kimberly ; ferrell , lee ; kaminski ,  vince  cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni  subject : job posting  i am teaching a class at rice and one of my very bright students sent  her resume  in response to this posting . do you know who posted this job ?  vince kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on  04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ( embedded image moved to file : pico 5601 . pcx )  "" helen demianenko "" on 04 / 24 / 2001  02 : 11 : 05 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : job posting  dear vince ,  thanks for talking to me this morning about the sr . risk analyst  position .  here is where you can find the job description for that position :  also , i have cut and pasted it down below , just in case .  i appreciate your assistance in this matter and will start working on my  cover letter right away .  i would also like to talk to somebody to get a better feel for the  position  ( is this really an mba level position and how much of the in - depth  learning  opportunities for the derivatives market does it entail ? )  sincerely ,  helen demianenko  p . s . i have attached my resume ( one more time ) .  sr risk analyst  essential functions : primary accountability for managing the ets risk  book  structure and processes from a pipeline ( front office ) perspective . work  within current nng and tw marketing organizations to effectively  integrate  risk books into daily marketing and structured product activities .  provide  feedback to management regarding overall and specific risk positions .  provide support for consistent and accurate deals entry / reporting for  stand  alone risk management system . create ad - hoc reports to assist management  in  risk analysis . responsible for managing and providing enhancements to  the  capacity books : ? maintain functionality and provide leadership for new  functionality from a users perspective . provide support and direction  for  integration of capacity books and revenue management project . support  revenue  management team  essential requirements : ba / bs in finance or accounting ( mba preferred ) .  minimum of two years financial instruments experience . excellent  quantitative / analytic and systems skills . knowledge of commodity risk  book  concepts . understanding of physical natural gas market , interstate  transportation and financial derivatives . ability to interface with  structuring / marketing groups in order to define business requirements .  ability to provide leadership for business and system processes .  excellent  communication skills with an ability to communicate across organization  with  varied skill sets and ideas . must be self - motivated with a high level of  energy  preferred skills : na .  special characteristics : this job functions in a team - oriented ,  fast - paced  environment with multiple concurrent assignments and constantly changing  priorities .  contact : responses will be accepted through may 3 , 2001 . respond to  enron  corp . , human resources 235 , p o box 3330 , omaha , ne 68103 - 0330 or  e - mail :  dea . crum @ enron . com as a . doc or . txt attachment . please include this  requisition number .  job id 0000108729  department risk management & reporti  company enron transportation services  enron transportation services  location houston , tx  type  posting date 19 - apr - 01  - helen _ d _ resume . doc >",0,job posting vince thank much applied position yesterday via e mail address mentioned name cover letter keep fingers crossed sincerely helen original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday april demianen ruf rice edu subject job posting helen fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect lee ferrell enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject job posting hi vince posting group thanks referral original message kaminski vince sent tuesday april pm goodpasture john watson kimberly ferrell lee kaminski vince cc krishnarao pinnamaneni subject job posting teaching class rice one bright students sent resume response posting know posted job vince kaminski forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm embedded image moved file pico pcx helen demianenko pm please respond cc subject job posting dear vince thanks talking morning sr risk analyst position find job description position also cut pasted case appreciate assistance matter start working cover letter right away would also like talk somebody get better feel position really mba level position much depth learning opportunities derivatives market entail sincerely helen demianenko p attached resume one time sr risk analyst essential functions primary accountability managing ets risk book structure processes pipeline front office perspective work within current nng tw marketing organizations effectively integrate risk books daily marketing structured product activities provide feedback management regarding overall specific risk positions provide support consistent accurate deals entry reporting stand alone risk management system create ad hoc reports assist management risk analysis responsible managing providing enhancements capacity books maintain functionality provide leadership new functionality users perspective provide support direction integration capacity books revenue management project support revenue management team essential requirements ba bs finance accounting mba preferred minimum two years financial instruments experience excellent quantitative analytic systems skills knowledge commodity risk book concepts understanding physical natural gas market interstate transportation financial derivatives ability interface structuring marketing groups order define business requirements ability provide leadership business system processes excellent communication skills ability communicate across organization varied skill sets ideas must self motivated high level energy preferred skills na special characteristics job functions team oriented fast paced environment multiple concurrent assignments constantly changing priorities contact responses accepted may respond enron corp human resources p box omaha ne e mail dea crum enron com doc txt attachment please include requisition number job id department risk management reporti company enron transportation services enron transportation services location houston tx type posting date apr helen resume doc
"Subject: ethink about it : july 31 , 2000  vince  this correspondence is sent to you in response to the below question  pertaining to the type of research that should be introduced to enron .  on tuesday , april 4 th , 2000 , a local newspaper in my area , "" the bakersfield  california "" ran an article pertaining to the 50 million dollars of funding  from the u . s . congress set aside to study deep sea floor extraction of  methane hydrate . this study will focus on methane hydrates as an energy  source and the technologies needed for safe , efficient development .  according to this article , the ice - like deposits of frozen methane have an  energy potential equal to more than twice that of all other fossil fuels  combined .  i can fax you a copy of this newspaper article if you would like to read it .  send me you fax number or call me at enron wind corp . 661 - 823 - 6433 .  also when i was in engineering student back in 1985 , i did an independent  senior level study on a proposed method which possibly could be used to  extract hydrate from the sea floor . if you are interested , i could e - mail you  a copy of my thesis explaining this proposed method .  carl colditz  test engineer  enron wind corp .  13681 chantico road  tehachapi , ca 93561  661 - 823 - 6433  661 - 823 - 6804 ( fax )  carl . colditz @ enron . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carl colditz / ewc / enron on 07 / 31 / 2000  11 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the ethink team  from : ethink on 07 / 28 / 2000 05 : 58 pm cdt  sent by : enron announcements  to : all enron worldwide  cc :  subject : ethink about it : july 31 , 2000  here  , s what you  , ve been missing on ethink :  for the answers , consult the archives for the referenced espeak session .  "" ene ' s market capitalization is currently around $ 50 b . what do you expect  the market cap to be in five years ? what needs to happen to get there ? ""  - thomas myers  ken lay , office of the chairman , 7 / 14 / 00  "" given appropriate latitude and funding , what is the one kind of research  that you would like to introduce to enron - - and what kind of talent would  you need ? ""  - yannis tzamouranis  vince kaminski , enron research , 7 / 12 / 00  do you still believe that nothing can travel faster than light ? a recent  experiment conducted in princeton , nj has proved this wrong .  reliant says it will file a plan with the texas puc to break into two  publicly traded companies .  want to learn more ? get the rest of these stories at the enron edge .",0,ethink july vince correspondence sent response question pertaining type research introduced enron tuesday april th local newspaper area bakersfield california ran article pertaining million dollars funding u congress set aside study deep sea floor extraction methane hydrate study focus methane hydrates energy source technologies needed safe efficient development according article ice like deposits frozen methane energy potential equal twice fossil fuels combined fax copy newspaper article would like read send fax number call enron wind corp also engineering student back independent senior level study proposed method possibly could used extract hydrate sea floor interested could e mail copy thesis explaining proposed method carl colditz test engineer enron wind corp chantico road tehachapi ca fax carl colditz enron com forwarded carl colditz ewc enron ethink team ethink pm cdt sent enron announcements enron worldwide cc subject ethink july missing ethink answers consult archives referenced espeak session ene market capitalization currently around b expect market cap five years needs happen get thomas myers ken lay office chairman given appropriate latitude funding one kind research would like introduce enron kind talent would need yannis tzamouranis vince kaminski enron research still believe nothing travel faster light recent experiment conducted princeton nj proved wrong reliant says file plan texas puc break two publicly traded companies want learn get rest stories enron edge
"Subject: new 22 cpm color copier information  kevin ,  i am not sure by what date you require a color copier but if you can wait  until april , lanier has let me know that they are going to release their new  22 copy per minute color copier @ that time . please look @ the attached  spreadsheet and compare the cost with the $ 24 cpm canon copier sent to you  on 01 / 31 / 2000 :  let me know what you think .  thanks , iain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  iain russell  02 / 01 / 2000 10 : 11 am  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  subject : revised 10 cpm color copier information  kevin ,  i revised the cost on the 10 cpm tab under cpi : - - >  thanks , iain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by iain russell / epsc / hou / ect on 02 / 01 / 2000  10 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  color copier information  from : iain russell on 01 / 31 / 2000 11 : 45 pm  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , carole rogers / epsc / hou / ect @ ect  subject : color copier information",0,new cpm color copier information kevin sure date require color copier wait april lanier let know going release new copy per minute color copier time please look attached spreadsheet compare cost cpm canon copier sent let know think thanks iain iain russell kevin g moore hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect subject revised cpm color copier information kevin revised cost cpm tab cpi thanks iain forwarded iain russell epsc hou ect color copier information iain russell pm kevin g moore hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect carole rogers epsc hou ect ect subject color copier information
"Subject: invites for australian energy risk 2000 july 17 - 18  dear lucie ,  when i agreed to speak at the above conference , it was agreed that enron  could bring another staff member to attend gratis . however , i noticed that  enron is actually providing two speakers - dr vince kamainski and myself . it  would be appreciated if we could instead of sending two staff members to the  same seminar that enron sends one staff member to the aust energy seminar and  one staff member to the risk 2000 - sydney seminar in august 22 - 23 . the  length & pricing are similar for both the seminars .  upon your reply , i will supply the names of the staff members , there is  strong internal competition to go .  thank you , raymond  715 pm 4 july  "" lucie deathridge "" on 05 / 25 / 2000 09 : 30 : 25 am  please respond to "" lucie deathridge ""  to :  cc :  subject : australian energy risk 2000  thank you for agreeing to speak at the australian energy risk 2000  conference in sydney in july . last week i sent a speaker pack to you . i  would be grateful if you would confirm receipt of this by return of email .  in the event that you have not received it please let me know immediately  and send me your full contact details . i am the co - ordinator of this  conference and please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any queries .  regards  lucie deathridge  conference co - ordinator  risk publications  ?  tel : ( + 44 ) ( 0207 ) 484 9867",0,invites australian energy risk july dear lucie agreed speak conference agreed enron could bring another staff member attend gratis however noticed enron actually providing two speakers dr vince kamainski would appreciated could instead sending two staff members seminar enron sends one staff member aust energy seminar one staff member risk sydney seminar august length pricing similar seminars upon reply supply names staff members strong internal competition go thank raymond pm july lucie deathridge please respond lucie deathridge cc subject australian energy risk thank agreeing speak australian energy risk conference sydney july last week sent speaker pack would grateful would confirm receipt return email event received please let know immediately send full contact details co ordinator conference please hesitate contact queries regards lucie deathridge conference co ordinator risk publications tel
"Subject: re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  bernard ,  i am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a reprint .  i would be glad to take a look at your dissertation . is it available as a  publication , working paper ?  vince  "" murphy , bernard "" on 03 / 01 / 2001 02 : 17 : 39 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  hello vince ,  my name is bernard murphy - i received your e - mail address from les clewlow ,  who was my phd supervisor at the financia options research centre at warwick  business school . i ' ve just finished my phd on electricity price jump  diffusions : a theoretical and empirical study in incomplete markets -  hence my interest in electricity price modelling and derivative pricing . i  was looking to get hold of a copy of your 1997 paper , which has recently  come to my attention :  "" the challenge of pricing & risk - managing electricity derivatives "" , the us  power market , risk publications , pp . 149 - 171 .  and les suggested that i contact you directly ( les is travelling at present  and doesn ' t have an electronic copy available ) to request an e - copy .  incidentally , i am lecturer in finance / financial mathematics at university  of limerick ( ireland ) and have taken a year out to work for caminus uk ,  where i am working on introducing and developing a markets - based approach  ( spark - spread ) to real asset valuations in the uk power industry .  thanks in advancve  bernard murphy",0,risk paper pricing electricity derivatives bernard forwarding message assistant mail reprint would glad take look dissertation available publication working paper vince murphy bernard vince j kaminski enron com cc subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives hello vince name bernard murphy received e mail address les clewlow phd supervisor financia options research centre warwick business school finished phd electricity price jump diffusions theoretical empirical study incomplete markets hence interest electricity price modelling derivative pricing looking get hold copy paper recently come attention challenge pricing risk managing electricity derivatives us power market risk publications pp les suggested contact directly les travelling present electronic copy available request e copy incidentally lecturer finance financial mathematics university limerick ireland taken year work caminus uk working introducing developing markets based approach spark spread real asset valuations uk power industry thanks advancve bernard murphy
"Subject: re : interviews  vince ,  no problem , i know hr can slow the process down .  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  phone # : 212 - 704 - 0596  fax # : 212 - 704 - 4312  marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  www . robertwalters . com  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : friday , april 06 , 2001 5 : 50 pm  > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > subject : re : interviews  >  >  > marshall ,  >  > sorry for a delay in responding to you .  > my hr people were asked to get in touch with you re  > the candidates .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > marshall brown on 03 / 27 / 2001 02 : 36 : 12  > pm  >  > to : "" ' vince kaminski ' ""  > cc :  > subject : interviews  >  >  > vince ,  > i had two candidates speak with zamin lu on 3 / 14 / 01 and 3 / 16 / 01 .  > ( renshi zhang and bill koures respectively ) . i know you were in london  > last  > week . if you could please give me some feedback ( either positive or  > negative ) as soon as possible , i would appreciate it .  > regards ,  >  > marshall brown  > vice president  > robert walters associates  > phone : 212 - 704 - 0596  > fax : 212 - 704 - 4312  > marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  >  >  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  > be intercepted by a third party .  >  > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  > the system manager .  >  > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  >  >",0,interviews vince problem know hr slow process marshall brown vice president robert walters associates phone fax marshall brown robertwalters com www robertwalters com original message vince j kaminski enron com smtp vince j kaminski enron com sent friday april pm marshall brown robertwalters com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject interviews marshall sorry delay responding hr people asked get touch candidates vince marshall brown pm vince kaminski cc subject interviews vince two candidates speak zamin lu renshi zhang bill koures respectively know london last week could please give feedback either positive negative soon possible would appreciate regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates phone fax marshall brown robertwalters com caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses
Subject: claim your free $ 1000 home depot gift card .  claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) .  by exclusiverewards  dbdbkewi,1,claim free home depot gift card claim home depot gift card value sure find use gift card area exclusiverewards dbdbkewi
"Subject: i think you might be interested 2005 - 07 - 05 18 : 53 : 34  hello marcotitzer ,  i just found a site called graand . com - a free and safe place on the internet to place classified ads . i thought i should invite you to check it out . regards , walker  musrbfi 3 dgourpxc 4 fvaodpdof 3 emwnloqlqdk 9  2005 - 07 - 07 06 : 07 : 39",1,think might interested hello marcotitzer found site called graand com free safe place internet place classified ads thought invite check regards walker musrbfi dgourpxc fvaodpdof emwnloqlqdk
"Subject: re : lsu seminar visit  dear vince ,  i just left voice mail for you . we are interested in obtaining copies of  the papers you ' ll be using as the basis for your presentations on thursday  and friday so that we can get these materials distributed . can you call me  at 225 - 388 - 0447 so we can discuss this ? i would also like to be able to go  over the schedule with you just to make sure that we are on the same page .  thanks for taking the time to visit us . we are looking forward to your visit .  sincerely ,  jim garven  james r . garven  william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services  department of finance  2158 ceba  e . j . ourso college of business administration  louisiana state university  baton rouge , la 70803 - 6308  voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 | fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361  e - mail : jgarven @ lsu . edu  home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu  vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html  research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html  - attl . htm",0,lsu seminar visit dear vince left voice mail interested obtaining copies papers using basis presentations thursday friday get materials distributed call discuss would also like able go schedule make sure page thanks taking time visit us looking forward visit sincerely jim garven james r garven william h wright jr endowed chair financial services department finance ceba e j ourso college business administration louisiana state university baton rouge la voice fax e mail jgarven lsu edu home page http garven lsu edu vita http garven lsu edu dossier html research paper archive http garven lsu edu research html attl htm
"Subject: cusip  david ,  the cusip of the bond i have is 694308 efo  pgc 8 . 375 % 5 / 1 / 25 lst & ref mortgage bond , ser 92 b .  vince",0,cusip david cusip bond efo pgc lst ref mortgage bond ser b vince
"Subject: cv - keith baggerly  i have attached a copy of my cv as a postscript file .  if you need further info , or a different format , please  let me know .  enjoy !  keith baggerly  asst professor , statistics  rice university  ( 713 ) 348 - 5282  kabagg @ stat . rice . edu  - 00 apr . ps",0,cv keith baggerly attached copy cv postscript file need info different format please let know enjoy keith baggerly asst professor statistics rice university kabagg stat rice edu apr ps
"Subject: energydesk . com 2000 : meeting to review the new initiative with a  demonstration of the latest implementation , with a view to identify the  value we can add from the research group [ exact time tbc ]  exact time and location tbc for a mutually convenient time",0,energydesk com meeting review new initiative demonstration latest implementation view identify value add research group exact time tbc exact time location tbc mutually convenient time
"Subject: re : testing ir & fx var  nick and winston ,  i understand that ir & fx var numbers are calculated every day in risktrac .  this results are overwritten  everyday in the database table by the official numbers calculated with the  old version of the code .  for the consistent testing we need historical results for each ir and fx  sub - portfolio .  can we store the numbers every day ?  tanya",0,testing ir fx var nick winston understand ir fx var numbers calculated every day risktrac results overwritten everyday database table official numbers calculated old version code consistent testing need historical results ir fx sub portfolio store numbers every day tanya
Subject: technical corner article  a proposed technical corner article on the work we did fitting the new york  area gas load data is attached for comment .  bob lee,0,technical corner article proposed technical corner article work fitting new york area gas load data attached comment bob lee
"Subject: re :  cheers vince  see you there .  simon  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : simon turner  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ;  vkaminski @ aol . com  date : fri 29 september 2000 3 : 28 : pm  subject : re :  >  > simon ,  >  > i shall bring a floppy to paris .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" simon turner "" on 09 / 29 / 2000 10 : 13 : 47 am  >  > please respond to "" simon turner ""  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : re :  >  >  > vince  >  > this works .  >  > are you attaching your presentation for next week ? ?  >  > thanks  >  > simon  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > to : simon @ localbloke . freeserve . co . uk  > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > date : wed 27 september 2000 5 : 04 : pm  >  >  > > test  > >  > > vince kaminski  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,cheers vince see simon original message vince j kaminski enron com simon turner cc vince j kaminski enron com vkaminski aol com date fri september pm subject simon shall bring floppy paris vince simon turner please respond simon turner cc subject vince works attaching presentation next week thanks simon original message vince j kaminski enron com simon localbloke freeserve co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com date wed september pm test vince kaminski
Subject: aawesome  want to know how to save over 60 % on you seemingly r me carbonize dlcatlons ?  http : / / www . owncen misinterpret tral . com - successfull and proven way to loudly sa someway ve your money .  best prlce intense s .  high quaiity falcon .  worldwide s repudiation hlpplng .  total confi disbar dentiaiity .  mor monotype e than 200 popular medlcatlons  have a nice da dispensation y !,1,aawesome want know save seemingly r carbonize dlcatlons http www owncen misinterpret tral com successfull proven way loudly sa someway money best prlce intense high quaiity falcon worldwide repudiation hlpplng total confi disbar dentiaiity mor monotype e popular medlcatlons nice da dispensation
"Subject: my resume  molly ,  we would like to bring this student as a summer intern ( the last one ,  we are running out of space ) .  i shall send you another message regarding his proposed dates .  thanks . i hope you have a very happy easter .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zhendong xia on 04 / 12 / 2001 03 : 58 : 25 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : my resume  hi , dr . kaminski :  glad to get your reply . here is my resueme . if you wanna know more  about me , please feel free to contact me . thanks .  zhendong xia  georgia institute of technology  school of industrial and systems engineering  email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu  dengie @ sina . com  tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103  ( o ) 404 - 8944318  - cv . doc",0,resume molly would like bring student summer intern last one running space shall send another message regarding proposed dates thanks hope happy easter vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect zhendong xia pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject resume hi dr kaminski glad get reply resueme wan na know please feel free contact thanks zhendong xia georgia institute technology school industrial systems engineering email dengie isye gatech edu dengie sina com tel h cv doc
"Subject: eol wti trading simulation  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 2000  01 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner  12 / 22 / 2000 01 : 24 pm  to : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : eol wti trading simulation  ted ,  maximum daily loss was $ 12 . 2 mm on a daily move of $ 1 . 74 when we would have  started the day already near the position limit of 5 mm bbl .  - - stinson",0,eol wti trading simulation forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm stinson gibner pm ted murphy hou ect ect cc subject eol wti trading simulation ted maximum daily loss mm daily move would started day already near position limit mm bbl stinson
"Subject: managing enron ' s relationships with the universities  jeff ,  i would like to get on your calendar ( together with jeff shankman ) for 15 -  30 minutes  to discuss the results of my visit at the wharton school with tom piazze .  a separate message about this visit will follow .  i would like also to talk to you about the way we manage our relationships  with  different universities . historically , we were rather passive customers of  the academic institutions , trying to hire the best students and limiting our  presence  on the campuses mostly to the recruiting trips and campus receptions .  we should rethink the way we work with universities . the efforts to get  the best students look more and more like a hand - to - hand combat and often we  are not  very successful . it is critical that we increase our presence on the campuses  and this can be accomplished in a number of different ways :  1 . involvement in research projects . for example , we are currently  underwriting two research  projects at stanford university , involving ph . d . students of professor  nicholas bambos  ( a top expert on communications networks ) . we shall participate in formulation  of the projects ' objectives and will be given access to the results .  involvement in research projects allows us to obtain  access to current scientific developments in the leading universities and  also to lock - up some very  promising students . most companies in the high tech industries have such  programs .  2 . lectures and presentations by enron employees . practically every  presentation  i have made so far at different universities resulted in a number of resumes  and hiring decisions .  it is important that students get exposed to enron early in their academic  program . in many cases ,  the best students have already made up their mind by the time we approach  them during their  senior years .  3 . visits by faculty members in enron .  closer cooperation with the universities has many advantages in addition to  getting the best students  and obtaining access to current research . the universities are very important  in shaping public opinion  on the issues critical to enron ' s future ( especially in the area of  deregulation and design of new markets ) .  currently , the relationships with many leading academic centers depend on  personal commitment of a number  of overworked enron employees . in many cases , there is no continuity and  focus .  i want to recommend a creation of a special function ( vp or md level )  responsible for coordinating  our relationships with the universities . this function would be separate from  our analyst / associate  program . i have many ideas how this function could be structured .  vince",0,managing enron relationships universities jeff would like get calendar together jeff shankman minutes discuss results visit wharton school tom piazze separate message visit follow would like also talk way manage relationships different universities historically rather passive customers academic institutions trying hire best students limiting presence campuses mostly recruiting trips campus receptions rethink way work universities efforts get best students look like hand hand combat often successful critical increase presence campuses accomplished number different ways involvement research projects example currently underwriting two research projects stanford university involving ph students professor nicholas bambos top expert communications networks shall participate formulation projects objectives given access results involvement research projects allows us obtain access current scientific developments leading universities also lock promising students companies high tech industries programs lectures presentations enron employees practically every presentation made far different universities resulted number resumes hiring decisions important students get exposed enron early academic program many cases best students already made mind time approach senior years visits faculty members enron closer cooperation universities many advantages addition getting best students obtaining access current research universities important shaping public opinion issues critical enron future especially area deregulation design new markets currently relationships many leading academic centers depend personal commitment number overworked enron employees many cases continuity focus want recommend creation special function vp md level responsible coordinating relationships universities function would separate analyst associate program many ideas function could structured vince
"Subject: enronoptions - your stock option program  it is amazing and yet not surprising how much enron has accomplished in the  first six months of this year . you continue to make it happen . we recognize  that you work hard every day to accomplish enron  , s business goals , and we are  pleased that many of you have shared in the company  , s financial success  through enron stock options .  as you may know , the current employee stock option program ( also known as the  all employee stock option program or aesop ) began in 1994 and provided value  to participants through 2000 . employees who have participated in this  program from its inception have realized a 1 , 119 % increase in the value of  their stock options ( assuming a stock price of $ 70 ) over the life of the  program .  enron stock options are a valuable part of your total compensation package  and a contributing factor to your performance and to enron  , s continued  success . therefore , the enron executive committee and the compensation and  management development committee of the enron board of directors have decided  to continue to offer stock options as a part of your compensation package .  on may 1 , 2000 , the committee approved an employee stock option program for  calendar years 2001 - 2005 ( enronoptions  ) your stock option program ) . it is  expected that enronoptions  ) your stock option program will be granted ,  effective on or about december 29 , 2000 , for those employees who are eligible  on that date ( please see note below ) . the new program , which is subject to  final approval by enron  , s board of directors , is as follows :  ? enronoptions  ) your stock option program will give stock options to  eligible full - time and part - time regular employees in domestic and  international companies / locations .  ? the grant of non - qualified stock options will equal 25 % of annual base  salary ( 5 % of annual base salary for each year of a 5 - year period ) on  december 29 , 2000 . ( salary calculation and value may vary in some  international locations . )  ? the board will grant the stock options on december 29 , 2000 .  ? eligible employees hired in subsequent years will receive a prorated grant  of stock options .  why commit your talent and energy to enron ? enronoptions  ) your stock option  program , among other good reasons  ( that  , s why .  in the coming weeks , you will be receiving more details about enronoptions  )  your stock option program . to provide information and answer your questions ,  we will introduce a special link on the human resources web - site , host  several espeak sessions and continue to communicate with you on a regular  basis . in the meantime , if you have immediate questions , please contact your  human resources representative .  note : in addition to final approval by enron  , s board of directors , granting  of options will be subject to new york stock exchange and state and federal  regulatory requirements . it is expected that enronoptions  ) your stock  option program will be available to most enron employees ; however , some enron  companies  , employees may not be eligible due to legal , accounting , tax , labor  or business issues . as you know , enron changes to meet the needs of the  marketplaces we serve . given that need to change , we will continue to refine  the eligibility for enronoptions  ) your stock option program and will  communicate more details throughout the year with final eligibility being  determined on december 29 , 2000 .",0,enronoptions stock option program amazing yet surprising much enron accomplished first six months year continue make happen recognize work hard every day accomplish enron business goals pleased many shared company financial success enron stock options may know current employee stock option program also known employee stock option program aesop began provided value participants employees participated program inception realized increase value stock options assuming stock price life program enron stock options valuable part total compensation package contributing factor performance enron continued success therefore enron executive committee compensation management development committee enron board directors decided continue offer stock options part compensation package may committee approved employee stock option program calendar years enronoptions stock option program expected enronoptions stock option program granted effective december employees eligible date please see note new program subject final approval enron board directors follows enronoptions stock option program give stock options eligible full time part time regular employees domestic international companies locations grant non qualified stock options equal annual base salary annual base salary year year period december salary calculation value may vary international locations board grant stock options december eligible employees hired subsequent years receive prorated grant stock options commit talent energy enron enronoptions stock option program among good reasons coming weeks receiving details enronoptions stock option program provide information answer questions introduce special link human resources web site host several espeak sessions continue communicate regular basis meantime immediate questions please contact human resources representative note addition final approval enron board directors granting options subject new york stock exchange state federal regulatory requirements expected enronoptions stock option program available enron employees however enron companies employees may eligible due legal accounting tax labor business issues know enron changes meet needs marketplaces serve given need change continue refine eligibility enronoptions stock option program communicate details throughout year final eligibility determined december
"Subject: hey man , stop throwing away your money  penis enlargement patch that works ! ! !  http : / / www . siratu . com / ss /  beauty holds more worth than gold .  glory built on selfish principles is shame and guilt .  moderation in all things .  people who throw kisses are hopelessly lazy .  we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt .",1,hey man stop throwing away money penis enlargement patch works http www siratu com ss beauty holds worth gold glory built selfish principles shame guilt moderation things people throw kisses hopelessly lazy must let rulers load us perpetual debt
"Subject: re : eprm 2001 houston  layla ,  a few points .  i shall be glad to attend the reception .  i am falling behind in getting my presentation ready . sorry for the delay .  i can commit to delivering the required number of copies on the day of my presentation  ( or a day before ) . i have done it on two occasions before ( power 2000 and power 1999 ) :  the copies were produced by our company copy center at no cost to you .  my associate , tanya tamarchenko , is helping me with one aspect of the presentation and  i would like her to deliver part of my speach . it ' s only fair to give her the credit when the  credit is due . is it ok to include her as an additional speaker ?  vince  "" layla o ' leary "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 09 : 04 : 52 am  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : eprm 2001 houston  dear speaker ,  pre - congress cocktail reception - sunday 13 th may @ 5 : 30 pm in the juniper  room  we would be delighted to have you attend our pre - congress cocktail  reception . we will be extending this invitation to all our sponsors ,  exhibitors and eprm / risk waters group staff . we hope this will provide a  perfect opportunity for you to meet all our staff and clients before the  formal opening of eprm 2001 usa  + rsvp  i would also like to remind you that i need any missing presentations by  thursday 3 rd may . it is essential that i get these in as the delegates rely  on these to make notes and get very upset if they are not included in the  packs .  if you still haven ' t informed me of your av requirements , please do so as  quickly as possible . i also require a short biography .  i would like to point out that i will not be taking any presentations on  disk to the event . if you are using a laptop , your presentation should be  loaded onto the laptop that you bring with you . you must bring your own  laptop and disc , with connecting cables .  any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .  kind regards  layla o ' leary  event co - ordinator  risk waters group  haymarket house  28 - 29 haymarket  london  swly 4 rx  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9871  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800",0,eprm houston layla points shall glad attend reception falling behind getting presentation ready sorry delay commit delivering required number copies day presentation day done two occasions power power copies produced company copy center cost associate tanya tamarchenko helping one aspect presentation would like deliver part speach fair give credit credit due ok include additional speaker vince layla leary please respond cc subject eprm houston dear speaker pre congress cocktail reception sunday th may pm juniper room would delighted attend pre congress cocktail reception extending invitation sponsors exhibitors eprm risk waters group staff hope provide perfect opportunity meet staff clients formal opening eprm usa rsvp would also like remind need missing presentations thursday rd may essential get delegates rely make notes get upset included packs still informed av requirements please quickly possible also require short biography would like point taking presentations disk event using laptop presentation loaded onto laptop bring must bring laptop disc connecting cables questions please hesitate contact kind regards layla leary event co ordinator risk waters group haymarket house haymarket london swly rx tel fax
"Subject: moddeling support for dpc related issues  a quick update on the status of sandeep kohli .  he is working currently in my group . he is available on a very short notice to help you with  any quantitative modeling that can be required in making decisions regarding  our dpc strategy . in case you need his help , he can also rely on the support  of other members of my group with skills in different areas .  vince kaminski",0,moddeling support dpc related issues quick update status sandeep kohli working currently group available short notice help quantitative modeling required making decisions regarding dpc strategy case need help also rely support members group skills different areas vince kaminski
"Subject: best deals on all generic viagra and generic cialis alternatives with guaranteed lowest prices  you can feel yourself for 19 years during sex !  education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices .  when words leave off , music begins .  diligence is the mother of good luck .",1,best deals generic viagra generic cialis alternatives guaranteed lowest prices feel years sex education method whereby one acquires higher grade prejudices words leave music begins diligence mother good luck
"Subject: meeting confirmed : mit / aa new value research lab  this will confirm the meeting requested below . please note , all invitees are  not available , but the confirmed meeting time is the best time for most of  the invitees .  date : thursday - august 10  time : 11 : 00 a to noon  place : conference room 4741  confirmed attendees : rick causey  marie hejka  steve kean  amy oberg  mark palmer  mark ruane  thanks for your help , everyone .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carol moffett / hou / ees on 08 / 03 / 2000 04 : 03  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron energy services  from : carol moffett 08 / 02 / 2000 03 : 44 pm  phone no : 713 - 853 - 6658 phone  888 - 782 - 3518 pager  eb 613 b  to : ginger dernehl / hou / ees @ ees , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , karen k  heathman / hou / ect @ ect , sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron , laura  gutierrez / hou / ect @ ect , laura valencia / corp / enron @ enron , patty  pennington / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : steven j kean / hou / ees @ ees , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , rick  buy / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , mark ruane / hou / ect @ ect ,  mark koenig / corp / enron @ enron , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , amy  oberg / hou / ees @ ees , marie hejka / corp / enron @ enron  subject : meeting request : mit / aa new value research lab  good afternoon . i am assisting amy oberg with setting up a meeting among the  individuals listed below . would you be so kind as to review their calendars  and let me know if they are available during any of the suggested meeting  times .  meeting topic : mit / aa new value research lab  meeting purpose : follow up to discussion from 8 / 1 / 00 ; rick causey to brief  group on  conversations w / aa regarding "" where they intend to go with this effort "" .  attendees : steve kean  vince kaminski  rick buy  rick causey  mark ruane  mark koenig  mark palmer  amy oberg  marie hejka  suggested meeting dates and times :  thursday - august 10 anytime between 8 : 00 a and 10 : 00 a  thursday - august 10 11 : 00 to noon  friday - august 11 anytime between 8 : 00 a and 9 : 30 a  friday - august 11 1 : 00 p to 2 : 00 p  thank you .",0,meeting confirmed mit aa new value research lab confirm meeting requested please note invitees available confirmed meeting time best time invitees date thursday august time noon place conference room confirmed attendees rick causey marie hejka steve kean amy oberg mark palmer mark ruane thanks help everyone forwarded carol moffett hou ees pm enron energy services carol moffett pm phone phone pager eb b ginger dernehl hou ees ees shirley crenshaw hou ect ect karen k heathman hou ect ect sharron westbrook corp enron enron laura gutierrez hou ect ect laura valencia corp enron enron patty pennington enron communications enron communications cc steven j kean hou ees ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect rick buy hou ect ect richard causey corp enron enron mark ruane hou ect ect mark koenig corp enron enron mark palmer corp enron enron amy oberg hou ees ees marie hejka corp enron enron subject meeting request mit aa new value research lab good afternoon assisting amy oberg setting meeting among individuals listed would kind review calendars let know available suggested meeting times meeting topic mit aa new value research lab meeting purpose follow discussion rick causey brief group conversations w aa regarding intend go effort attendees steve kean vince kaminski rick buy rick causey mark ruane mark koenig mark palmer amy oberg marie hejka suggested meeting dates times thursday august anytime thursday august noon friday august anytime friday august p p thank
"Subject: meeting to discuss presentation materials  please respond to hello vince and kenneth ,  my teammates and i would like to schedule a time with you to discuss our  presentation materials . we would prefer to meet with you sometime on  thursday so that we can have the weekend to include any changes that you may  suggest , but we will accommodate your schedules .  thank you for all of your help ,  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  charles womack jr .  mba candidate 2002  rice university  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  cwomack @ rice . edu  cell : 281 - 413 - 8147",0,meeting discuss presentation materials please respond hello vince kenneth teammates would like schedule time discuss presentation materials would prefer meet sometime thursday weekend include changes may suggest accommodate schedules thank help charles womack jr mba candidate rice university jesse h jones graduate school management cwomack rice edu cell
"Subject: california update 5 / 22 / 01  please treat as confidential  a source had a meeting today with california state treasurer phil angelides . here are the main points from their conversation  1 . anglelides certain that socal will go bankrupt  corroborating our line over the past four months , anglelides stated with confidence that socal would go bankrupt and that "" he was surprised they hadn ' t already . "" he noted that the only reason they haven ' t yet is that "" they were too stupid to ring - fence the parent "" and that "" their two biggest equity holders were screaming not to do it . ""  he added that the davis / socal mou is dead and that all the "" plan b ' s "" are "" speculative "" at best . he also thought that socal was being "" naive if they thought they would get a better deal from the legislature than from the bankruptcy court . ""  2 . bond issuance - $ 12 b not enough  angelides conceded that a $ 12 b bond issue would not be enough to buy power for the summer and that the true costs would probably be $ 18 - 24 b . the only reason they didn ' t issue more is that angelides felt that "" $ 12 b was all the market could handle . "" the current game plan for bonds assumes an average peak price for power of $ 400 / mwh , which angelides said explains the difference between his estimates and the higher estimates from state comptroller ' s kathleen connell ' s office .  3 . new generator construction  anglelides was explicit that the california public power authority ( authorized by the legislature last week ) will "" build plants and not stop until we [ california ] has a 10 - 15 % capacity cushion above expected demand . angelides expects the state to be "" 5 - 10 % short on power all summer . """,0,california update please treat confidential source meeting today california state treasurer phil angelides main points conversation anglelides certain socal go bankrupt corroborating line past four months anglelides stated confidence socal would go bankrupt surprised already noted reason yet stupid ring fence parent two biggest equity holders screaming added davis socal mou dead plan b speculative best also thought socal naive thought would get better deal legislature bankruptcy court bond issuance b enough angelides conceded b bond issue would enough buy power summer true costs would probably b reason issue angelides felt b market could handle current game plan bonds assumes average peak price power mwh angelides said explains difference estimates higher estimates state comptroller kathleen connell office new generator construction anglelides explicit california public power authority authorized legislature last week build plants stop california capacity cushion expected demand angelides expects state short power summer
"Subject: re : potential prospect  tom ,  we are currently space constrained but we shall always take a qualified  candidate . please , ask george to send me a resume and we shall get in touch  with him  to arrange a phone / on - location interview .  vince  tom arnold on 04 / 25 / 2001 09 : 15 : 09 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : potential prospect  hey vince ,  given that the eastern finance conference is already taking place , i think  it is safe to assume that they did not desire an energy derivative round  table discussion . however , i appreciate you volunteering to potentially  having been on such a round table discussion .  i ' ve been teaching a "" real options "" course that has the students performing  monte carlo analysis , black - scholes pricing , and binomial pricing along  with a heavy dosage of understanding risk neutral pricing . a few of your  new hires from the undergraduate program will be coming from this course .  however , i have a student who will be finishing his mba next spring that is  particularly good . he is genuinely interested and curious about option  pricing , trading , and hedging with excel / vba skills . in fact , he usually  figures out when i make even very small mistakes in my calculations .  this is not to say that some of my other students aren ' t very talented  themselves , but that this person really stands out . do you think you  and / or enron would be interested in such a person ? if so , what do you  recommend that he do to get his foot in the door ?  his intention is to finish the mba , but i do not know if this would  preclude you from hiring or at least taking a look at him now . his name is  george moss and i ordinarily would not bother you directly about a  potential employee . i am making an exception in this case because he is a  particularly good talent without being the slightest bit arrogant .  otherwise , i hope this e - mail finds you doing well and not travelling too  much .  tom  professor tom arnold  e . j . ourso college of business administration  department of finance  2155 ceba  louisiana state university  baton rouge , la 70803  o : 225 - 388 - 6369  f : 225 - 388 - 6366",0,potential prospect tom currently space constrained shall always take qualified candidate please ask george send resume shall get touch arrange phone location interview vince tom arnold vince j kaminski enron com cc subject potential prospect hey vince given eastern finance conference already taking place think safe assume desire energy derivative round table discussion however appreciate volunteering potentially round table discussion teaching real options course students performing monte carlo analysis black scholes pricing binomial pricing along heavy dosage understanding risk neutral pricing new hires undergraduate program coming course however student finishing mba next spring particularly good genuinely interested curious option pricing trading hedging excel vba skills fact usually figures make even small mistakes calculations say students talented person really stands think enron would interested person recommend get foot door intention finish mba know would preclude hiring least taking look name george moss ordinarily would bother directly potential employee making exception case particularly good talent without slightest bit arrogant otherwise hope e mail finds well travelling much tom professor tom arnold e j ourso college business administration department finance ceba louisiana state university baton rouge la f
"Subject: gov ' t guaranteed home business  wealth without risk ! ! !  discover the best kept secret in america !  turning $ 300 into $ 20 , 000  in oklahoma , craig  talkington purchased a tax lien on a 5 acre parcel for  $ 300 . the owner failed to pay the taxes and forfeited  the 5 - acre parcel to craig talkington . a short time  later craig sold that property to one of the neighbors  for $ 20 , 000 . that ' s the kind of money that buys new  cars and sends young people to college . craig didn ' t  stop at one deal . he later bought a tax lien for only  $ 17 on a ten acre track , the property owner failed to  pay the taxes , and craig ended up the property , which  he sold for $ 4 , 000 . i don ' t know how much money you  are making right now but these are the kinds of  profits that change peoples lives and solve financial  problems and make things a lot better .  janice knetzger turned a $ 463 . 00 investment into $ 65 , 000 . 00 !  wayne robertson paid $ 1 . 00 for a home !  todd beemer turned a $ 21 , 500 investment into $ 150 , 000 . 00 !  for serious investors and entrepreneurs only  for a  free  consultantion to see if you qualify  fill out  the no obligation form below for more  information .  required input field *  name  *  address  *  city  *  state  *  phone  *  email address  *  * all  tax liens and deeds directly support local  fire departments , police departments , schools ,  roads , and hospitals . thank you for your interest and  support .  to be removed , please  click here .  4589 dfsll - 151 rzeh 9359 iyoc 9 - 006 fl 29",1,gov guaranteed home business wealth without risk discover best kept secret america turning oklahoma craig talkington purchased tax lien acre parcel owner failed pay taxes forfeited acre parcel craig talkington short time later craig sold property one neighbors kind money buys new cars sends young people college craig stop one deal later bought tax lien ten acre track property owner failed pay taxes craig ended property sold know much money making right kinds profits change peoples lives solve financial problems make things lot better janice knetzger turned investment wayne robertson paid home todd beemer turned investment serious investors entrepreneurs free consultantion see qualify fill obligation form information required input field name address city state phone email address tax liens deeds directly support local fire departments police departments schools roads hospitals thank interest support removed please click dfsll rzeh iyoc fl
"Subject: re : thank you for the e - mail .  joe ,  he is a research assistant of prof . darrell duffie from stanford  and i met him in this capacity . a very bright fellow .  i could not assess his commercial skills but he has enough common  sense to identify the winner ( as his interest in enron demonstrates ) .  vince  joseph p hirl @ enron _ development  12 / 17 / 99 08 : 05 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : thank you for the e - mail .  vince , thanks for the note and the voice mail this morning . do you have any  thoughts / comments on this person ' s abilities ?  joe  vince j kaminski @ ect  12 / 18 / 99 07 : 25 am  to : joseph p hirl / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject : re : thank you for the e - mail .  joe ,  i am forwarding you the information about the student from stanford of  japanese ancestry interested in enron .  he lives currently in california .  vince kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 17 / 99  03 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  10 / 20 / 99 07 : 07 am  to : hoshino @ leland . stanford . edu  cc : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , greg  whalley / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : thank you for the e - mail .  taiichi ,  thank you for your messsage . i shall forward to our analyst / associate  program and a few other units of enron .  vince kaminski  hoshino @ leland . stanford . edu on 10 / 19 / 99 09 : 14 : 05 am  please respond to hoshino @ leland . stanford . edu  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vkaminski @ aol . com  cc :  subject : thank you for the e - mail .  dear vince kaminski  thank you so much for the kind invitation for the meeting .  i have been always inspired by and having respect for the  recent revolutionary achievements of enron in the energy markets  my former employer mckinsey tokyo in fact featured  your company * s success in the last quarterly , and it clearly states  ( in japanese though ) that the quantitative research capability at enron  is now at the world * s top level , which has been always behind the scene .  i am extremely honored to receive the email from you and in fact  interested in knowing the opportunity of working in the energy field ;  however , very unfortunately i will have to come back to japan , or at  least to the east asian region , upon graduation due to an inevitable  family reason . my wife * s father passed away recently and an old  mother - in - law is now left alone without relatives . i understand that  enron has not yet embarked on the next big project of freeing  the outdated japanese energy market , ( which by the way i strongly  hope ) so i may not have a very good chance of making contribution  at your company right now .  lastly , if you need a staff in tokyo in some future who understands  both the risk management analytics at the f 622 level and the local  language and business custome better than average , please contact  me any time . i will be happy to assist as much as possible .  yours sincerely ,  / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~  taiichi hoshino  ph . d . candidate  engineering economic systems & operations research  graduate school of engineering  stanford university  the shadows apt # 171  750 north shoreline blvd .  mountain view ca 94043  tel / fax ) 650 - 960 - 1993  / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~",0,thank e mail joe research assistant prof darrell duffie stanford met capacity bright fellow could assess commercial skills enough common sense identify winner interest enron demonstrates vince joseph p hirl enron development pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject thank e mail vince thanks note voice mail morning thoughts comments person abilities joe vince j kaminski ect joseph p hirl enron development enron development cc subject thank e mail joe forwarding information student stanford japanese ancestry interested enron lives currently california vince kaminski forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski hoshino leland stanford edu cc celeste roberts hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect greg whalley hou ect ect subject thank e mail taiichi thank messsage shall forward analyst associate program units enron vince kaminski hoshino leland stanford edu please respond hoshino leland stanford edu vince j kaminski hou ect ect vkaminski aol com cc subject thank e mail dear vince kaminski thank much kind invitation meeting always inspired respect recent revolutionary achievements enron energy markets former employer mckinsey tokyo fact featured company success last quarterly clearly states japanese though quantitative research capability enron world top level always behind scene extremely honored receive email fact interested knowing opportunity working energy field however unfortunately come back japan least east asian region upon graduation due inevitable family reason wife father passed away recently old mother law left alone without relatives understand enron yet embarked next big project freeing outdated japanese energy market way strongly hope may good chance making contribution company right lastly need staff tokyo future understands risk management analytics f level local language business custome better average please contact time happy assist much possible sincerely taiichi hoshino ph candidate engineering economic systems operations research graduate school engineering stanford university shadows apt north shoreline blvd mountain view ca tel fax
"Subject: re : fw : mtg . scheduled  frank ,  regarding simulating power prices in var we might discuss the following items  and show some results :  1 . clustering for power :  - clustering based on historical prices and correlations from them ;  - geographical clustering ;  - flexibility in choosing "" core curves "" ( based on position size ) ;  2 . jump - diffusion process for intramonth and prompt month :  - parameter estimation from historical data ( do we want to use it ? )  - working out parameters ( jumps frequency , jump size ) as stress scenarios ;  3 . correlations within a cluster and across clusters .  4 . changing correlations estimations ( using fixed contact ' time series ) .  5 . joint estimation of factors for selected regions .  let me know what you think should be in the agenda for this meeting .  regards ,  tanya  from : frank hayden / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 18 / 2001 03 : 43 pm  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : fw : mtg . scheduled  if you want , i welcome your help in putting together an agenda .  frank  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : black , tamara jae  sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 3 : 32 pm  to : presto , kevin ; davis , mark dana ; sturm , fletcher ; herndon , rogers ; gilbert - smith , doug ; white , stacey ; kaminski , vince ; andrews , naveen ; belden , tim ; gorny , vladimir ; davenport , lacrecia  cc : hayden , frank  subject : mtg . scheduled  please mark your calendar for a meeting with :  frank hayden  reg . value @ risk  april 26 th  3 - 4 pm  rm 3125 b  thanks  tjae black  x 35800",0,fw mtg scheduled frank regarding simulating power prices var might discuss following items show results clustering power clustering based historical prices correlations geographical clustering flexibility choosing core curves based position size jump diffusion process intramonth prompt month parameter estimation historical data want use working parameters jumps frequency jump size stress scenarios correlations within cluster across clusters changing correlations estimations using fixed contact time series joint estimation factors selected regions let know think agenda meeting regards tanya frank hayden enron enronxgate pm tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc subject fw mtg scheduled want welcome help putting together agenda frank original message black tamara jae sent wednesday april pm presto kevin davis mark dana sturm fletcher herndon rogers gilbert smith doug white stacey kaminski vince andrews naveen belden tim gorny vladimir davenport lacrecia cc hayden frank subject mtg scheduled please mark calendar meeting frank hayden reg value risk april th pm rm b thanks tjae black x
"Subject: interview candidate allen humbolt  dear elizabeth :  we interviewed allen last week for my group . the consensus is that there is  not a sufficiently good match between his skills and our requirements , so we  will not extend an offer to him . i would appreciate if you can send him a  thank you note conveying our decision .  thanks ,  krishna",0,interview candidate allen humbolt dear elizabeth interviewed allen last week group consensus sufficiently good match skills requirements extend offer would appreciate send thank note conveying decision thanks krishna
"Subject: spamassassin . taint . org  i discovered jmason . org in yahoo , my favorite directory . i am requesting that you create a link from jmason . org to my client ' s web site if you feel that their content is in some way related or complements your site . in exchange , i ' ll post a link from their site to yours .  exchanging links will help bring in more business for both your web site and my client ' s . an added benefit is increased search engine traffic because the search engines rank sites higher that have a good number of relevant links .  this is not a free - for - all link exchange , i don ' t waste my time with them and you shouldn ' t either . i am only linking to related web sites so that all my links are relevant to my site .  i would like to send you my client ' s web address , so that you can review their site . my client offers web site promotion and and optimization services for search engines .  please let me know if you are interested in exchanging links . i ' ll send you more details once i hear back from you .  looking forward to your reply .  sincerely ,  donna martos  donnamartos @ link - builder . com  http : / / www . link - builder . com  p . s . if for any reason you don ' t want me to contact again , just email me and let me know .",1,spamassassin taint org discovered jmason org yahoo favorite directory requesting create link jmason org client web site feel content way related complements site exchange post link site exchanging links help bring business web site client added benefit increased search engine traffic search engines rank sites higher good number relevant links free link exchange waste time either linking related web sites links relevant site would like send client web address review site client offers web site promotion optimization services search engines please let know interested exchanging links send details hear back looking forward reply sincerely donna martos donnamartos link builder com http www link builder com p reason want contact email let know
Subject: just to her . . .  your message to tjvs @ remgro . com  has been blocked . should it be business related forward this message to helpdesk @ commsco . com for immediate release .  message id : t 723 b 9 cb 981 acl 04 aobeb 98  rule triggered : spam files,1,message tjvs remgro com blocked business related forward message helpdesk commsco com immediate release message id b cb acl aobeb rule triggered spam files
"Subject: new computers  hi lyn :  hope things are going better for you !  the research group is getting one new employee beginning february  21 , 2000 , that needs a computer . we also have an employee that needs  a new computer because the one she has does not have enough memory .  we need at least 64 meg memory with a large screen ( 17 "" ) .  names and locations :  yana kristal ebl 947 ( replace computer she now has )  shalesh ganjoo ebl 951 ( new analyst rotating - 2 / 21 / 00 )  co . # : 0011  rc # : 100038  approver : vince kaminski , managing director , research  if you need anything else , please let me know .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley  3 - 5290",0,new computers hi lyn hope things going better research group getting one new employee beginning february needs computer also employee needs new computer one enough memory need least meg memory large screen names locations yana kristal ebl replace computer shalesh ganjoo ebl new analyst rotating co rc approver vince kaminski managing director research need anything else please let know thanks great day shirley
"Subject: what is emc stock to cash ?  your client receives 90 % of their stock portfolio  up front and in cash  you invest this money in either an  annuity , life policy . . . or both  if the portfolio decreases in value ,  your clients ' investment remains intact  if the portfolio increases in value ,  your clients receive the upside appreciation  reduces capital gains and estate taxes  s 2 c  allows you to wrap your favorite fixed annuities around your clients '  existing stock portfolios , combining the safety features of tax - deferred  annuities with the high growth potential of the nation ' s leading  stock indices . annuities can also be used to fund fixed life insurance  policies .  call tim armstrong or e - mail us today !  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  we  don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to  receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance  professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply  to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,emc stock cash client receives stock portfolio front cash invest money either annuity life policy portfolio decreases value clients investment remains intact portfolio increases value clients receive upside appreciation reduces capital gains estate taxes c allows wrap favorite fixed annuities around clients existing stock portfolios combining safety features tax deferred annuities high growth potential nation leading stock indices annuities also used fund fixed life insurance policies call tim armstrong e mail us today please fill form information name e mail phone city state want anybody receive mailing wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: wish you could be better ?  penis growth extreme  http : / / www . siratu . com / ss /  cruelty is like hope : it springs eternal .  amusement is the happiness of those who cannot think .  to each his own . ( suum cuique )  always forgive your enemies ; nothing annoys them so much .  bad news goes about in clogs , good news in stockinged feet .",1,wish could better penis growth extreme http www siratu com ss cruelty like hope springs eternal amusement happiness think suum cuique always forgive enemies nothing annoys much bad news goes clogs good news stockinged feet
"Subject: risk desk , issue # 1  hello - - listen , wanted to make sure you received a copy of our newest  publication last week , the risk desk . because of the size of the files we  sent out , quite a few bounced back because some corp firewalls halt emails  over a certain size . anyhow , if you didn ' t receive the issue , hit the reply  button and type "" resend risk desk . "" responce so far has been great for those  of you that received the free copy - - we think you ' ll agree that it ' s soon to  become the leading "" must read "" publication on market , credit , price and  operational risk management in the energy space .  also , just a reminder , the charter price for a one year subscription ( $ 199 )  ends soon . let us know .  john sodergreen  editor - in - chief  scudder publishing group , llc  ph : 410 / 923 - 0688  fax : 410 / 923 - 0667  johns @ scudderpublishing . com  the desk , the risk desk , power executive  the bandwidth desk , energy ebusiness",0,risk desk issue hello listen wanted make sure received copy newest publication last week risk desk size files sent quite bounced back corp firewalls halt emails certain size anyhow receive issue hit reply button type resend risk desk responce far great received free copy think agree soon become leading must read publication market credit price operational risk management energy space also reminder charter price one year subscription ends soon let us know john sodergreen editor chief scudder publishing group llc ph fax johns scudderpublishing com desk risk desk power executive bandwidth desk energy ebusiness
"Subject: re : london visit  paul ,  i shall be in london in the beginning of october .  i shall notify you about the timing of my trip later this week .  vince  paul . e . day @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 09 / 18 / 2000 03 : 29 : 50 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : london visit  i understand this has been cancelled - no problem - life is kind of hectic  here  anyway ! ! why don ' t we try to rearrange next time you ' re over ?  kind regards  paul day  to : paul e . day  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  date : 25 / 08 / 2000 19 : 10  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : london visit  paul ,  thanks for your message . i am in process of  finalizing my plans for the trip to london in the end of  september . i delayed responding to you message till  i had more specific information .  unless there a major change in my schedule , i shall arrive  in london on monday morning ( september 18 ) and leave on  thursday in the evening .  please , let me know what would be convenient time  to meet . you can send me an e - mail message and my secretary  will contact to confirm the date and place of the meeting .  my assistant ' s name is shirley crenshaw and her phone  number is 713 853 5290 .  i look forward to meeting you , tom and julian .  vince kaminski  paul . e . day @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 08 / 25 / 2000 11 : 53 : 02 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tom . o . lewthwaite @ uk . arthurandersen . com ,  julian . leake @ uk . arthurandersen . com  subject : london visit  i understand that you will be in london around 20 september . tom lewthwaite  has  asked me to arrange a meeting between you , tom and julian leake . i understand  that you have met tom and julian before . i would also like to attend - i am  a  manager in our uk financial services practice with responsibilty for enron  from  a uk financial services perspective . we would like to discuss any risk  management concerns that you may have and any internal initiatives with which  we  could assist .  if you are happy to meet on this basis , i would be grateful if you could let  me  know how you to proceed ( whether i should arrange timings with you , your  secretary , someone in london etc ) . you can contact me on + 44 20 7783 7446 ( at  enron ' s london offices ) or on this e - mail address .  kind regards  paul day  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .",0,london visit paul shall london beginning october shall notify timing trip later week vince paul e day uk arthurandersen com pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject london visit understand cancelled problem life kind hectic anyway try rearrange next time kind regards paul day paul e day cc vince j kaminski enron com shirley crenshaw enron com date vince j kaminski enron com subject london visit paul thanks message process finalizing plans trip london end september delayed responding message till specific information unless major change schedule shall arrive london monday morning september leave thursday evening please let know would convenient time meet send e mail message secretary contact confirm date place meeting assistant name shirley crenshaw phone number look forward meeting tom julian vince kaminski paul e day uk arthurandersen com vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc tom lewthwaite uk arthurandersen com julian leake uk arthurandersen com subject london visit understand london around september tom lewthwaite asked arrange meeting tom julian leake understand met tom julian would also like attend manager uk financial services practice responsibilty enron uk financial services perspective would like discuss risk management concerns may internal initiatives could assist happy meet basis would grateful could let know proceed whether arrange timings secretary someone london etc contact enron london offices e mail address kind regards paul day internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed
"Subject: post visit - enron  vince and christie :  again , many thanks for inviting and hosting the tiger team for an on - site  visit . it was a wonderful opportunity to meet and attend the very  informative briefings from the many senior level contacts you provided to  learn more about enron overall . it was enlightening and exciting to learn so  much about enron . what a great company ! the trip got rave reviews from the  students . you were delightful and most accommodating hosts .  as for the project , i am in the process of confirming dates and locations  for the weekly thursday ( 4 : 00 - 6 : 00 pm est ) videoconferences with enron and  will copy you on the email to the students . i know they are anxious to begin  to narrow the scope as soon as possible so that can begin the research and  analysis of their particular projects .  thank you for your time and support of the project .  sincerely ,  donna piazze  program director  field application project  the wharton school  univ . of pennsylvania  215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727  fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu  piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu",0,post visit enron vince christie many thanks inviting hosting tiger team site visit wonderful opportunity meet attend informative briefings many senior level contacts provided learn enron overall enlightening exciting learn much enron great company trip got rave reviews students delightful accommodating hosts project process confirming dates locations weekly thursday pm est videoconferences enron copy email students know anxious begin narrow scope soon possible begin research analysis particular projects thank time support project sincerely donna piazze program director field application project wharton school univ pennsylvania fax fap management wharton upenn edu piazze wharton upenn edu
"Subject: i would like to help your marketing efforts !  hello fellow entrepreneur ,  my name is jon roberts and i represent one of the largest  lead companies on the internet . we specialize in national , local area code , and  gender based real time leads . we also run custom marketing campaigns for  organizations that want a more targeted lead due to their line of service or  product .  you can reach me at the number below or simply reply to  this email . we hope to serve you soon - thanks ! jonathan  robertsl - 800 - 663 - 0311 theleadmanl @ yahoo . com * if you have received  this message in error or would like to be removed from the mailing list please  reply to this email with your removal request and it will be processed  immediately ! *",1,would like help marketing efforts hello fellow entrepreneur name jon roberts represent one largest lead companies internet specialize national local area code gender based real time leads also run custom marketing campaigns organizations want targeted lead due line service product reach number simply reply email hope serve soon thanks jonathan robertsl theleadmanl yahoo com received message error would like removed mailing list please reply email removal request processed immediately
"Subject: re :  life . . . : )  maybe next time .  roman  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : rkosecki @ mieco . com  sent : 10 / 18 / 00 1 : 14 pm  subject : re :  roman ,  sorry . i am leaving for philadelphia this evening . leaving office around  5  p . m . let ' s get together on another occasion .  vince  roman kosecki on 10 / 18 / 2000 02 : 09 : 28 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re :  hi vince ,  i am in houston now . will have to work late . but how about  drinks / food  some time around 7 - 8 or later ? i am staying at wyndham greenplace ( ? )  and  will use taxi to get around .  thanks  roman  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : rkosecki @ mieco . com  sent : 10 / 13 / 00 7 : 55 am  subject : re :  roman  thanks .  my home number is 281 367 5377  vince  roman kosecki on 10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 38 : 39 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re :  i will be in houston on wed . willl give you a call  roman  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : thursday , october 12 , 2000 2 : 43 pm  to : rkosecki @ mieco . com  subject : re :  roman ,  drinks after work would be better . i am flying back from ca on tue  morning .  please , call me at 713 853 3848 or 713 410 5396 ( cell )  in the afternoon .  vince  roman kosecki on 10 / 12 / 2000 12 : 21 : 50 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject :  hi vince  i will be in houston for a few days next week ( like mon - wed ) . if you  are  back from your european trips maybe we can "" do "" lunch ?  roman",0,life maybe next time roman original message vince j kaminski enron com rkosecki mieco com sent pm subject roman sorry leaving philadelphia evening leaving office around p let get together another occasion vince roman kosecki pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject hi vince houston work late drinks food time around later staying wyndham greenplace use taxi get around thanks roman original message vince j kaminski enron com rkosecki mieco com sent subject roman thanks home number vince roman kosecki vince j kaminski enron com cc subject houston wed willl give call roman original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent thursday october pm rkosecki mieco com subject roman drinks work would better flying back ca tue morning please call cell afternoon vince roman kosecki pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject hi vince houston days next week like mon wed back european trips maybe lunch roman
"Subject: re : please find home for brainful candidate  shirley ,  please , arrange a phone interview . zimin , stinson , and myself .  he may be a good candidate for tanya .  vince  stinson gibner  07 / 20 / 2000 11 : 16 am  to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : please find home for brainful candidate  any interest ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 07 / 20 / 2000  11 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stephanie miller @ enron  07 / 20 / 2000 10 : 49 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , joe williamson / gco / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : please find home for brainful candidate  attached for your review is a resume a friend of mine came across . thought  you might want to review .  regards ,  stephanie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie miller / corp / enron on 07 / 20 / 2000  11 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  debbie chance  07 / 20 / 2000 09 : 42 am  to : stephanie miller / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : please find home for brainful candidate  stephanie ,  came by way of friend of a friend - looks very good on paper . he has  identified an interest in the following jobs that were posted in the net .  you know everyone here - could you identifiy the appropriate people to call  attention to this candidate ?  resume attached below .  thanks ,  dc  1 . economic advisor  contact : respond to enron corp , human resources 235 , p . o . box 3330 , omaha ,  ne  68103 - 0330 or e - mail : dea . crum @ enron . com as a . doc or . txt attachment . please  include this requisition number : 104776  | | |  | job id | 0000104776 |  | | |  | | |  | department | systems optimization team |  | | |  | | |  | company | gas pipeline group |  | | gas pipeline group |  | | |  2 . manager  contact : please do not contact the hiring manager . no faxes please . send  resumes  via e - mail to tony . vasut @ enron . com or mail to enron , attn : tvasut - eb 3628 ,  1400  smith st . , houston , tx 77002 . please refer to job # 104486  ( embedded image moved to file : pico 4224 . pcx )  | | |  | job id | 0000104486 |  | | |  | | |  | department | trade credit |  | | |  | | |  | company | corporate staff |  | | risk assessment and control |  | | |  3 . manager  contact : to submit resume for consideration , please e - mail it to  bholcomb @ enron . com if possible . plain text in the message or an attached  word . doc are acceptable . please use no columns , italics or underlines . if  unable  to email , bholcomb @ enron . com , fax it to ( 713 ) 646 - 2169 , attn : ebl 013 a or mail  it  to b . holcomb , ebl 013 a , p . o . box 1188 , houston , tx . 77251 - 1188  | | |  | job id | 0000104778 |  | | |  | | |  | department | asset operations & svcs |  | | |  | | |  | company | wholesale , retail & comm |  | | enron energy services |  | | |  4 . gas trading support generalist  contact : please email resume to mark . broadfoot @ enron . com or if email is  unavailable , respond to mark broadfoot eb 3617 a . reference job id # 0000104730 in  email subject . resumes not accepted from agents . global technology hot job  ( embedded image moved to file : picl 9645 . pcx )  | | |  | job id | 0000104730 |  | | |  | | |  | department | infrastructure & integrat |  | | |  | | |  | company | global functions |  | | technology |  | | |  5 . risk management analyst  contact : to be considered for this position , please e - mail your resume as a  . doc  or . txt attachment with your salary history to enajobs 4 @ enron . com . ( please  eliminates italics , underlining , multiple margins or side - by - side columns . )  please indicate on the email subject line your name and the job id # . resumes  with salary history will receive priority review .  | | |  | job id | 0000104631 |  | | |  | | |  | department | global facilities |  | | |  | | |  | company | wholesale , retail & comm |  | | north america |  | | | ",0,please find home brainful candidate shirley please arrange phone interview zimin stinson may good candidate tanya vince stinson gibner pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject please find home brainful candidate interest forwarded stinson gibner hou ect stephanie miller enron stinson gibner hou ect ect joe williamson gco enron enron cc subject please find home brainful candidate attached review resume friend mine came across thought might want review regards stephanie forwarded stephanie miller corp enron debbie chance stephanie miller corp enron enron cc subject please find home brainful candidate stephanie came way friend friend looks good paper identified interest following jobs posted net know everyone could identifiy appropriate people call attention candidate resume attached thanks dc economic advisor contact respond enron corp human resources p box omaha ne e mail dea crum enron com doc txt attachment please include requisition number job id department systems optimization team company gas pipeline group gas pipeline group manager contact please contact hiring manager faxes please send resumes via e mail tony vasut enron com mail enron attn tvasut eb smith st houston tx please refer job embedded image moved file pico pcx job id department trade credit company corporate staff risk assessment control manager contact submit resume consideration please e mail bholcomb enron com possible plain text message attached word doc acceptable please use columns italics underlines unable email bholcomb enron com fax attn ebl mail b holcomb ebl p box houston tx job id department asset operations svcs company wholesale retail comm enron energy services gas trading support generalist contact please email resume mark broadfoot enron com email unavailable respond mark broadfoot eb reference job id email subject resumes accepted agents global technology hot job embedded image moved file picl pcx job id department infrastructure integrat company global functions technology risk management analyst contact considered position please e mail resume doc txt attachment salary history enajobs enron com please eliminates italics underlining multiple margins side side columns please indicate email subject line name job id resumes salary history receive priority review job id department global facilities company wholesale retail comm north america
Subject: claim your free $ 1000 home depot gift card .  claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) .  by exclusiverewards  ystyxapg,1,claim free home depot gift card claim home depot gift card value sure find use gift card area exclusiverewards ystyxapg
"Subject: windows xp pro $ 49 . 95 ms 2003  opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 adobe photoshop 9 . 03 windows xp pro 4 adobe acrobat 7 pro 5 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 norton antivirus 20058 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe illustrator 11 see more by this manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 86 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : qaxvogcpu sales rank : # 1 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1956 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : bcqqf sales rank : # 2 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 18525 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : i 7 fxw 5 xj sales rank : # 3 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1879 reviews . write a review . adobe acrobat professional v 7 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ejwludroy sales rank : # 4 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 162182 reviews . write a review .",1,windows xp pro ms opt email special offer unsubscribe search software top new titles sale office pro adobe photoshop windows xp pro adobe acrobat pro flash mx corel draw norton antivirus windows server alias maya wavefrtl adobe illustrator see manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought items microsoft office professional edition microsoftchoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code qaxvogcpu sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review adobe photoshop cs v adobechoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code bcqqf sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review microsoft windows xp professional longhorn edition microsoftchoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code fxw xj sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review adobe acrobat professional v adobechoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ejwludroy sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review
"Subject: vince kaminski ' s discussion notes for the enterprise wide risk  management meeting , january 21  attached please find the discussion notes for the offsite meeting on  friday , february 4 th .  if you have any questions or comments , please let me know .  vince kaminski ( by shirley crenshaw )  3 - 3848",0,vince kaminski discussion notes enterprise wide risk management meeting january attached please find discussion notes offsite meeting friday february th questions comments please let know vince kaminski shirley crenshaw
"Subject: new vacancies availablee  the leading internet job si barbituric te of australia www . seek . com . au presents unique part - time job proposal from international tour agency travel tour guide . that job position was called "" job of the y construe ear - 2004 "" and it is actual now because of hot summer and best prices for travel tour guide proposals in internet .  do you want to start a successful carrier right now without any entrance fees , without buying goods or involving other people ? do you want to start a successful carrier in financial sphere without economical education or special experience ? - so this glaucoma is a chance for you .  travel tour guide is happy offering you to apply for one of the open financial manager positions . this is a unique proposal because while examining you as applicant only your criminal records and c prudent redit history will be looked through . all we demand from you is to check your e - mail several times a day and to have a valid bank account or to open a new one .  the main option of financial manager ' s job is to receive funds on personal bank account with future remittance to travel tour guide . manager gets 5 % from every remittance . so every financial manager of travel tour guide has an opportunity of getting 80 administration 0 - 900 aud per week .  travel tour guide resumed that position because of regular bank wires last for 3 - 5 days . such long period prevents us from selling hot tours . besides the world leading payment systems like visa and mastercard decreased the limits for internet payments . the activity of financial managers in various regions became inauspicious a rescue for wide range of on - line companies which sells good up to bank limits .  travel tour guide has already got the network of financial managers working worldwide . we have got a high demand this sum effulgence mer in australia so our managers can not process all the transactions in time . so company resumed that vacancy in australia . please forward your letter toinfo @ travel - tour - guide . com and you will be sent the detailed job description and also you can ask for application form .  if you are not interested in this oppose job offer you can visit www . seek . com . au . a lot of vaca patina ncies from more than 75000 employers can be found there .",1,new vacancies availablee leading internet job si barbituric te australia www seek com au presents unique part time job proposal international tour agency travel tour guide job position called job construe ear actual hot summer best prices travel tour guide proposals internet want start successful carrier right without entrance fees without buying goods involving people want start successful carrier financial sphere without economical education special experience glaucoma chance travel tour guide happy offering apply one open financial manager positions unique proposal examining applicant criminal records c prudent redit history looked demand check e mail several times day valid bank account open new one main option financial manager job receive funds personal bank account future remittance travel tour guide manager gets every remittance every financial manager travel tour guide opportunity getting administration aud per week travel tour guide resumed position regular bank wires last days long period prevents us selling hot tours besides world leading payment systems like visa mastercard decreased limits internet payments activity financial managers various regions became inauspicious rescue wide range line companies sells good bank limits travel tour guide already got network financial managers working worldwide got high demand sum effulgence mer australia managers process transactions time company resumed vacancy australia please forward letter toinfo travel tour guide com sent detailed job description also ask application form interested oppose job offer visit www seek com au lot vaca patina ncies employers found
"Subject: wharton trip january 18 , 2001  jeff and vince . . . "" fyi ' ' . . . christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000  09 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  melinda mccarty @ enron  12 / 19 / 2000 03 : 05 pm  to : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : wharton trip january 18 , 2001  cp -  fyi - attached is the memo that i faxed to the parkplace warwick . i copied  donna piazze at wharton also .  maria",0,wharton trip january jeff vince fyi christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm melinda mccarty enron pm christie patrick enron com cc subject wharton trip january cp fyi attached memo faxed parkplace warwick copied donna piazze wharton also maria
"Subject: re : asian option for pavel  stinson ,  let ' s talk about it . it seems like an open personality clash developing  for the first time in the history of the group .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001  03 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  05 / 02 / 2001 01 : 41 pm  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  subject : re : asian option for pavel  our convention is whoever finalizes the model should write the  documentation . it does not make sense  to write one when changes are anticipated . you have been working on this  almost a year , it never  strikes you that we need a documentation ?  i created exotica . xll , does that also give you an excuse not working on  exotica documentation ?  zimin  paulo issler  05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 52 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : asian option for pavel  i am surprised that we do not have the documentation ready .  i can make that for you . it is not there because you did not put that  together by the time it was created and all the changes i have made did not  required changes on the functionality .  paulo issler  zimin lu  05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 29 am  to : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : asian option for pavel  tai woo ,  here are the c - codes for the crudeapo . ' sig ' is the spot  volatility meaning the price volatility within the delivery period .  you should consult with pavel for the definition of this "" extra ""  parameters . we  would like to see the position monitor once you get it running .  we might have some additional suggestions .  paulo ,  why don ' t we have a documentation on crudeapo you worked on ?  i can not find it in exotica help file . please supply that to tai , thanks .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 09 : 55 am  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kara maloney / enron @ enronxgate , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : asian option for pavel  this morning , zimin told me that pavel is using a special model in evaluating  his asian option portfolio .  he asked me to talk to you in order to access to the code so that i can see  the difference made to the model .  as i cannot find the doc . describing this model , please tell me what that new  input parameter ' sig ' is .  thanks ,",0,asian option pavel stinson let talk seems like open personality clash developing first time history group vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm zimin lu pm paulo issler hou ect ect cc bcc vince j kaminski hou ect subject asian option pavel convention whoever finalizes model write documentation make sense write one changes anticipated working almost year never strikes need documentation created exotica xll also give excuse working exotica documentation zimin paulo issler zimin lu hou ect ect cc tai woo enron enronxgate enron pavel zadorozhny enron enronxgate subject asian option pavel surprised documentation ready make put together time created changes made required changes functionality paulo issler zimin lu tai woo enron enronxgate enron paulo issler hou ect ect cc pavel zadorozhny enron enronxgate subject asian option pavel tai woo c codes crudeapo sig spot volatility meaning price volatility within delivery period consult pavel definition extra parameters would like see position monitor get running might additional suggestions paulo documentation crudeapo worked find exotica help file please supply tai thanks tai woo enron enronxgate paulo issler hou ect ect cc kara maloney enron enronxgate zimin lu hou ect ect subject asian option pavel morning zimin told pavel using special model evaluating asian option portfolio asked talk order access code see difference made model find doc describing model please tell new input parameter sig thanks
"Subject: approval for reviewer  krishnarao , pinnamaneni v has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your  approval . your may review / modify this list of reviewers by logging on to pep  at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and going to supervisor services . please  remember , no feedback can be completed on krishnarao , pinnamaneni v until you  have approved the list .",0,approval reviewer krishnarao pinnamaneni v suggested reviewers submitted approval may review modify list reviewers logging pep http pep corp enron com going supervisor services please remember feedback completed krishnarao pinnamaneni v approved list
"Subject: re : got ink ? 21846  what have you been up to ?  i don ' t know about you , but i am sick and tired of going  down to the store to find out that your printer cartridges  cost more than the printer itself ! i know how you feel  - i print over 500 pages a day , and it feels like there is  a vacuum sucking money out of my wallet ! now , this has got  to stop because i know it doesn ' t cost the printer companies  anywhere near what it costs me to do my office and school work !  well , it finally has . the superink solution .  you ' re probably thinking to yourself , "" gosh darn , not another  cheap knockoff printer cartridge ! "" like you , i was very  skeptical at first , but my best friend & business associate  said it helped her save over $ 100 a month on printer supplies .  so i tried it . i mean , there was nothing to lose because they  offer a 100 % satisfaction guarantee , up to a one - year warranty  on all of their products and free shipping on all orders !  let me tell you , it was one of the best decisions i ' ve ever made .  period . six months later , as i ' m writing this message to you ,  i ' ve gone from spending $ 1000 dollars a month on printer supplies  to now only $ 475 ! and i haven ' t had to sacrifice the quality or  service that i received from the local office supply store . in fact ,  the service is even better ! i ' ve had 1 defective cartridge since  i started dealing with superink and they sent me a new replacement  within 3 days , no questions asked . now , i can print all i want !  i was so happy with the results that i contacted their manufacturer  and got permission to be a reseller - at a big discount . i want  to help other people to avoid getting jipped by the printer companies  like i did . because a penny saved is a penny earned !  i give you my personal pledge the superink soltuion will absolutely  work for you . if it doesn ' t , you can return your order anytime  for a full refund .  if you are frustrated with dishing out money like it is water to the  printer companies , or tired of poor quality ink & toner cartridges ,  then i recommend - the superink solution .  you ' re probably asking yourself , "" ok , so how do we save all this money  without losing quality and service ? ""  modern technology has provided superink with unique , revolutionary  methods of wax molding that allow the ink & toner to ' settle ' , which  prevents any substantial damage that would occur during shipping and  handling . nothing "" magic "" about it - just quality & savings , big savings !  here is the bottom line . . .  i can help you save 30 % - 70 % per week / per month / per year or per lifetime  by purchasing any of our ink & toner supplies . just try it once , you ' ll  keep coming back - there ' s nothing to lose , and much money to be saved !  100 % satisfaction guaranteed . you will be able to print as much as you  want without wasting money or sacrificing quality - guaranteed .  that is my pledge to you .  to order from the superink solution on our secure server , just click  on the link below ( or enter it into your browser ) :  http : / / www . superink . net /  if you have difficulty accessing the website above , please  try contacting us toll - free at 1 - 800 - 758 - 8084 - thanks !  sincerely - bruce tipton  if you do not wish to receive any more emails from me , please  send an email to "" print 2 @ btamail . net . cn "" requesting to be removed .  thank you and sorry for any inconvenience . ",1,got ink know sick tired going store find printer cartridges cost printer know feel print pages day feels like vacuum sucking money wallet got stop know cost printer companies anywhere near costs office school work well finally superink solution probably thinking gosh darn another cheap knockoff printer cartridge like skeptical first best friend business associate said helped save month printer supplies tried mean nothing lose offer satisfaction guarantee one year warranty products free shipping orders let tell one best decisions ever made period six months later writing message gone spending dollars month printer supplies sacrifice quality service received local office supply store fact service even better defective cartridge since started dealing superink sent new replacement within days questions asked print want happy results contacted manufacturer got permission reseller big discount want help people avoid getting jipped printer companies like penny saved penny earned give personal pledge superink soltuion absolutely work return order anytime full refund frustrated dishing money like water printer companies tired poor quality ink toner cartridges recommend superink solution probably asking ok save money without losing quality service modern technology provided superink unique revolutionary methods wax molding allow ink toner settle prevents substantial damage would occur shipping handling nothing magic quality savings big savings bottom line help save per week per month per year per lifetime purchasing ink toner supplies try keep coming back nothing lose much money saved satisfaction guaranteed able print much want without wasting money sacrificing quality guaranteed pledge order superink solution secure server click link enter browser http www superink net difficulty accessing website please try contacting us toll free thanks sincerely bruce tipton wish receive emails please send email print btamail net cn requesting removed thank sorry inconvenience
"Subject: contact info  fyi !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001  10 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin _ kindall @ fpl . com @ fpl . com on 03 / 21 / 2001 10 : 25 : 28 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com , anita . dupont @ enron . com  cc :  subject : contact info  hi . i have email access ! ! my contact info . . .  phone number : ( 561 ) 625 7525  fax : ( 561 ) 625 7519  feel free to forward this info to other members of the group . i ' m  still in corporate housing , so no home address yet .  the only loose end that i can think of pertains to an issue that came  up in the exit interview . am i to be reimbursed for unused vacation ?  norma villereal said something about this , but i ' m not certain about the  details .  stay in touch .  kevin kindall",0,contact info fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect kevin kindall fpl com fpl com shirley crenshaw enron com anita dupont enron com cc subject contact info hi email access contact info phone number fax feel free forward info members group still corporate housing home address yet loose end think pertains issue came exit interview reimbursed unused vacation norma villereal said something certain details stay touch kevin kindall
"Subject: re : stanford check  paul ,  thanks a lot .  vince  from : paul racicot @ enron communications on 10 / 20 / 2000 06 : 03 am  to : stinson gibner / enron communications  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : stanford check  fyi  - - - - - forwarded by paul racicot / enron communications on 10 / 20 / 00 06 : 06 am  - - - - -  steven batchelder  10 / 19 / 00 04 : 36 pm  to : paul racicot / enron communications @ enron communications , sally  slaughter / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : stanford check  just wanted to let you know that the check went out fedex - priority  overnight . they should have it tomorrow morning .  the tracking number is 823038069157 and can be tracked at www . fedex . com  sally ~ per our conversation i will interoffice you the airbill slip .  if you need anything else , please let us know .  thanks .  steven batchelder  accountant  enron broadband services  713 - 345 - 9340  steven _ batchelder @ enron . net",0,stanford check paul thanks lot vince paul racicot enron communications stinson gibner enron communications cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject stanford check fyi forwarded paul racicot enron communications steven batchelder pm paul racicot enron communications enron communications sally slaughter enron communications enron communications cc subject stanford check wanted let know check went fedex priority overnight tomorrow morning tracking number tracked www fedex com sally per conversation interoffice airbill slip need anything else please let us know thanks steven batchelder accountant enron broadband services steven batchelder enron net
"Subject: re : transition to research group - an update  molly : just to be sure that everyone understands , anshuman cannot work in  the us on a bl visa - he can only come here for business meetings and  training .  we will have to get him the ll visa in order for him to work in the us .  margaret  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 53 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  thank you so much for the information , vince . i hope that you have a great  weekend !  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 39 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  molly ,  i shall ask sandeep to do it when he comes back from india next week .  i have just learned that anshuman has bl visa and he can start on a project  as a person  delegated by dhabol power company to houston . to be absolutely above the line ,  i would still arrange the ll visa .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 10 : 44 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  i agree that it makes sense to put the ll in place . there are several things  we will need from you in order to start the visa process . the first is a  fairly detailed job description for anshuman . secondly , we also need to know  whether or not he will be in a managerial position here and / or managing a  project . if there is someone else in your group who can furnish this job  description , just let me know and i will be happy to contact him / her .  as for sandeep , i have been told that he is a u . s . resident so there should  be no problems with him . margaret daffin will be contacting him to be  absolutely sure .  thanks ,  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 10 : 21 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  molly ,  let ' s get ll for anshuman , just in case . i am sure he will stay here for a  while  once he comes . it is quite obvious jeff shankman will have to keep him  longer ,  given the priority of the project .  i assume there are no problems with sandeep .  thanks .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 09 : 54 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  thank you for the update , vince . i have been working with margaret daffin  with regard to anshuman ' s visa status . we will have to get an ll visa in  place before he can come to the united states , even in a temporary  capacity . do you want to move forward with that effort at this time , or  is the possibility of him coming to the u . s . so remote that it wouldn ' t be  worth the time and money right now ?  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 09 : 42 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : transition to research group - an update  molly ,  this is an update on anshuman . please , see below . it seems  that his transfer is not an issue for the time being .  we can put it on a back - burner till he gets here .  vince  p . s . the relevant section .  i also spoke about anshuman , and there was resistance to his leaing for such  a long time . however , i have agreement from folks here to send him to  houston for a shorter stint on dpc budget . i will try to finalize that  before i leave . i will call you in the evening to just chat .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001  09 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sandeep kohli @ enron _ development  01 / 19 / 2001 04 : 32 am  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : transition to research group - an update  vince ,  just wanted to let you know that i had a meeting with wade cline ( coo , enron  india ) , neil mcgregor ( president , dpc ) , and mohan gurunath ( cfo , dpc ) today .  though i had already spoken to all of them earlier about my joining your  group , today it became official , and all of them supported the move . i  explained to them what we would be doing , and the results expected from the  henwood study .  dpc would like to pay the costs for the study , and that was mentioned . there  maybe some tax issues etc . that need to be cleared , and other related issues  that i would like to discuss with you , so i will leave them till i get to  houston .  i also spoke about anshuman , and there was resistance to his leaing for such  a long time . however , i have agreement from folks here to send him to  houston for a shorter stint on dpc budget . i will try to finalize that  before i leave . i will call you in the evening to just chat .  i am very thankful to you for giving the opportunity you have . things here  have deteriorated dramatically over the last few weeks . morale is quite down  due to many lay - offs .  i am really looking forward to returning to houston , and the family ! !  regards ,  sandeep .",0,transition research group update molly sure everyone understands anshuman work us bl visa come business meetings training get visa order work us margaret enron north america corp molly magee pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc margaret daffin hou ect ect subject transition research group update thank much information vince hope great weekend molly vince j kaminski pm molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly shall ask sandeep comes back india next week learned anshuman bl visa start project person delegated dhabol power company houston absolutely line would still arrange visa vince enron north america corp molly magee vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc margaret daffin hou ect ect subject transition research group update agree makes sense put place several things need order start visa process first fairly detailed job description anshuman secondly also need know whether managerial position managing project someone else group furnish job description let know happy contact sandeep told u resident problems margaret daffin contacting absolutely sure thanks molly vince j kaminski molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly let get anshuman case sure stay comes quite obvious jeff shankman keep longer given priority project assume problems sandeep thanks vince enron north america corp molly magee vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc margaret daffin hou ect ect subject transition research group update thank update vince working margaret daffin regard anshuman visa status get visa place come united states even temporary capacity want move forward effort time possibility coming u remote worth time money right molly vince j kaminski molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly update anshuman please see seems transfer issue time put back burner till gets vince p relevant section also spoke anshuman resistance leaing long time however agreement folks send houston shorter stint dpc budget try finalize leave call evening chat forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect sandeep kohli enron development vince j kaminski ect cc subject transition research group update vince wanted let know meeting wade cline coo enron india neil mcgregor president dpc mohan gurunath cfo dpc today though already spoken earlier joining group today became official supported move explained would results expected henwood study dpc would like pay costs study mentioned maybe tax issues etc need cleared related issues would like discuss leave till get houston also spoke anshuman resistance leaing long time however agreement folks send houston shorter stint dpc budget try finalize leave call evening chat thankful giving opportunity things deteriorated dramatically last weeks morale quite due many lay offs really looking forward returning houston family regards sandeep
"Subject: re : fmrc  mark ,  thanks for the info . i shall check it out .  vince  mark courtney  05 / 17 / 2000 03 : 48 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : joe gordon / corp / enron @ enron  subject : fmrc  vince ,  i ran across this during my recruiting at vanderbilt . it is headed by hans  stoll , one of the leading derivative academicians in the country . i looked  at their website briefly and thought you might be interested . i have also  forwarded some email correspondence between dr . stoll and joe gordon , one of  our associates and a former student of his at owen school . we have been very  successful lately in recruiting at vanderbilt , both at the undergrad and mba  levels , and have gotten some high quality people . please let me know if you  have any interest in this and i would be glad to follow up with dr . stoll or  help out in any way i can .  thank you ,  mark courtney  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark courtney / hou / ect on 05 / 17 / 2000 03 : 42  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : joe gordon @ enron 05 / 11 / 2000 11 : 33 am  to : mark courtney / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : fmrc  mark - -  i dropped the ball as far as getting someone to the april meeting , but i  would to try to get this going .  thanks ,  joe  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joe gordon / corp / enron on 05 / 11 / 2000 08 : 42  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  hans stoll on 03 / 20 / 2000 12 : 22 : 36 pm  to : "" ' joe . gordon @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : fmrc  joe ,  thanks for your note .  the purpose of the fmrc is to stimulate research on financial markets and to  provide a link between academic research , real world issues and regulation .  members of the center sit on the advisory board and help direct the research  of the center . they send an unlimited number of participants to center  conferences . our center is unique in its mix of academics , practitioners and  regulators . for members , such as enron , it provides a window on the academic  world , and would give enron an opportunity to stimulate research in the use  of markets in heretofore unusual commodities .  more information on the center can be found at  http : / / mba . vanderbilt . edu / fmrc /  center members include , nyse , nasdaq , cme , some high tech trading firms ,  merrill lynch . . . .  joining the center usually requires a top management decision , but i would  approach it through the research and the trading areas . one way to start is  to see if anyone in a position to recommend joining the center would like to  attend this year ' s conference on april 13 - 14 . the program is on the web  site . ( membership is $ 10 , 000 per year )  appreciate your interest and help .  let me know if we should provide more detail to someone .  regards ,  hans  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : joe . gordon @ enron . com [ mailto : joe . gordon @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , march 20 , 2000 10 : 45 am  to : hans . stoll @ owen . vanderbilt . edu  subject : fmrc  dr . stoll :  sorry for the delay , but we haven ' t forgotten about your interest in having  enron participate in the fmrc . our holdup is determining who is the  appropriate contact person at enron ( that , and neglect ) . we ' re not sure if  we should approach someone from trading , research , senior management , etc .  also , any additional information on the role the participating firms play  would be helpful .  thanks ,  joe gordon",0,fmrc mark thanks info shall check vince mark courtney pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc joe gordon corp enron enron subject fmrc vince ran across recruiting vanderbilt headed hans stoll one leading derivative academicians country looked website briefly thought might interested also forwarded email correspondence dr stoll joe gordon one associates former student owen school successful lately recruiting vanderbilt undergrad mba levels gotten high quality people please let know interest would glad follow dr stoll help way thank mark courtney forwarded mark courtney hou ect pm enron north america corp joe gordon enron mark courtney hou ect ect cc subject fmrc mark dropped ball far getting someone april meeting would try get going thanks joe forwarded joe gordon corp enron hans stoll pm joe gordon enron com cc subject fmrc joe thanks note purpose fmrc stimulate research financial markets provide link academic research real world issues regulation members center sit advisory board help direct research center send unlimited number participants center conferences center unique mix academics practitioners regulators members enron provides window academic world would give enron opportunity stimulate research use markets heretofore unusual commodities information center found http mba vanderbilt edu fmrc center members include nyse nasdaq cme high tech trading firms merrill lynch joining center usually requires top management decision would approach research trading areas one way start see anyone position recommend joining center would like attend year conference april program web site membership per year appreciate interest help let know provide detail someone regards hans original message joe gordon enron com mailto joe gordon enron com sent monday march hans stoll owen vanderbilt edu subject fmrc dr stoll sorry delay forgotten interest enron participate fmrc holdup determining appropriate contact person enron neglect sure approach someone trading research senior management etc also additional information role participating firms play would helpful thanks joe gordon
Subject: are you happy about your size and sexual performance ?  experience more powerful orgasms  http : / / www . siratu . com / ss /  our thoughts are free .  less is more .  the best way out is always through .  patience is the companion of wisdom .  one swallow does not make a summer .,1,happy size sexual performance experience powerful orgasms http www siratu com ss thoughts free less best way always patience companion wisdom one swallow make summer
"Subject: re : visiting enron  giuseppe ,  thanks a lot . i would appreciate if you could set up a meeting with prof .  bambos .  we talked to him during our last visit and we would like to follow up with  some  specific proposals regarding research projects enron could sponsor .  vince  giuseppe andrea paleologo on 02 / 14 / 2000 03 : 20 : 52 pm  please respond to gappy @ stanford . edu  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : visiting enron  dr . kaminski , i would like to thank you very much for taking care of amy and  me  during our trip to houston . what i saw at enron communication was nothing  short  of revolutionary . more than that , i was impressed with the drive of the  people ,  their kindness , and their proficiency . i look forward to meeting you again in  stanford during the last weekend of february . i will send you an email next  week , so that we can arrange a meeting between you and prof . bambos .  all the best wishes ,  giuseppe  - -  : : giuseppe a paleologo : : http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ gappy  "" what a waste it is to lose one ' s mind . or not to have a mind is being  very wasteful . how true that is . ""  - vice president dan quayle winning friends while  speaking to the united negro college fund , 5 / 9 / 89 -",0,visiting enron giuseppe thanks lot would appreciate could set meeting prof bambos talked last visit would like follow specific proposals regarding research projects enron could sponsor vince giuseppe andrea paleologo pm please respond gappy stanford edu vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject visiting enron dr kaminski would like thank much taking care amy trip houston saw enron communication nothing short revolutionary impressed drive people kindness proficiency look forward meeting stanford last weekend february send email next week arrange meeting prof bambos best wishes giuseppe giuseppe paleologo http www stanford edu gappy waste lose one mind mind wasteful true vice president dan quayle winning friends speaking united negro college fund
"Subject: fpa notice : ebay misrepresentation of identity - user suspension - section 9 -  dear ebay member ,  in an effort to protect your ebay  account security , we have suspended your account until such time that it can  be safely restored to you . we have taken this action because your account  may have been compromised . although we cannot disclose our investigative  procedures that led to this conclusion , please know that we took this action  in order to maintain the safety of your account . for instructions on  getting your account reinstated , please click the button bellow :  thank you for your patience and  cooperation . regards ,  safeharbor departmentebay  inc . ",1,fpa notice ebay misrepresentation identity user suspension section dear ebay member effort protect ebay account security suspended account time safely restored taken action account may compromised although disclose investigative procedures led conclusion please know took action order maintain safety account instructions getting account reinstated please click button bellow thank patience cooperation regards safeharbor departmentebay inc
"Subject: re :  good day ,  everybody will love to get p - p - t - v and pay not a cent .  so will you , check the below web address ,  copy it and paste in your browser .  the web address is :  check 4 choices . com  once who don ' t like such mails , plz . add slash and ' r ' to above address .  and plz . give upt 10 days .  i am missing working right now . .  was michael enjoying running early last month ? .  get back to you later ,  kristi olariu",1,good day everybody love get p p v pay cent check web address copy paste browser web address check choices com like mails plz add slash r address plz give upt days missing working right michael enjoying running early last month get back later kristi olariu
"Subject: re : stanford project  nick ,  thanks for your message . my family is in houston for the christmas holidays  and this means i am not coming any time soon to stanford .  i shall probably visit the campus for the parents weekend . let ' s  plan to meet for dinner then .  i am very glad that you have recruited the 2 nd phd student for the research  project .  we are discussing internally what would be the best topic ( s ) for the project  and we should be ready to talk to you in the nearest future about it .  it makes a lot of sense for you to visit enron to finalize the selection  of the research topics .  we shall be glad to take both eric and giuseppe as summer interns .  everybody was immensely impressed with giuseppe and we shall  welcome him with open arms .  i shall get in touch with you in the beginning of january to finalize the  arrangements for your trip and our meeting at stanford .  vince  nick bambos on 12 / 20 / 2000 12 : 14 : 40 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  subject : stanford project  hello vince and stinson ,  first of all ,  best wishes for happy holidays ! ! ! !  if you are in the stanford area during the holidays , let ' s get together  some time to have dinner .  i have formally established the project - thanks again for funding  it - and i have also recruited the second phd student . his name is  eric cope , and he is a top - notch student , very mature , and entrepreneurial !  we have started working on some interesting problems in this area . i would  hope that eric could spend the coming summer at enron to get immersed into  the "" problem / opportunity generation environment . "" that really helps the  student  to develop a realistic vision about their research .  perhaps , our whole team could visit enron again some time in the next quarter ,  say in march or so , to discuss the research issues we are pursuing . and of  course  you could visit us before that too .  with my warmest wishes ,  nick",0,stanford project nick thanks message family houston christmas holidays means coming time soon stanford shall probably visit campus parents weekend let plan meet dinner glad recruited nd phd student research project discussing internally would best topic project ready talk nearest future makes lot sense visit enron finalize selection research topics shall glad take eric giuseppe summer interns everybody immensely impressed giuseppe shall welcome open arms shall get touch beginning january finalize arrangements trip meeting stanford vince nick bambos pm vince j kaminski enron com cc stinson gibner enron com subject stanford project hello vince stinson first best wishes happy holidays stanford area holidays let get together time dinner formally established project thanks funding also recruited second phd student name eric cope top notch student mature entrepreneurial started working interesting problems area would hope eric could spend coming summer enron get immersed problem opportunity generation environment really helps student develop realistic vision research perhaps whole team could visit enron time next quarter say march discuss research issues pursuing course could visit us warmest wishes nick
"Subject: help on dpc lng options  jeff ,  i fully support sandeep ' s request to move anshuman srivastav to houston .  i anticipate that we shall be working on dhabol related issues for the next  two years  until all the business problems are successfully resolved .  anshuman is a very capable employee , with the right combination of skills to  attack the dhabol modeling challenge . he understands the indian markets as  well  as international fuel markets . he has also a very good grasp  of power industry fundamentals and of the technology used at the dhabol power  plant .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 12 / 2001  04 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sandeep kohli @ enron _ development  03 / 12 / 2001 12 : 40 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : help on dpc lng options  vince ,  this is a follow - up of our meeting with jeff shankman on friday , as well as  our discussions with the global assets group on dpc issues .  as you see , there is a need for developing a comprehensive fuel strategy for  dpc that encompasses both the lng phase , and the naphtha side . furthermore ,  any fuel strategy we develop will have to be in consonance with the power  side of the business . there is a lot of analytical work that will be  required in this context over the next several months , and we will need a  person who understands both the power and the fuel side of the business at  dpc .  i believe anshuman is just such a person . he has worked closely with me over  the last 2 yrs . , and has been trained in the derivatives side of the business  ( he has attended all three levels of derivatives classes offered at enron ) .  over the last month , his presence in houston has greatly helped me in melding  the henwood study with the picture on the lng / fuel side . i believe his  presence in houston will be critical to us developing a comprehensive  fuel / lng strategy for dabhol , together with the global markets and asset  groups .  i am therefore requesting you to explore the possibility of anshuman being  moved on a more permanent basis to houston . as you are aware , anshuman  himself would welcome such an arrangement .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,help dpc lng options jeff fully support sandeep request move anshuman srivastav houston anticipate shall working dhabol related issues next two years business problems successfully resolved anshuman capable employee right combination skills attack dhabol modeling challenge understands indian markets well international fuel markets also good grasp power industry fundamentals technology used dhabol power plant vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm sandeep kohli enron development pm vince j kaminski ect cc subject help dpc lng options vince follow meeting jeff shankman friday well discussions global assets group dpc issues see need developing comprehensive fuel strategy dpc encompasses lng phase naphtha side furthermore fuel strategy develop consonance power side business lot analytical work required context next several months need person understands power fuel side business dpc believe anshuman person worked closely last yrs trained derivatives side business attended three levels derivatives classes offered enron last month presence houston greatly helped melding henwood study picture lng fuel side believe presence houston critical us developing comprehensive fuel lng strategy dabhol together global markets asset groups therefore requesting explore possibility anshuman moved permanent basis houston aware anshuman would welcome arrangement regards sandeep
"Subject: re : video conference with ross mcintyre  nick ,  we may have problems getting the vc location in houston on short notice .  we are currently on stand - by . we shall default , if we have no other choice ,  to a phone interview .  vince  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : nick mooney 04 / 18 / 2000 09 : 09 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect  subject : video conference with ross mcintyre  vince ,  you should have received an invitation through lotus notes which outlines the  vc location for the conference call tomorrow . it is schedule for 4 : 30 pm uk  time ( 10 : 30 am houston time )  ross ' s background is from investment banking ex dresner bank , he has a phd in  mathematical and is currently with speedwell weather derivatives where he has  been developing weather derivative pricing and portfolio optimisation tools  which they have been marketing to end - users with weather risks .  the attached word documents are articles that he has written for publication .  regards  nick mooney  - mcs . doc  - analytic . doc  - par . doc",0,video conference ross mcintyre nick may problems getting vc location houston short notice currently stand shall default choice phone interview vince enron capital trade resources corp europe nick mooney vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc mark tawney hou ect ect subject video conference ross mcintyre vince received invitation lotus notes outlines vc location conference call tomorrow schedule pm uk time houston time ross background investment banking ex dresner bank phd mathematical currently speedwell weather derivatives developing weather derivative pricing portfolio optimisation tools marketing end users weather risks attached word documents articles written publication regards nick mooney mcs doc analytic doc par doc
"Subject: debt information tue , 28 jun 2005 .  subject : debt information tue , 28 jun 2005 .  thank you for using our online store and for your previous order . we have updated our online software store . . . now we have more latest version of programs . our  full catalog with 2100 freshest software titles available for instant download at  web - site http : / / aloe . tabloidez . com /  we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us .  with best wishes ,  managing director ? ? ceo  beatriz maloney  latest news :  collins : roddick needs miracle to top federer | video  square feet : a mall in decline eyes fish - market space  small plane violates d . c . air space , forced to land  idaho girl found ; brother feared dead ",1,debt information tue jun subject debt information tue jun thank using online store previous order updated online software store latest version programs full catalog freshest software titles available instant download web site http aloe tabloidez com hope tell others positive experience us best wishes managing director ceo beatriz maloney latest news collins roddick needs miracle top federer video square feet mall decline eyes fish market space small plane violates c air space forced land idaho girl found brother feared dead
"Subject: enron mid - year 2000 performance management process  enron ' s mid - year 2000 performance management process has begun . during this  process , you will be required to select suggested reviewers who can provide  performance related feedback on you and you may also be requested to provide  feedback on fellow employees . you will need to do this by accessing the  performance management system ( pep ) at http : / / pep . enron . com .  any questions should be directed to the pep help desk at the following  numbers :  in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only )  or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com  to log on to pep , enter your user id and password provided below .  once you have logged on , you will be immediately prompted to change to a  secure password .  your user id & password are :  user id : wkamins 2910  password : welcome",0,enron mid year performance management process enron mid year performance management process begun process required select suggested reviewers provide performance related feedback may also requested provide feedback fellow employees need accessing performance management system pep http pep enron com questions directed pep help desk following numbers u option europe option canada canada employees e mail questions perfmgmt enron com log pep enter user id password provided logged immediately prompted change secure password user id password user id wkamins password welcome
"Subject: re : energy derivatives conference - may 29 , toronto  good morning amy :  vince kaminski will need the following :  an lcd projector to hook up to a lap tap for his presentation  he will have dinner with the conference organizers and speakers on the 29 th .  he will need 2 nights ( the 28 th and the 29 th ) hotel reservations .  he will send you an abstract shortly .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290  amy aldous on 03 / 31 / 2000 10 : 50 : 11 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : energy derivatives conference - may 29 , toronto  ms . crenshaw ,  thank you for sending the bio so quickly . it ' s exactly what i was looking  for .  we are planning to compile the conference speakers ' papers for distribution  to the participants . while i will not need dr . kaminski ' s contribution for  several weeks , an abstract of his presentation as soon as possible would be  very useful to the conference organizers .  i will also need the following information :  - dr . kaminski ' s audio / video equipment requirements for his presentation  - will he be joining the conference organizers and speakers for dinner on  may 29 ?  - which nights will he be staying in toronto ? i will reserve a room at the  conference hotel  - any dietary restrictions or special requests  your help is much appreciated .  best wishes ,  amy  at 11 : 50 am 3 / 30 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > amy :  >  > attached please find a short "" bio "" for dr . kaminski . please let me know  > if i can help further .  >  >  > ( see attached file : vincent kaminski bio . doc )  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  amy aldous , conference co - ordinator  centre for advanced studies in finance  university of waterloo  waterloo , on n 2 l 3 gl  tel : ( 519 ) 888 - 4567 ext . 5728  fax : ( 519 ) 888 - 7562  email : aaldous @ uwaterloo . ca  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *",0,energy derivatives conference may toronto good morning amy vince kaminski need following lcd projector hook lap tap presentation dinner conference organizers speakers th need nights th th hotel reservations send abstract shortly thanks great day shirley crenshaw amy aldous shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject energy derivatives conference may toronto ms crenshaw thank sending bio quickly exactly looking planning compile conference speakers papers distribution participants need dr kaminski contribution several weeks abstract presentation soon possible would useful conference organizers also need following information dr kaminski audio video equipment requirements presentation joining conference organizers speakers dinner may nights staying toronto reserve room conference hotel dietary restrictions special requests help much appreciated best wishes amy wrote amy attached please find short bio dr kaminski please let know help see attached file vincent kaminski bio doc amy aldous conference co ordinator centre advanced studies finance university waterloo waterloo n l gl tel ext fax email aaldous uwaterloo ca
"Subject: re : eol pricing algorithm  hi bob ,  some comments :  1 . you request enron position after successful market order , but not after  limit order - - you may want it after limit order as well to be consistent .  i am not clear on how you would use enron position . it is possible that the  trading desk will have a target position in mind and they will set bids and  offers in such a way as to try to achieve that target position , but this  target position probably changes continuously and is not stored anywhere , and  without this target position there is nothing to compare actual enron  position to . of course , enron position may still provide some insights .  2 . you request bid - mid - ask prices for each trade - - - given that a successful  trade may execute later than time of order ( especially for limit orders ) ,  would you need the evolution or range of bid - mid - ask over this time interval  ( time of order to time of execution ) ? also , for failed trades , you may need  the evolution or range of bid - mid - ask over the time interval from time of  order to time of rejection . this again mainly applies to limit orders , as  the time intervals may not be significant for market orders given the speed  of execution ( something to check ) .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lee , bob  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 8 : 33 am  to : kaminski , vince ; shanbhogue , vasant ; barkley , tom  cc : lu , zimin ; huang , alex ; gibner , stinson  subject : eol pricing algorithm  a draft data request for eol data we would use to study p & l patterns for the  "" george "" pricing algorithm is attached for your review .  i would like to send this to andy zipper and jay webb this afternoon .  bob  >",0,eol pricing algorithm hi bob comments request enron position successful market order limit order may want limit order well consistent clear would use enron position possible trading desk target position mind set bids offers way try achieve target position target position probably changes continuously stored anywhere without target position nothing compare actual enron position course enron position may still provide insights request bid mid ask prices trade given successful trade may execute later time order especially limit orders would need evolution range bid mid ask time interval time order time execution also failed trades may need evolution range bid mid ask time interval time order time rejection mainly applies limit orders time intervals may significant market orders given speed execution something check original message lee bob sent monday april kaminski vince shanbhogue vasant barkley tom cc lu zimin huang alex gibner stinson subject eol pricing algorithm draft data request eol data would use study p l patterns george pricing algorithm attached review would like send andy zipper jay webb afternoon bob
Subject: another bet  vince  i here you are running abook on how quickly we can implement convolution var  for power and since i am up against a summer deadline for this i felt i  should take the other side .  so how about i buy you dinner if i get it done ?  rgds  dp,0,another bet vince running abook quickly implement convolution var power since summer deadline felt take side buy dinner get done rgds dp
"Subject: re : real options conference in cambridge  steve  thanks for agreeing to talk . i attach the program to see the other speakers  and style ( it is addressed to a professional autience )  please give me a suitable title for the talk ( replacing kaminski  % s slot on  july 6 / energy session ) and the details of your position  thanks  lenos  at 05 : 01 _ _ 04 / 20 / 00 + 0100 , steven leppard wrote :  >  >  > dear prof trigeorgis  >  > vince kaminski has suggested that i would be a suitable speaker at your july  > conference in cambridge , and i ' d be happy to come along if required . please  > could you send me appropriate details , and the audience type expected .  >  > many thanks .  >  > yours sincerely ,  > steve leppard  >  >  >  >  - 4 thconfsessions . doc  lenos trigeorgis  professor of finance  university of cyprus  dept of business  75 kallipoleos , po box 20537  cy 1678 nicosia cyprus  tel : + 357 2 892261  fax : 339063",0,real options conference cambridge steve thanks agreeing talk attach program see speakers style addressed professional autience please give suitable title talk replacing kaminski slot july energy session details position thanks lenos steven leppard wrote dear prof trigeorgis vince kaminski suggested would suitable speaker july conference cambridge happy come along required please could send appropriate details audience type expected many thanks sincerely steve leppard thconfsessions doc lenos trigeorgis professor finance university cyprus dept business kallipoleos po box cy nicosia cyprus tel fax
"Subject: re : gwen koepke  i will see you on friday at 3 . if you would like for me to come before then ,  just let me know .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 3 : 01 pm  to : labbe , anne  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : re : gwen koepke  anne ,  thanks for contacting me about this .  as a matter of fact , i wanted to talk to you about it  today as this matter was outstanding for a long time .  i think we should go ahead and adjust gwen to manager ,  effective march 1 . the compensation would be her current base plus  10 k . this is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a manager .  such promotions take place in march and i think  gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management  ( i . e . my and maureen ' s procrastination ) .  on unrelated and more serious matter . gary hickerson is the primary client  for maureen ' s services . he communicated to me a few weeks ago that he is  unwilling to underwrite maureen ' s position ( he is in general unhappy with  her contribution ) . this means that maureen will have to find another sponsor  or leave enron .  given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal  customer  will be quite a challenge .  gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to maureen from his budget .  i would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes .  vince  from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 34 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : gwen koepke  vince ,  just wanted to touch base with you . i have tried to contact maureen so that  gwen ' s title and salary can be adjusted to manager just as you requested , but  have not heard any response from her . would you like for me to wait until i  hear from maureen or should i go ahead and proceed in changing her title ? i  just want to make sure that gwen is in the right peer group during prc .  also , i am going to try and set up a meeting with you next week through  shirley to discuss any buring issues that you are experiencing , and your  expectations during prc .  thanks ,  anne",0,gwen koepke see friday would like come let know original message kaminski vince sent wednesday may pm labbe anne cc kaminski vince subject gwen koepke anne thanks contacting matter fact wanted talk today matter outstanding long time think go ahead adjust gwen manager effective march compensation would current base plus k typically promote associate manager promotions take place march think gwen penalized inefficiency management e maureen procrastination unrelated serious matter gary hickerson primary client maureen services communicated weeks ago unwilling underwrite maureen position general unhappy contribution means maureen find another sponsor leave enron given abrasive aggressive personality finding another internal customer quite challenge gary volunteered pay generous severance maureen budget would like talk minutes vince anne labbe enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject gwen koepke vince wanted touch base tried contact maureen gwen title salary adjusted manager requested heard response would like wait hear maureen go ahead proceed changing title want make sure gwen right peer group prc also going try set meeting next week shirley discuss buring issues experiencing expectations prc thanks anne
"Subject: re : enron offsite  hi steve :  listed below is the information you will need . if i have left out anything ,  please let me know .  * * * * * * * * * *  friday , august 18 th  2 : 00 - 4 : 00 pm arrival in denver ( two separate flights )  can you arrange for shuttle to pick up ?  6 : 30 - 8 : 00 pm dinner at the lodge  saturday , august 19 th  we will need a conference room that will hold 12 - 15 people .  from 8 : 00 am until 4 : 00 pm .  8 : 00 am breakfast buffet set up in meeting room  10 : 00 am break - bring in fresh coffee and water  11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch ( lunch buffet in meeting room ? )  1 : 00 pm meeting resumes  2 : 30 pm break - bring in coffee , juice , cokes and water  4 : 00 pm meeting ends .  we will need an overhead projector and an lcd projector .  we will have dinner somewhere in the village on saturday night ,  any suggestions ?  sunday , august 20 th  8 : 00 - 11 : 00 check out and return to denver for flight to houston  can you arrange shuttle to denver ?  * * * * * * * * * * *  steve : some of the guys may bring their family ( will share the same room )  and stay a couple of days after the meeting ends . is there a problem with  them staying on at the lodge ? if not , please let me know how soon you  need to know how long they plan on staying .  this is all i can think of right now . if anything else comes up i will let  you  know .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley crenshaw  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  "" steve collins "" on 06 / 27 / 2000 02 : 58 : 37 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : enron offsite  rates are a little higher in august than they are in april ( august is high  season for summer ) , but i can do those rooms at $ 125 ( your april rate was  $ 105 ) .  what kind of meeting space will you need ? if you can get me a tentative  agenda , i will get the contract drawn up right away .  thanks again !  steve  > > > 06 / 27 / 00 01 : 28 pm > > >  let ' s do it ! august 18 - 20 is our first choice !  please send me all the information and then we will discuss the  particulars .  i will get vince to sign it immediately .  thanks steve !  shirley  "" steve collins "" on 06 / 27 / 2000 02 : 22 : 27 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : enron offsite  hello again !  i promise i am not running ! the deal that we worked out with the general  manager ( tom pratt ) is that enron has a $ 6000 credit with the great divide  lodge that will expire on 8 / 1 / 00 . you can either use that credit for  individual rooms prior to 8 / 1 / 00 , or we have agreed that we can apply that  amount to a meeting prior to the thanksgiving holiday in 2000 if the  contract is signed before 8 / 1 / 00 .  at this point , august 18 - 20 is available , but the 25 - 28 is not . if we can  get this signed prior to 7 / 31 / 00 , your $ 6000 credit would be able to be  applied to this event .  please let me know if this will work for you . thanks !  steve  steve collins  national sales manager  the village at breckenridge / great divide lodge  ( 800 ) 332 - 0424 or ( 970 ) 453 - 3156 direct  scollins @ vailresorts . com  > > > "" shirley crenshaw "" 06 / 27 / 00 01 : 06 pm > > >  hello steve :  please don ' t run ! i know after the last fiasco with an enron offsite you  are  probably running for the hills !  i do want to apologize to you and thank you for all of your assistance even  though we were unable to make the trip .  however , i understand there has been an arrangement made with enron ,  that if we book a time and come before thanksgiving we can recoup the money  that we forfeited ? please let me know if i am understanding this  correctly .  if so , we have been told that our group can use this for an offsite .  we are looking at the weekends of august 18 , 19 and 20 or august 25 ,  26 and 27 th . there will be approximately 12 people .  please let me know your understanding of the arrangement and the  availability of the dates mentioned .  look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  telephone : 713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,enron offsite hi steve listed information need left anything please let know friday august th pm arrival denver two separate flights arrange shuttle pick pm dinner lodge saturday august th need conference room hold people pm breakfast buffet set meeting room break bring fresh coffee water pm lunch lunch buffet meeting room pm meeting resumes pm break bring coffee juice cokes water pm meeting ends need overhead projector lcd projector dinner somewhere village saturday night suggestions sunday august th check return denver flight houston arrange shuttle denver steve guys may bring family share room stay couple days meeting ends problem staying lodge please let know soon need know long plan staying think right anything else comes let know thanks great day shirley crenshaw email shirley crenshaw enron com steve collins pm cc subject enron offsite rates little higher august april august high season summer rooms april rate kind meeting space need get tentative agenda get contract drawn right away thanks steve pm let august first choice please send information discuss particulars get vince sign immediately thanks steve shirley steve collins pm cc subject enron offsite hello promise running deal worked general manager tom pratt enron credit great divide lodge expire either use credit individual rooms prior agreed apply amount meeting prior thanksgiving holiday contract signed point august available get signed prior credit would able applied event please let know work thanks steve steve collins national sales manager village breckenridge great divide lodge direct scollins vailresorts com shirley crenshaw pm hello steve please run know last fiasco enron offsite probably running hills want apologize thank assistance even though unable make trip however understand arrangement made enron book time come thanksgiving recoup money forfeited please let know understanding correctly told group use offsite looking weekends august august th approximately people please let know understanding arrangement availability dates mentioned look forward hearing regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research telephone email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: 4 color printing special  request additional information now ! click here  click here for a printable version of our order form ( pdf format )  phone : ( 626 ) 338 - 8090 fax : ( 626 ) 338 - 8102 e - mail : ramsey @ goldengraphix . com  request additional information now ! click here  click here for a printable version of our order form ( pdf format )  golden graphix & printing 5110 azusa canyon rd . irwindale , ca 91706 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,color printing special request additional information click click printable version order form pdf format phone fax e mail ramsey goldengraphix com request additional information click click printable version order form pdf format golden graphix printing azusa canyon rd irwindale ca e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: ( no subject )  greg ,  blake johnson sent me this proposal ( i think some of his friends are  the founders of this group ) . it looks like a good project for brad romine  to evaluate it .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000  01 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  blake johnson on 07 / 20 / 2000 01 : 02 : 59 pm  please respond to blakej @ stanford . edu  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : ( no subject )  vince ,  here are the overview powerpoint slides for the investment and strategic  relationship management firm , azure capital , i mentioned in my voice  mail . the transactions they completed in their past lives at csfb and  already in the new firm , as well as their advisory board are probably  the strongest evidence of their capabilities .  hope all is well .  blake  - azure slides . ppt",0,subject greg blake johnson sent proposal think friends founders group looks like good project brad romine evaluate vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm blake johnson pm please respond blakej stanford edu vkamins enron com cc subject subject vince overview powerpoint slides investment strategic relationship management firm azure capital mentioned voice mail transactions completed past lives csfb already new firm well advisory board probably strongest evidence capabilities hope well blake azure slides ppt
"Subject: re : check  julie ,  a clarification . we had an agreement with chris and les to contribute aus  10 , 000  as a part of the cost .  vince  "" julie "" on 10 / 30 / 2000 12 : 32 : 14 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : check  vince ,  ?  thank you for your email . ?  ?  we will send you a copy of the book as soon as it is available , which we are  now estimating to be around ? 21 november ( no need to send us a cheque ; you  deserve it ) .  ?  just let us ? know if we should use a different address than your office in  houston .  ?  thanks again for all of your help .  ?  julie  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 2 : 16 pm  subject : check  julie ,  this message was returned to me a few times when i sent it from my home  address .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  08 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 28 / 2000 12 : 12 : 57 pm  to : ? ? julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : ? ? vkaminski @ aol . com , vkamins @ enron . com  subject : ? check  julie ,  as the book is about to be released to the market , i would like to start  the  process to issue the check to lacima . who will be the payee ( lacima ) and  what  is the address ?  vince",0,check julie clarification agreement chris les contribute aus part cost vince julie pm cc subject check vince thank email send copy book soon available estimating around november need send us cheque deserve let us know use different address office houston thanks help julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent monday october pm subject check julie message returned times sent home address vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vkaminski aol com pm julie lacima co uk cc vkaminski aol com vkamins enron com subject check julie book released market would like start process issue check lacima payee lacima address vince
Subject: t . v .  we are in need of a 9 inch t . v . set .  the set will be located betweeneb 3240 e and  eb 3240 f .  r . c . # 100038  co . # 0011  please if any more information is needed  please call me x 34710 .  also please provide e . t . a .  thanks  kevin moore,0,v need inch v set set located betweeneb e eb f r c co please information needed please call x also please provide e thanks kevin moore
"Subject: let ' s appreciate it . . . .  dear  we are proud to introduce to you this amazing painting form emile  louisius . let us appreciate it together .  creoleart . com  info @ creoleart . com  if  you do not see the graphics below , click  here to view in a new window .  to ensure delivery , please add contact @ creoleart . com  to your contact list .  emile  louisius he is born on june 22 , 1964 to jeremie .  self - educated , he has taught one self the painting .  he has his first one man show with henri r . bresil to  jamaica in 1985 . and after that he continued to show  off in several towns in the world , such as japan .  pal 6200600  16 x 20  price  $ 600 . 00 usd  related  item  edras  florestal  30 x 40  $ 2600 . 00 usd  the  gallery  exhibitions  of all artists works . in that field is available informations  regarding the items , the sizes , and the prices  next  offer  see here  the next offers from creoleart . com . if you want to see all  previews creoleart . com offers click  here  contact  us  info @ creoleart . com  contact @ creoleart . com  011 ( 509 ) 5279421  p . o . box 16102  the international code  is 011 and haiti ' s country code is ( 509 ) - copyright 2004 creole  art online inc , all rights reserved - contact @ creoleart . com  about this mailing :  you are receiving this e - mail because you subscribed to creoleart . com  best offers . creoleart . com respects your privacy . if you do not wish to  receive this creoleart . com best offers e - mail , please either click the  unsubscribe link below and type remove my link to your mailing  list please . so you will never receive any emails from us . but if you  will , just email to contact @ creoleart . com and type add me in your mailing  list please . prices and item availability subject to change without notice .  www . creoleart . com ",1,let appreciate dear proud introduce amazing painting form emile louisius let us appreciate together creoleart com info creoleart com see graphics click view new window ensure delivery please add contact creoleart com contact list emile louisius born june jeremie self educated taught one self painting first one man show henri r bresil jamaica continued show several towns world japan pal x price usd related item edras florestal x usd gallery exhibitions artists works field available informations regarding items sizes prices next offer see next offers creoleart com want see previews creoleart com offers click contact us info creoleart com contact creoleart com p box international code haiti country code copyright creole art online inc rights reserved contact creoleart com mailing receiving e mail subscribed creoleart com best offers creoleart com respects privacy wish receive creoleart com best offers e mail please either click unsubscribe link type remove link mailing list please never receive emails us email contact creoleart com type add mailing list please prices item availability subject change without notice www creoleart com
"Subject: i know your company !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstanding webslte  wiil make the task much easier .  we do not promise that havinq ordered a logo your  company wiii automaticaliy become a worid leader : it isguite ciear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,know company lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwheiming good catchy logo styllsh statlonery outstanding webslte wiil make task much easier promise havinq ordered logo company wiii automaticaliy become worid leader isguite ciear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: data for moody ' s riskcalc  craig and kim ,  as you know , i have obtained a 60 day trial subscription to moody ' s riskcalc .  you wanted to know if it makes sense for enron to purchase riskcalc .  well , after plowing through their 100 page manual and sitting through today ' s 2 - hour moody ' s presentation , it is necessary for us to have information about enron ' s counterparties to move to the next step with riskcalc .  we have obtained some information on enron ' s european counterparties from our colleagues in the london office .  we need for you and / or your colleagues in the houston office to supply us with a list of enron ' s north american counterparties .  more specifically , to evaluate moody ' s riskcalc we will need the following financial inputs for enron ' s north american ( private firm ) counterparties :  fiscal year  the prior twelve months of financial data are represented . annual statements are usable as well as quarterly statements after summing the flow variables , such as cost of goods sold , net income , sales , and ebit . the value should be a four - digit integer year without mention of the day or month such as 1999 or 2000 . forecasts until the year 2009 can be made . a constant rate of inflation is applied to future years using last year ' s ( 1999 ) inflation level . in general this ' estimation error ' will not cause any great problems , as size affects default rates at very large scales ( e . g . , $ 10 , 000 , 000 vs . $ 1 , 000 , 000 makes a significant difference , $ 1 , 000 , 000 vs . $ 1 , 050 , 00 does not ) .  cash & equivalents  this measure of liquid assets includes cash and marketable securities .  inventory  inventories are taken directly from the balance sheet , in thousands dollars , without any alterations for accounting method ( e . g . , lifo , fifo , average cost ) . this item represents merchandise bought for resale and materials and supplies purchased for use in production of revenue . specifically this would include purchase cost , sales cost , sales taxes , transportation costs , insurance costs , and storage costs .  current assets  this item primarily represents cash , inventories , accounts receivables , marketable securities , and other current assets .  total assets  total assets and every other variable are entered in thousands of dollars . for example , $ 15 , 500 , 000 should be entered as 15500 . specifically , total assets are the sum of current assets plus net property , plant , and equipment plus other noncurrent assets ( including intangible assets , deferred items , and investments and advances ) . leave previous year ' s total assets blank for australian companies .  current liabilities  liabilities are positive values . included in current liabilities are short - term debt , accounts payable , and other current liabilities .  total liabilities  this balance sheet account , total liabilities , is a positive number representing the sum of current liabilities plus long - term debt plus other noncurrent liabilities ( including deferred taxes , investment tax credit , and minority interest ) .  retained earnings  retained earnings , a historical measure of performance , is the cumulative earnings of the company less total dividend distributions to shareholders . typically , it is the prior year ' s retained earnings plus net income less distributions . retained earnings are generally positive . some firms with low credit quality will have negative retained earnings . leave this field blank for australian companies .  sales  this item consists of the industry segment ' s gross sales ( the amount of actual billings to customers for regular sales completed during the period ) reduced by cash discounts , trade discounts , and returned sales and allowances for which credit is given to customers .  cost of goods sold  entered in thousands of dollars , this value is generally a positive number less than sales . it represents all costs directly allocated by the company to production , such as material , labor , and overhead . not fixed overhead or items that would be included in selling , general , and administrative expenses . leave this field blank for australian companies .  ebit  earning before interest expense is operating income after depreciation . it can be positive or negative but is usually greater then net income .  interest expense  this item represents the periodic expense to the company of securing short - and long - term debt . typically , we expect this charge to be approximately the prevailing interest rate times the total liabilities . one measure of computing this is : interest expense = 0 . 07 * total liabilities .  net income  this item represents the income ( or loss ) reported by a company after expenses and losses have been subtracted from all revenues and gains for the fiscal period including extraordinary items and discontinued operations . a loss is represented by a negative sign . for example , a $ 5 , 000 , 000 loss would be entered as - 5000 . leave previous year ' s net income blank for australian companies .  extraordinary items  positive or negative , this item represents unusual items that sometimes appear on the income statement . the items are designated by the company as extraordinary and presented after net income from continuing operations and discontinued operations . these items include extraordinary gains / losses , income ( loss ) from discontinued operations , and cumulative affect of accounting changes . expenses are entered as negative values , gains as positive values . leave previous year ' s extraordinary items blank for australian companies .  country  this model is calibrated for the united states , canada , and australia .  we look forward to receiving this information for enron ' s private firm north american counterparties so that we can move on to the next step with the evaluation of riskcalc .  thanks ,  iris",0,data moody riskcalc craig kim know obtained day trial subscription moody riskcalc wanted know makes sense enron purchase riskcalc well plowing page manual sitting today hour moody presentation necessary us information enron counterparties move next step riskcalc obtained information enron european counterparties colleagues london office need colleagues houston office supply us list enron north american counterparties specifically evaluate moody riskcalc need following financial inputs enron north american private firm counterparties fiscal year prior twelve months financial data represented annual statements usable well quarterly statements summing flow variables cost goods sold net income sales ebit value four digit integer year without mention day month forecasts year made constant rate inflation applied future years using last year inflation level general estimation error cause great problems size affects default rates large scales e g vs makes significant difference vs cash equivalents measure liquid assets includes cash marketable securities inventory inventories taken directly balance sheet thousands dollars without alterations accounting method e g lifo fifo average cost item represents merchandise bought resale materials supplies purchased use production revenue specifically would include purchase cost sales cost sales taxes transportation costs insurance costs storage costs current assets item primarily represents cash inventories accounts receivables marketable securities current assets total assets total assets every variable entered thousands dollars example entered specifically total assets sum current assets plus net property plant equipment plus noncurrent assets including intangible assets deferred items investments advances leave previous year total assets blank australian companies current liabilities liabilities positive values included current liabilities short term debt accounts payable current liabilities total liabilities balance sheet account total liabilities positive number representing sum current liabilities plus long term debt plus noncurrent liabilities including deferred taxes investment tax credit minority interest retained earnings retained earnings historical measure performance cumulative earnings company less total dividend distributions shareholders typically prior year retained earnings plus net income less distributions retained earnings generally positive firms low credit quality negative retained earnings leave field blank australian companies sales item consists industry segment gross sales amount actual billings customers regular sales completed period reduced cash discounts trade discounts returned sales allowances credit given customers cost goods sold entered thousands dollars value generally positive number less sales represents costs directly allocated company production material labor overhead fixed overhead items would included selling general administrative expenses leave field blank australian companies ebit earning interest expense operating income depreciation positive negative usually greater net income interest expense item represents periodic expense company securing short long term debt typically expect charge approximately prevailing interest rate times total liabilities one measure computing interest expense total liabilities net income item represents income loss reported company expenses losses subtracted revenues gains fiscal period including extraordinary items discontinued operations loss represented negative sign example loss would entered leave previous year net income blank australian companies extraordinary items positive negative item represents unusual items sometimes appear income statement items designated company extraordinary presented net income continuing operations discontinued operations items include extraordinary gains losses income loss discontinued operations cumulative affect accounting changes expenses entered negative values gains positive values leave previous year extraordinary items blank australian companies country model calibrated united states canada australia look forward receiving information enron private firm north american counterparties move next step evaluation riskcalc thanks iris
"Subject: fortnightly on - line  dear mr . kaminski ,  this is to inform you that your "" public utilities fortnightly "" on - line  subscription is now ready for your use . this on - line service is good for 30  days .  user name - 2000208  password - quality  thank you .  janet clark  customer service rep",0,fortnightly line dear mr kaminski inform public utilities fortnightly line subscription ready use line service good days user name password quality thank janet clark customer service rep
"Subject: vince ,  here is a rough schedule as we had discussed . we can work the details once i  get there .  thanks again for all your efforts . look forward to my stint in houston .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,vince rough schedule discussed work details get thanks efforts look forward stint houston regards sandeep
"Subject: re : tuesday interview  hi vince ,  thanks for replying to my email . the scheduled interview with howard will go  ahead tomorrow , i have written to shirley to request a convenient time for  you and we will arrange for howard to come back in for a video conference  with you .  regards rachel  vince j kaminski @ ect  16 / 02 / 2001 23 : 42  to : rachel quirke / eu / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : tuesday interview  rachel ,  i would like very much to interview howard but i am in  philadelphia on tuesday .  vince",0,tuesday interview hi vince thanks replying email scheduled interview howard go ahead tomorrow written shirley request convenient time arrange howard come back video conference regards rachel vince j kaminski ect rachel quirke eu enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject tuesday interview rachel would like much interview howard philadelphia tuesday vince
"Subject: re : ( no subject )  jana ,  sorry , i shall be in florida this thursday .  i am speaking at a conference in key biscayne .  talk to you soon .  vince  jlpnymex @ aol . com on 03 / 28 / 2000 09 : 32 : 16 am  to : doris . a . abernathy @ ucm . com , nalexander @ texasmonthly . emmis . com ,  blackj @ wellsfargo . com , ckcrews @ swbell . net , rclark @ nymex . com ,  kcdunnagan @ aol . com , rdyerlaw @ houston . rr . com , ggulen @ uh . edu ,  lesley . guthrie @ cpa . state . tx . us , elizabethherring @ pzlqs . com ,  eric . hoffman @ esso . com , khcnb @ arkansas . net , michael . jacobs @ hq . doe . gov ,  vkamins @ enron . com , info @ . com , kimmorrell @ excite . com ,  adrian . a . nunez @ usa . conoco . com , elizabeth _ oldroyd @ americancentury . com ,  woodybc @ bp . com  cc :  subject : ( no subject )  dear friends :  it is time for rockin ' at rockefellers which benefits the houston symphony !  this is your chance to dance , your date to associate , and your option to  auction !  join us thursday , april 6 , from 7 - 10 p . m . at the legendary rockefeller hallon  historic washington avenue at heights blvd . dance the night away to the  sounds of sammy relford and friends and enjoy an open bar and light hors  d ' oeuvres , and a silent auction full of unique , celebrity items . tickets are  $ 20 in advance , and $ 25 at the door . invite your friends , and join us there !  jana phillips",0,subject jana sorry shall florida thursday speaking conference key biscayne talk soon vince jlpnymex aol com doris abernathy ucm com nalexander texasmonthly emmis com blackj wellsfargo com ckcrews swbell net rclark nymex com kcdunnagan aol com rdyerlaw houston rr com ggulen uh edu lesley guthrie cpa state tx us elizabethherring pzlqs com eric hoffman esso com khcnb arkansas net michael jacobs hq doe gov vkamins enron com info com kimmorrell excite com adrian nunez usa conoco com elizabeth oldroyd americancentury com woodybc bp com cc subject subject dear friends time rockin rockefellers benefits houston symphony chance dance date associate option auction join us thursday april p legendary rockefeller hallon historic washington avenue heights blvd dance night away sounds sammy relford friends enjoy open bar light hors oeuvres silent auction full unique celebrity items tickets advance door invite friends join us jana phillips
"Subject: entouch newsletter  business highlights  egm fundamentals  lowell bezanis joins us from eig ( energy intelligence group ) . lowell will be  a great resource for the group as he has had substantial experience covering  middle east issues , as well having great contacts with the trade press . the  egm fundamentals site has moved into production . our new address is  http : / / egmfundy . corp . enron . com comments and suggestion should be directed to  heather purcell at 54057 . heather is also managing our enterprise - wide  contract with pira for oil , electricity , natural gas and natural gas liquids .  eim finance  the primary focus for the eim finance group is to assist transaction teams in  the execution of complicated transactions in which enron capital is being  deployed . this may consist of executing the funding of specific transactions  in either the bank or capital markets . currently the team is focusing on the  creation of several off - balance sheet funding vehicles that can be drawn upon  to fund multiple transactions , as well as the financing of the recently  announced daishowa acquisition . in addition , the group is focusing on the  creation of an inventory finance vehicle that can be utilized to fund  multiple steel ( or other commodity ) inventory financings . bill brown leads  the group and notes , "" this is a very exciting time at enron . eim is a great  example of utilizing the enron wholesale business model in commodities other  than gas and power . the ability to finance complicated transactions by using  financial engineering skills developed around enron creates a competitive  advantage to transaction teams and will allow us to develop new products and  fund those products competitively without using large amounts of enron  capital . ""  in the news   & vision is dandy , but sustainable company excellence comes from a huge stable  of able managers . if you don ' t believe me , then go read first , break all the  rules : what the world ' s greatest managers do differently ( simon & schuster ,  1999 ) , by gallup execs marcus buckingham and curt coffman . here ' s a  boiled - down version of what they found : great managers are an organization ' s  glue . they create and hold together the scores of folks who power  high - performing companies .  8  ) tom peters , fast company , a subsidiary of u . s .  news & world report ( 2 / 20 / 01 ) .  revised presentation library link :  you can access the analyst slides at the url below . simply go to this url ,  click on the enter button , and you have access to all the presentations made  at this meeting . http : / / 172 . 28 . 92 . 190 / bowne /  welcome  new hires  egm - leticia mcashan / financial operations  ena - leann walton / research  transfers  ena  ) joseph wagner , marcus edmonds , santiago garcia , stacy dunegan , shane  green , roman zadorozhny , praveen mellacheruvu , seksan kiatsupaibul , charles  ward , victor munoz paulette roberts  egm  ) steven jacobellis , margaret cowan , alisa green  eim  ) deborah chance , eugenio perez  nuggets & notes   & our vision for 2001 is to go from  & the world  , s leading energy company  8 to  ( .   & the world  , s leading company  8 - - jeff skilling at the all - employee meeting .  "" can someone tell me which bank is dying to lend to the steel industry ? "" - -  bill brown , vice president / finance eim   & there  , s no such thing as a comp emergency .  8  ) sheila knudsen , vice  president / human resources ena  news from the global flash  weather deal  enron has traded a weather derivative deal with the rock garden restaurant in  london ' s covent garden . based on a ' cold day ' index , the deal protects the  rock garden from a summer that has too many days below a certain temperature  between march and june . once a number of days has been reached , the rock  garden will receive a payout for each further day below that reference  temperature . the payouts have been weighted to reflect the greater earning  potential in some months compared to others . in a blind auction , enron beat  six other risk takers to price the deal .  legal stuff  the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary  to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only  and should not be disclosed .",0,entouch newsletter business highlights egm fundamentals lowell bezanis joins us eig energy intelligence group lowell great resource group substantial experience covering middle east issues well great contacts trade press egm fundamentals site moved production new address http egmfundy corp enron com comments suggestion directed heather purcell heather also managing enterprise wide contract pira oil electricity natural gas natural gas liquids eim finance primary focus eim finance group assist transaction teams execution complicated transactions enron capital deployed may consist executing funding specific transactions either bank capital markets currently team focusing creation several balance sheet funding vehicles drawn upon fund multiple transactions well financing recently announced daishowa acquisition addition group focusing creation inventory finance vehicle utilized fund multiple steel commodity inventory financings bill brown leads group notes exciting time enron eim great example utilizing enron wholesale business model commodities gas power ability finance complicated transactions using financial engineering skills developed around enron creates competitive advantage transaction teams allow us develop new products fund products competitively without using large amounts enron capital news vision dandy sustainable company excellence comes huge stable able managers believe go read first break rules world greatest managers differently simon schuster gallup execs marcus buckingham curt coffman boiled version found great managers organization glue create hold together scores folks power high performing companies tom peters fast company subsidiary u news world report revised presentation library link access analyst slides url simply go url click enter button access presentations made meeting http bowne welcome new hires egm leticia mcashan financial operations ena leann walton research transfers ena joseph wagner marcus edmonds santiago garcia stacy dunegan shane green roman zadorozhny praveen mellacheruvu seksan kiatsupaibul charles ward victor munoz paulette roberts egm steven jacobellis margaret cowan alisa green eim deborah chance eugenio perez nuggets notes vision go world leading energy company world leading company jeff skilling employee meeting someone tell bank dying lend steel industry bill brown vice president finance eim thing comp emergency sheila knudsen vice president human resources ena news global flash weather deal enron traded weather derivative deal rock garden restaurant london covent garden based cold day index deal protects rock garden summer many days certain temperature march june number days reached rock garden receive payout day reference temperature payouts weighted reflect greater earning potential months compared others blind auction enron beat six risk takers price deal legal stuff information contained newsletter confidential proprietary enron corp subsidiaries intended internal use disclosed
"Subject: re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit  ehud ,  we can meet for dinner on the 21 st . then you can visit with us on the 22 nd  in the morning and have individual meetings . at 11 : 30 you can meet the entire  research group at our weekly lunch meeting . we can continue  individual meetings in the afternoon .  please , make a reservation at hyatt regency downtown or double tree  downtown ( there are several hotels with the same names ) .  vince  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 06 / 09 / 2000 02 : 01 : 09 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit  vince ,  > june 22 works for me . do you want to firm it up ?  if it ' s not too late , i do .  i believe the "" game plan "" was for me to come in the previous evening . if  you confirm the date , please advise at your convenience how you see the  6 / 21 - 6 / 22 schedule .  best ,  ehud  ehud i . ronn  department of finance  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,prospective houston visit ehud meet dinner st visit us nd morning individual meetings meet entire research group weekly lunch meeting continue individual meetings afternoon please make reservation hyatt regency downtown double tree downtown several hotels names vince ehud ronn pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject prospective houston visit vince june works want firm late believe game plan come previous evening confirm date please advise convenience see schedule best ehud ehud ronn department finance mccombs school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: hickerson / egm knowledge management  following our meeting with gary today , scott and i prepared the following  work plan . hopefully , this reflects the conversation and planning in today ' s  meetings .  please send comments and revisions .  cordially ,  robert johnston  manager , political & sovereign risk  enron north america  713 - 853 - 9934",0,hickerson egm knowledge management following meeting gary today scott prepared following work plan hopefully reflects conversation planning today meetings please send comments revisions cordially robert johnston manager political sovereign risk enron north america
"Subject: re : action learning project information  vince ,  thanks for the information .  kathy  at 01 : 03 pm 1 / 8 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  > kathy ,  >  > enron will be represented by myself ( vince kaminski ) and kenneth parkhill .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > kathy spradling on 01 / 05 / 2001 05 : 04 : 21 pm  >  > to : ( recipient list suppressed )  > cc : chamberl @ rice . edu , castro @ rice . edu , spradlin @ rice . edu  > subject : action learning project information  >  >  > dear company representative ,  >  > we are pleased to announce that your company ' s proposal has been selected  > as a potential project in the jones graduate school of management ' s action  > learning project ( alp ) program . as indicated in the alp brochure , company  > representatives are invited to attend the alp program introduction and  > student networking session on wednesday , january 10 . please rsvp to kathy  > spradling , mba program coordinator , at 713 - 348 - 3313 or e - mail her at  > spradlin @ rice . edu by monday , january 8 to let her know if you plan to  > attend the session . please provide your company name and the names of  > representatives attending the session so nametags can be prepared . dress  > is business casual . below is the schedule of events :  >  > 8 : 30 9 : 00 a . m .  > ? continental breakfast and setup of your company table  > ? farnsworth pavilion ( located in rice student center )  >  > 9 : 00 9 : 45 a . m .  > ? introduction and program overview with company representatives , alp  > administration and faculty liaisons  > ? farnsworth pavilion ( located in rice student center )  >  > 10 : 00 12 : 00 p . m .  > ? student networking session with company representatives and  > first - year students  > ? grand hall ( located in rice student center )  >  > the alp program introduction and student networking session will be held in  > the rice student center ( numbers 10 and 11 on the campus map sent with your  > acceptance letter ) . please contact kathy spradling if you need an  > additional map faxed to you . there is a large amount of construction taking  > place on campus . once the visitor ' s lot near the rice memorial center is  > full , we recommend you park in the stadium lot in the designated visitor  > area and take the shuttle bus to the rice memorial center . make sure to  > let the bus driver know your destination .  >  >  > the mba program office has reserved the grand hall for the student  > networking session . each company represented will have a table set up with  > signage for your company . you may bring additional materials you feel  > might be of interest to students such as company brochures , articles and  > packets . due to the limited space , we are discouraging the use of display  > boards in the networking session . unfortunately , no internet connections  > will be available for use during the session .  >  > again , thank you for your interest in rice . we look forward to working  > with you , and hope to see you on wednesday , january 10 .  >  > carrie miller  > pam castro  > kathy spradling  >  >  >  > kathy m . spradling  > mba program coordinator  > jesse h . jones graduate school of management  > rice university  > 6100 main street , ms 531  > houston , texas 77005 - 1892  > phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  > fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  > email : spradlin @ rice . edu  > http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  > e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  > http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0,action learning project information vince thanks information kathy pm wrote kathy enron represented vince kaminski kenneth parkhill vince kathy spradling pm recipient list suppressed cc chamberl rice edu castro rice edu spradlin rice edu subject action learning project information dear company representative pleased announce company proposal selected potential project jones graduate school management action learning project alp program indicated alp brochure company representatives invited attend alp program introduction student networking session wednesday january please rsvp kathy spradling mba program coordinator e mail spradlin rice edu monday january let know plan attend session please provide company name names representatives attending session nametags prepared dress business casual schedule events continental breakfast setup company table farnsworth pavilion located rice student center introduction program overview company representatives alp administration faculty liaisons farnsworth pavilion located rice student center p student networking session company representatives first year students grand hall located rice student center alp program introduction student networking session held rice student center numbers campus map sent acceptance letter please contact kathy spradling need additional map faxed large amount construction taking place campus visitor lot near rice memorial center full recommend park stadium lot designated visitor area take shuttle bus rice memorial center make sure let bus driver know destination mba program office reserved grand hall student networking session company represented table set signage company may bring additional materials feel might interest students company brochures articles packets due limited space discouraging use display boards networking session unfortunately internet connections available use session thank interest rice look forward working hope see wednesday january carrie miller pam castro kathy spradling kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  all iisted software is availabie for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few exampies :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native languaqe !  best reqards ,  ashlee ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions qerman french spanish uk many others iisted software availabie immediate download need wait week cd delivery exampies norton lnternet security pro windows xp professional sp fuii version corel draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciudinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native languaqe best reqards ashlee
"Subject: re : check  julie ,  yes , this is how we split this expense internally .  please , send it to me .  vince  "" julie "" on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 57 : 55 am  to :  cc :  subject : re : check  vince ,  ?  oh . ? i sent an invoice to habiba for aus 5 k a while back , and she informed  me that she passed it along to the people who are handling the agreement now  ( i take that as fiona grant in london ? ) . ? i will then send out another  invoice of aus 5 k in the next week or so for the remaining balance . ? should  i have sent the invoice to you ?  ?  thanks ,  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 9 : 12 pm  subject : re : check  julie ,  a clarification . we had an agreement with chris and les to contribute ? aus  10 , 000  as a part of the cost .  vince  "" julie "" on 10 / 30 / 2000 12 : 32 : 14 pm  to : ? ?  cc :  subject : ? re : check  vince ,  thank you for your email .  we will send you a copy of the book as soon as it is available , which we  are now estimating to be around 21 november ( no need to send us a cheque ;  you deserve it ) .  just let us know if we should use a different address than your office ? in  houston .  thanks again for all of your help .  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 2 : 16 ? pm  subject : check  julie ,  this message was returned to me a few times when ? i sent it from my home  address .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ? forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  08 : 00 am ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 28 / 2000 12 : 12 : 57 ? pm  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com , vkamins @ enron . com  subject : ? check  julie ,  as the book is about to be released to the ? market , i would like to start  the  process to issue the check to lacima . ? who will be the payee ( lacima ) and  what  is the ? address ?  vince",0,check julie yes split expense internally please send vince julie cc subject check vince oh sent invoice habiba aus k back informed passed along people handling agreement take fiona grant london send another invoice aus k next week remaining balance sent invoice thanks julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent monday october pm subject check julie clarification agreement chris les contribute aus part cost vince julie pm cc subject check vince thank email send copy book soon available estimating around november need send us cheque deserve let us know use different address office houston thanks help julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent monday october pm subject check julie message returned times sent home address vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vkaminski aol com pm julie lacima co uk cc vkaminski aol com vkamins enron com subject check julie book released market would like start process issue check lacima payee lacima address vince
"Subject: christmas - near  good morning all . we apologize that we are not going to be able to have  our holiday party before the first of the year . we wanted to use the scout  house in west university like we did last year and it was not available .  vince suggested that with the move and a lot of people taking vacation that  we wait until after the first of the year . this way you can take advantage  of  "" after christmas sales "" for your gift !  just remember whose name you have and we will schedule an "" offsite ""  after the first of the year .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 13 / 99  09 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 13 / 99 08 : 58 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant  masson / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , maureen  raymond / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , zimin  lu / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , samer takriti / hou / azurix @ azurix ,  amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , osman  sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , vincent tang / hou / ect @ ect ,  ravi thuraisingham / hou / ect @ ect , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , martin  lin / hou / ect @ ect , ross prevatt / hou / ect @ ect , michael sergeev / hou / ect @ ect ,  patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , roman zadorozhny / hou / ect @ ect , martina  angelova / hou / ect @ ect , jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : christmas - near  hello everyone ,  the pulling of names are completed .  shirley will inform you as to when we will make exchanges .  thanks  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 13 / 99 08 : 50  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 10 / 99 08 : 28 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant  masson / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , maureen  raymond / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , zimin  lu / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , samer takriti / hou / azurix @ azurix ,  amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , osman  sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , vincent tang / hou / ect @ ect ,  ravi thuraisingham / hou / ect @ ect , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , martin  lin / hou / ect @ ect , ross prevatt / hou / ect @ ect , michael sergeev / hou / ect @ ect ,  patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , roman zadorozhny / hou / ect @ ect , martina  angelova / hou / ect @ ect , jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : christmas - near  goodmorning ,  things went well on yesterday with names being pulled .  here is a list of people who have to pull a name .  stinson gibner  samer takriti  ravi thuraisingham  martin lin  alexios kollaros  shirley crenshaw  let ' s celebrate at work with each other making the last christmas in 1999 -  great !  reminder : if you feel you will be unable to attend the exchanging of the  gifts , please do not let that  stop you from participating .  each persons name has been entered ; can you guess who has your name ?  we have a gift for you . so if you can not attend for any reason please know  that  you are included and your gift will be here when you return .  wishing all a merry christmas ,  and a good kick - off to happy holidays .  thanks  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 10 / 99 06 : 40  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 08 / 99 07 : 47 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant  masson / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , maureen  raymond / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , zimin  lu / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , samer takriti / hou / azurix @ azurix ,  amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , osman  sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , vincent tang / hou / ect @ ect ,  ravi thuraisingham / hou / ect @ ect , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , martin  lin / hou / ect @ ect , ross prevatt / hou / ect @ ect , michael sergeev / hou / ect @ ect ,  patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , roman zadorozhny / hou / ect @ ect , martina  angelova / hou / ect @ ect , jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : christmas drawing - near  ho ! ho ! ho ! merry christmas ,  on thursday we will pull names .  once again , this is so we may share  in the christmas spirit and show our appreciation  for one another .  we will then join and exchange gifts on a later date . . . . .  stay tuned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  if for some chance you will not be present on thursday ,  feel free to stop by my desk and pull your name today .  eb 3130 a x 34710  join in the fun  and remember ,  keep it  simple  thanks  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 08 / 99 06 : 55  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 07 / 99 09 : 40 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant  masson / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , maureen  raymond / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , zimin  lu / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , samer takriti / hou / azurix @ azurix ,  amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , osman  sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , vincent tang / hou / ect @ ect ,  ravi thuraisingham / hou / ect @ ect , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , martin  lin / hou / ect @ ect , ross prevatt / hou / ect @ ect , michael sergeev / hou / ect @ ect ,  patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , roman zadorozhny / hou / ect @ ect , martina  angelova / hou / ect @ ect , jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : christmas drawing - near  hello everyone ,  we would like for christmas this year that the research group pull names ,  as a way of sharing in the spirit of christmas , and as appreciation for one  another .  we want to keep it simple so the gift should be less than twenty - dollars .  please everyone participate , your name is already entered .  i will return with more info . later . . . . . . . . . . .  thanks  kevin moore  let ' s have a wonderful christmas at work .",0,christmas near good morning apologize going able holiday party first year wanted use scout house west university like last year available vince suggested move lot people taking vacation wait first year way take advantage christmas sales gift remember whose name schedule offsite first year thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect samer takriti hou azurix azurix amitava dhar corp enron enron joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron osman sezgen hou ees ees tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect vincent tang hou ect ect ravi thuraisingham hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect martin lin hou ect ect ross prevatt hou ect ect michael sergeev hou ect ect patricia tlapek hou ect ect roman zadorozhny hou ect ect martina angelova hou ect ect jason sokolov hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject christmas near hello everyone pulling names completed shirley inform make exchanges thanks kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect samer takriti hou azurix azurix amitava dhar corp enron enron joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron osman sezgen hou ees ees tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect vincent tang hou ect ect ravi thuraisingham hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect martin lin hou ect ect ross prevatt hou ect ect michael sergeev hou ect ect patricia tlapek hou ect ect roman zadorozhny hou ect ect martina angelova hou ect ect jason sokolov hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject christmas near goodmorning things went well yesterday names pulled list people pull name stinson gibner samer takriti ravi thuraisingham martin lin alexios kollaros shirley crenshaw let celebrate work making last christmas great reminder feel unable attend exchanging gifts please let stop participating persons name entered guess name gift attend reason please know included gift return wishing merry christmas good kick happy holidays thanks kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect samer takriti hou azurix azurix amitava dhar corp enron enron joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron osman sezgen hou ees ees tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect vincent tang hou ect ect ravi thuraisingham hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect martin lin hou ect ect ross prevatt hou ect ect michael sergeev hou ect ect patricia tlapek hou ect ect roman zadorozhny hou ect ect martina angelova hou ect ect jason sokolov hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject christmas drawing near ho ho ho merry christmas thursday pull names may share christmas spirit show appreciation one another join exchange gifts later date stay tuned chance present thursday feel free stop desk pull name today eb x join fun remember keep simple thanks kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect samer takriti hou azurix azurix amitava dhar corp enron enron joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron osman sezgen hou ees ees tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect vincent tang hou ect ect ravi thuraisingham hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect martin lin hou ect ect ross prevatt hou ect ect michael sergeev hou ect ect patricia tlapek hou ect ect roman zadorozhny hou ect ect martina angelova hou ect ect jason sokolov hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject christmas drawing near hello everyone would like christmas year research group pull names way sharing spirit christmas appreciation one another want keep simple gift less twenty dollars please everyone participate name already entered return info later thanks kevin moore let wonderful christmas work
"Subject: uk rpi model  hi zimin !  please find attached for your review the uk rpi model , derived by  bootstrapping rpi swaps .  it ' s a very simple model and here are its specifics :  swap structure  payment : semi / semi act / 365 f  >  > yoyukrpi = ( ukrpi ( p - 2 ) / ukrpi ( p - 14 ) - 1 ) / 2  > p = payment month  >  the first payment is the latest known historical rpi , february 2000 , 2 . 32 % .  assumptions  * constant cashflows between the quoted years ( as opposed to interpolating  swaps which distorts the curve a lot ) . this explains the atrocious look of  the "" raw "" curve . it is then smoothed with a macro , which anjam wrote .  * mid point of the swaps is used for deriving the curve ;  * discount rate is libor and i solve for the coupon rate , which is the rpi  yoy rate ;  * the above is solved separately for each quoted period ( e . g . 2 yrs , 5 yrs )  and rpi rates are determined for the incremental portion .  by forecasting rpi in the above method we are able to lock in and deliver the  forecasted levels .  looking forward to your comments and seeing you in london !  best regards ,  martina  x 34327",0,uk rpi model hi zimin please find attached review uk rpi model derived bootstrapping rpi swaps simple model specifics swap structure payment semi semi act f yoyukrpi ukrpi p ukrpi p p payment month first payment latest known historical rpi february assumptions constant cashflows quoted years opposed interpolating swaps distorts curve lot explains atrocious look raw curve smoothed macro anjam wrote mid point swaps used deriving curve discount rate libor solve coupon rate rpi yoy rate solved separately quoted period e g yrs yrs rpi rates determined incremental portion forecasting rpi method able lock deliver forecasted levels looking forward comments seeing london best regards martina x
Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the request you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 ujn 5 l  order for : mitra mujica  1 x ( option : 128 mb upgrade for deskpro en 6600 $ 63 )  1 x ( standard desktop $ 905 ) enron it purchasing  * please send all status inquiries regarding this request to :  mailto : receiving & hardware @ enron . com,0,confirmation order automatic confirmation request placed using central request number ecth ujn l order mitra mujica x option mb upgrade deskpro en x standard desktop enron purchasing please send status inquiries regarding request mailto receiving hardware enron com
"Subject: briefing robert johnston on metals  vince ,  sorry , i was not able to take your call this morning , to avoid distractions i  was editing a technical coner article on ppp out of my office . last friday ,  i called robert johnston immediately after you told me to contact him to  brief him on nonferrous metals . i let him know that i was scheduled to speak  about metals in our research meeting on october 12 th . i also talked with him  a few weeks ago that i would like to meet with him and scott tholan to brief  them on metals . robert did not arrange the meeting . i arranged a meeting  for 10 : 30 tomorrow to take them both through the metals fundametals speech .  the london metals confererence sounds great , since i have five years  experience in metals fundamental analysis and pricing , i would also like to  attend . many of my new research group customers are asking for my expertise  in this new business for enron . i could certainly help our customers better  by getting the latest information on metals . please let me know if this is  ok with you .  regards ,  maureen",0,briefing robert johnston metals vince sorry able take call morning avoid distractions editing technical coner article ppp office last friday called robert johnston immediately told contact brief nonferrous metals let know scheduled speak metals research meeting october th also talked weeks ago would like meet scott tholan brief metals robert arrange meeting arranged meeting tomorrow take metals fundametals speech london metals confererence sounds great since five years experience metals fundamental analysis pricing would also like attend many new research group customers asking expertise new business enron could certainly help customers better getting latest information metals please let know ok regards maureen
"Subject: precious metals var  jason ,  after our brief discussion last night i think i should discuss a few of the  issues i have with respect to calculating a var on the deal that you are  proposing . the var model , as i illustrated , is set up to accept a term  structure of delta positions , prices and vols and it may be difficult to  translate the ' silver mine ' position into these inputs .  i do not think that we can simply take the net silver content of the mine and  then make some assumptions about vol and price . the var model  also assumes a certain amount of liquidity in the market and a 1 day holding  period .  to do this properly i would need to understand fully how the deal is priced  as these sensitivities are ultimately what will effect the change in mtm  in the future and that is essentially what var is supposed to predict .  if you need me to work on this then you need to contact steve who will help  to prioritise my time . i will also need to consult with vince kaminski and  tanya tamarachenko in houston for advice .  rac will also assist in the process .  please contact me if you have any further questions ,  kirstee  x 34529",0,precious metals var jason brief discussion last night think discuss issues respect calculating var deal proposing var model illustrated set accept term structure delta positions prices vols may difficult translate silver mine position inputs think simply take net silver content mine make assumptions vol price var model also assumes certain amount liquidity market day holding period properly would need understand fully deal priced sensitivities ultimately effect change mtm future essentially var supposed predict need work need contact steve help prioritise time also need consult vince kaminski tanya tamarachenko houston advice rac also assist process please contact questions kirstee x
"Subject: re : argentina power & gas market modelling  okay  julian poole  03 / 17 / 2000 10 : 35 am  to : michael guerriero / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff  kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo  freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego  hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo  andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar  benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago  subject : re : argentina power & gas market modelling  all ,  let ' s arrange a conference call next week to discuss the process .  how does tuesday afternoon fit everyone ' s schedule ?  julian  enron international  from : michael guerriero 03 / 17 / 2000 03 : 49 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff  kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , julian  poole / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo  freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego  hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo  andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar  benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago  cc :  subject : argentina power & gas market modelling  i would like to initiate a team to address the continued improvement of the  argentine power & gas market models . i spoke with vince this morning and we  reviewed that history of work to date and what we will need to do from here .  a summary is as follows :  team :  ba members : julian poole lead  mario benitez associate  ba associates : diego hollweck associate  bernardo andrews associate  santiago porta associate  houston members : to be named .  time schedule : as soon as possible . completed before june 1 , 2000 winter in  argentina .  scope of work :  power model : advance the current model from basic load forecasting to  incorporate weather , hydrology , improved short term and long term forecasting .  natural gas model : build a supply and demand load forecasting model  incorporating weather , thermal demand , pipeline flow rates , well head  supply , improved short term and long term forecasting .  phase i - data request  power  historic weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average  humidity  precipitation  cloud cover  regionally  forward weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average  humidity  precipitation  cloud cover  regionally  historic hydrology : reservoir levels  reservoir capacity  current hydrology : reservoir levels  remote monitoring : aireal , pressure device , laser  snow pack : density volume and mass  power supply : current and future capacity  transmission  capacity : current and future capacity  natural gas data list to be developed  phase ii - power model development  phase iii - natural gas model development  we will take advantage of the fact that the associates are in houston for the  next two weeks . vince is out next week but we can start with a process  discussion with grant masson next week . julian please get a meeting scheduled  as soon as possible . we should immediately start collecting data .  thanks  mfg",0,argentina power gas market modelling okay julian poole michael guerriero enron development enron development cc vince j kaminski ect grant masson ect jeff kabel enron development enron development rodolfo freyre enron development enron development diego hollweck enron development enron development bernardo andrews enron development enron development mario aguilar benitez enron development enron development santiago subject argentina power gas market modelling let arrange conference call next week discuss process tuesday afternoon fit everyone schedule julian enron international michael guerriero pm vince j kaminski ect grant masson ect jeff kabel enron development enron development julian poole enron development enron development rodolfo freyre enron development enron development diego hollweck enron development enron development bernardo andrews enron development enron development mario aguilar benitez enron development enron development santiago cc subject argentina power gas market modelling would like initiate team address continued improvement argentine power gas market models spoke vince morning reviewed history work date need summary follows team ba members julian poole lead mario benitez associate ba associates diego hollweck associate bernardo andrews associate santiago porta associate houston members named time schedule soon possible completed june winter argentina scope work power model advance current model basic load forecasting incorporate weather hydrology improved short term long term forecasting natural gas model build supply demand load forecasting model incorporating weather thermal demand pipeline flow rates well head supply improved short term long term forecasting phase data request power historic weather temperature daily hourly min max average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally forward weather temperature daily hourly min max average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally historic hydrology reservoir levels reservoir capacity current hydrology reservoir levels remote monitoring aireal pressure device laser snow pack density volume mass power supply current future capacity transmission capacity current future capacity natural gas data list developed phase ii power model development phase iii natural gas model development take advantage fact associates houston next two weeks vince next week start process discussion grant masson next week julian please get meeting scheduled soon possible immediately start collecting data thanks mfg
"Subject: organisational announcement - introducing enron global markets  as evidenced by an exceptionally strong performance in the second quarter ,  enron  , s wholesale energy businesses in north america and europe continue to  experience tremendous growth . the opportunities to continue to grow our  natural gas and power businesses have never been better and it is critical to  enron  , s future success that we remain focused on expanding these businesses  and maintaining the strong momentum we have in these markets .  it is equally important that we continue to develop new businesses outside of  gas and electricity , which can make significant contributions to our earnings  growth . we have made significant progress in developing these businesses in  north america , europe , and most recently in our new net works business unit .  included in these global businesses are our efforts in crude and products ,  coal , emissions , insurance , currency , equity trading , interest rates , credit  trading , paper and pulp , and metals .  while significant progress has been made in these efforts we need to  accelerate the growth of these new businesses while continuing to  aggressively expand our core gas and electricity businesses in north america  and europe . in order to accomplish these two objectives and to capitalize on  the increasingly global opportunities in these new businesses we are today  announcing the formation of a new business unit  ) enron global markets . this  new business unit will focus on markets and commodities which are global in  scope , but outside our traditional gas and power markets . this new core  business unit will operate in parallel with and in close coordination with  the north american and european businesses .  enron global markets will be headed by mike mcconnell , president and chief  executive officer , and jeff shankman , chief operating officer . they will  report to mark frevert who will be chairman of enron global markets . mark ,  mike and jeff will comprise the office of the chairman for enron global  markets .  included in this new business unit and reporting to the office of the  chairman will be the following businesses and their leaders :  - global crude and products : john nowlan  - coal : george mcclellan  - currency , equities , interest rate and agricultural trading : gary hickerson  - insurance and weather : jere overdyke  enron  , s metals business and enron credit . com will remain the responsibility  of enron europe . the paper and pulp business will continue to reside in north  america .  with the departure of mike mcconnell from enron net works , we are pleased to  announce the following appointments in that business unit :  - jeff mcmahon : president and chief operating officer  - louise kitchen : chief commercial officer  - philippe bibi : chief technology officer  jeff , louise and philippe , along with greg whalley , will comprise the office  of the chairman for enron net works .  with jeff shankman  , s departure from enron north america  , s natural gas  operation , all of jeff  , s direct reports will report to john lavorato .  we are also pleased to announce the following changes to the enron north  america office of the chairman . john lavorato will join the ena office of  the chairman as chief operating officer . dave delainey will assume the role  of president and chief executive officer . mark frevert will retain his role  as chairman of enron north america in addition to his role as chairman of  both enron global markets and enron europe .  please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments and in  supporting the new enron global markets organisation .",0,organisational announcement introducing enron global markets evidenced exceptionally strong performance second quarter enron wholesale energy businesses north america europe continue experience tremendous growth opportunities continue grow natural gas power businesses never better critical enron future success remain focused expanding businesses maintaining strong momentum markets equally important continue develop new businesses outside gas electricity make significant contributions earnings growth made significant progress developing businesses north america europe recently new net works business unit included global businesses efforts crude products coal emissions insurance currency equity trading interest rates credit trading paper pulp metals significant progress made efforts need accelerate growth new businesses continuing aggressively expand core gas electricity businesses north america europe order accomplish two objectives capitalize increasingly global opportunities new businesses today announcing formation new business unit enron global markets new business unit focus markets commodities global scope outside traditional gas power markets new core business unit operate parallel close coordination north american european businesses enron global markets headed mike mcconnell president chief executive officer jeff shankman chief operating officer report mark frevert chairman enron global markets mark mike jeff comprise office chairman enron global markets included new business unit reporting office chairman following businesses leaders global crude products john nowlan coal george mcclellan currency equities interest rate agricultural trading gary hickerson insurance weather jere overdyke enron metals business enron credit com remain responsibility enron europe paper pulp business continue reside north america departure mike mcconnell enron net works pleased announce following appointments business unit jeff mcmahon president chief operating officer louise kitchen chief commercial officer philippe bibi chief technology officer jeff louise philippe along greg whalley comprise office chairman enron net works jeff shankman departure enron north america natural gas operation jeff direct reports report john lavorato also pleased announce following changes enron north america office chairman john lavorato join ena office chairman chief operating officer dave delainey assume role president chief executive officer mark frevert retain role chairman enron north america addition role chairman enron global markets enron europe please join us congratulating everyone new assignments supporting new enron global markets organisation
"Subject: reporting lines  vince  i ' ve just had a chat with richard , who feels strongly that the natural  synergies between , and independence of , research and structuring will be best  served if i report to tani .  i expressed my concerns that i want to keep a strong link with :  1 . accountability to the trader sense of urgency , and  2 . traders ' willingness to spend money where necessary .  richard suggested that we have a strong "" dotted line "" of reporting in to him ,  and that he will be available to support these areas . we ' ll meet regularly  to keep richard in the loop .  i filled richard in on the fact that i wish to change the nature , not just  the size , of the research group , which will involve significant changes in  headcount and investment in hardware / software .  i ' ve no doubt that my main concerns of accountability and budget support will  be met whether i report to richard formally or informally .  tani has indicated that she ' d be prepared to have research report to her if  required .  all the best ,  steve",0,reporting lines vince chat richard feels strongly natural synergies independence research structuring best served report tani expressed concerns want keep strong link accountability trader sense urgency traders willingness spend money necessary richard suggested strong dotted line reporting available support areas meet regularly keep richard loop filled richard fact wish change nature size research group involve significant changes headcount investment hardware software doubt main concerns accountability budget support met whether report richard formally informally tani indicated prepared research report required best steve
"Subject: re : conference may 31 on energy derivatives in toronto  phelim ,  i shall be glad to join you for dinner on sunday .  i shall be also available for the panel discussion .  i would like to thank you one more time for the invitation  to speak at the conference .  vince  phelim boyle on 05 / 12 / 2000 03 : 47 : 59 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , amy aldous ,  pconcessi @ deloitte . com , ross raymond - cmmrcl ops  cc :  subject : conference may 31 on energy derivatives in toronto  vince  thanks again for agreeing to speak at our conference .  it is attracting considerable interest . .  is it possible for you to send us copies of your slides by may 18 to meet our  deadline for  preparing the material . ? if you have ? a related paper available that covers  some of the same material that would do instead but  naturally we would prefer the slides .  i would like to mention again the ? ? the pre - conference dinner at  7 pm on sunday may 30 for the speakers  we hope very much you can be present  i was also hoping you would be available for the last ? session of the day to  be panel member  the provisional title ? is  managing risk in illiquid markets  the chair is pat concessi of deloitte and touche  the panel last from 3 . 30 until 4 . 30 and we would like panel members should  speaker for  a few minutes and take questions from the floor .  in the meantime if you have any questions please let amy or myself know  sincerely  phelim p boyle  ?  - -  phelim p boyle  director  centre for advanced studies in finance ,  university of waterloo ,  waterloo , ontario  canada n 2 l 3 gl  tel ? 519 885 1211 ( 6513 )  fax 519 888 7562  ?",0,conference may energy derivatives toronto phelim shall glad join dinner sunday shall also available panel discussion would like thank one time invitation speak conference vince phelim boyle pm vince j kaminski enron com amy aldous pconcessi deloitte com ross raymond cmmrcl ops cc subject conference may energy derivatives toronto vince thanks agreeing speak conference attracting considerable interest possible send us copies slides may meet deadline preparing material related paper available covers material would instead naturally would prefer slides would like mention pre conference dinner pm sunday may speakers hope much present also hoping would available last session day panel member provisional title managing risk illiquid markets chair pat concessi deloitte touche panel last would like panel members speaker minutes take questions floor meantime questions please let amy know sincerely phelim p boyle phelim p boyle director centre advanced studies finance university waterloo waterloo ontario canada n l gl tel fax
"Subject: re : var model - some questions  i know nothing about this . since neither research nor energydesk know about  it , all we can do is collect their requirements and provide what they ' re  looking for as a new project . this will require vince ' s input since we ' ll  essentially be sending research models to the outside world .  steve  sharad agnihotri  27 / 02 / 2001 14 : 48  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : var model - some questions  steve ,  do you know anything about this ?  sharad  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sharad agnihotri / lon / ect on 27 / 02 / 2001  14 : 48 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  andreas lorenz  27 / 02 / 2001 14 : 01  to : sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : var model - some questions  hi sharad ,  could you please have a look at below var model - the dll file should have  been provided by research ( if some time back . . . )  can you provide any information re  what and how it does it ?  underlying assumptions ?  shortfalls ?  many thanks for your help !  cheers ,",0,var model questions know nothing since neither research energydesk know collect requirements provide looking new project require vince input since essentially sending research models outside world steve sharad agnihotri steven leppard lon ect ect cc subject var model questions steve know anything sharad forwarded sharad agnihotri lon ect andreas lorenz sharad agnihotri lon ect ect cc subject var model questions hi sharad could please look var model dll file provided research time back provide information underlying assumptions shortfalls many thanks help cheers
Subject: this  hurricane elana ,0,hurricane elana
"Subject: re : times 2 filing units  pat : out co # is 0413 , rc # is 107043 . please deliver them to eb 19 c 2 .  also , please let me know when they are going to be delivered as we have to  unload the lateral file cabinets that are currently in that room . will the  men who deliver the times 2 units remove the lateral files ? thanks . anita",0,times filing units pat co rc please deliver eb c also please let know going delivered unload lateral file cabinets currently room men deliver times units remove lateral files thanks anita
"Subject: re : research group  kevin ,  i think it ' s very important .  it is important that our work area looks neat .  vince  kevin g moore  02 / 28 / 2000 11 : 01 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : research group  hello vince ,  vince , before i get with delores on the matter of the  department i wanted to ask you how important it  that we get the walls repaired ?  is the research department satisfactory or is  there anything else that i can do ?  thanks  kevin moore",0,research group kevin think important important work area looks neat vince kevin g moore shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject research group hello vince vince get delores matter department wanted ask important get walls repaired research department satisfactory anything else thanks kevin moore
"Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  marshall :  thanks for responding so quickly . i have scheduled the following interview :  wednesday , december 6 - 1 : 00 pm houston time . it will last approximately  1 hour . we will call you at ( 605 ) 497 - 4045 unless otherwise instructed .  if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 713 / 853 - 5290 .  best regards ,  shirley crenshaw  "" jingming ' marshall ' yan "" on 11 / 28 / 2000 12 : 59 : 55 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  ms . crenshaw ,  thank you very much for the message . i am very interested in the  opportunity to talk to personnel from the research group at enron . between  the two days you suggest , i prefer wednesday 12 / 6 . considering the  two - hour time difference between california and texas , 11 : 00 am pacific  time ( 1 : 00 pm your time ) seems to be a good slot . however , i am open most  of the day on 12 / 6 so if some other time slot is prefered on your end ,  please let me know .  thanks again . i look forward to talking to you and your  colleagues .  jingming  on tue , 28 nov 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote :  > good afternoon jingming :  >  > professor wolak forwarded your resume to the research group , and  > they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you , sometime next  > week , at your convenience . the best days would be tuesday , 12 / 5 or  > wednesday , 12 / 6 .  >  > please let me know which day and what time would be best for you and  > they will call you . let me know the telephone number that you wish to be  > contacted at .  >  > the interviewers would be :  >  > vince kaminski managing director and head of research  > vasant shanbhogue vice president , research  > lance cunningham manager , research  > alex huang manager , research  >  > look forward to hearing from you .  >  > best regards ,  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron research group .  > 713 - 853 - 5290  >  >  >  jingming "" marshall "" yan jmyan @ leland . stanford . edu  department of economics ( 650 ) 497 - 4045 ( h )  stanford university ( 650 ) 725 - 8914 ( o )  stanford , ca 94305 358 c , economics bldg  if one seeks to act virtuously and attain it , then what is  there to repine about ? - - confucius  _ ? oo ? ? ooo ? ? t  xo - ? ? - -  ? ?",0,telephone interview enron corp research group marshall thanks responding quickly scheduled following interview wednesday december pm houston time last approximately hour call unless otherwise instructed questions please feel free contact best regards shirley crenshaw jingming marshall yan pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject telephone interview enron corp research group ms crenshaw thank much message interested opportunity talk personnel research group enron two days suggest prefer wednesday considering two hour time difference california texas pacific time pm time seems good slot however open day time slot prefered end please let know thanks look forward talking colleagues jingming tue nov shirley crenshaw enron com wrote good afternoon jingming professor wolak forwarded resume research group would like conduct telephone interview sometime next week convenience best days would tuesday wednesday please let know day time would best call let know telephone number wish contacted interviewers would vince kaminski managing director head research vasant shanbhogue vice president research lance cunningham manager research alex huang manager research look forward hearing best regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group jingming marshall yan jmyan leland stanford edu department economics h stanford university stanford ca c economics bldg one seeks act virtuously attain repine confucius oo ooo xo
"Subject: news review update  the news review site , http : / / www . news - review . co . uk  home of weekend city press review , now offers registered users two new  features :  all registered users can now :  - do a text search in addition to a company search on the full six - year  archive  - and set up favourite companies on their home page for easier and faster  access  to articles within the review and the archive which relate to those  companies  the best way to keep abreast of the weekend ' s financial news and views is to  receive an email copy of weekend city press review , either via the full  review ,  or the clippings relating to specific companies in which you are interested .  registered users are invited to take up the free offer of a 4 week  subscription  to any of the services , including pdf delivery of the review , and the  clippings service .  to login please use this url :  ype = login  you can download this weekend ' s full review free of charge at  http : / / www . news - review . co . uk / freepdf . pdf from 8 pm uk time this sunday  your username for this service is vkaminski  if you have forgotton your password you can retrieve it at  to remove yourself from this service please login and use the ' my profile '  option .  our ref wcprvl : vkaminski",0,news review update news review site http www news review co uk home weekend city press review offers registered users two new features registered users text search addition company search full six year archive set favourite companies home page easier faster access articles within review archive relate companies best way keep abreast weekend financial news views receive email copy weekend city press review either via full review clippings relating specific companies interested registered users invited take free offer week subscription services including pdf delivery review clippings service login please use url ype login download weekend full review free charge http www news review co uk freepdf pdf pm uk time sunday username service vkaminski forgotton password retrieve remove service please login use profile option ref wcprvl vkaminski
"Subject: re : prof . carmona  vince ,  my apologies for the late response - and thank you for your input .  yannis  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : tuesday , march 06 , 2001 3 : 15 pm  to : yannis tzamouranis / hou / ect @ enron  cc : kaminski , vince ; mark tawney / hou / ect @ enron ; shanbhogue , vasant  subject : prof . carmona  yannis ,  i have looked at the outline of the proposed course and  find that practically all the topics of the program are the  staple of what we do every day . i don ' t think research should spend  money for this class .  if we want to establish a relationship , we can easily do it  by asking him to work on a research project .  vince",0,prof carmona vince apologies late response thank input yannis original message kaminski vince sent tuesday march pm yannis tzamouranis hou ect enron cc kaminski vince mark tawney hou ect enron shanbhogue vasant subject prof carmona yannis looked outline proposed course find practically topics program staple every day think research spend money class want establish relationship easily asking work research project vince
"Subject: re : grades  thank you mr . kaminsky !  i received your first group of grades and will keep track as you work your  way through the class to make sure that we don ' t miss anyone . - pam  at 04 : 55 pm 5 / 1 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > pam ,  >  > the term papers arrived at my internet mailbox .  > i shall be sending you the information as i make progress reading the  > papers .  >  > first group of students :  >  > helen demianenko  > javier lamas  > lynn nazareth  > shauywn smith  > carlos wheelock  > sarah woody  >  > grade : a  >  >  > please , confirm receipt of this message and please double check  > that all registered students have been graded ( to make sure no student  > falls through  > the cracks ) .  >  >  > vince",0,grades thank mr kaminsky received first group grades keep track work way class make sure miss anyone pam pm wrote pam term papers arrived internet mailbox shall sending information make progress reading papers first group students helen demianenko javier lamas lynn nazareth shauywn smith carlos wheelock sarah woody grade please confirm receipt message please double check registered students graded make sure student falls cracks vince
"Subject: national charity suffering since 9 / 11  dear friend ,  "" serving the tribes while sharing the culture "" . . . has been the mission for the american indian heritage foundation for the past 29 years .  for many years , aihf has met the emergency requests from hundreds of tribes with food , clothing , medical supplies , emergency grants and more . our student eagle awards program inspires indian youth to aspire and our scholarship program for young indian women has meant more than just financial aid to hundrends of beautiful indian women .  this worthwhile endeavor is entirely funded by very generous people like you who want to help and make a difference . we need your help now more than ever .  click here to learn more . . . maybe you can help .  "" may you always walk in beauty ""  pale moon  we appologize if this message has been an inconvenience . you may comment to our webmaster .",1,national charity suffering since dear friend serving tribes sharing culture mission american indian heritage foundation past years many years aihf met emergency requests hundreds tribes food clothing medical supplies emergency grants student eagle awards program inspires indian youth aspire scholarship program young indian women meant financial aid hundrends beautiful indian women worthwhile endeavor entirely funded generous people like want help make difference need help ever click learn maybe help may always walk beauty pale moon appologize message inconvenience may comment webmaster
Subject: delivery status notification ( failure )  this is an automatically generated delivery status notification .  delivery to the following recipients failed .  info @ simplythankyou . com,1,delivery status notification failure automatically generated delivery status notification delivery following recipients failed info simplythankyou com
"Subject: re : prosym license  hi karolina ,  the last word i got was that grant masson was still coordinating the contract  and would be the person to talk to about getting a copy of the license . i  checked to see if i had an electronic copy somewhere , but couldn ' t find  anything . i suspect my copy was paper , and it would have been returned to  grant when i went back to portland general electric . probably didn ' t speak  to the situation in london , anyway , because the real interest in london  didn ' t arise until after i would have gotten my copy .  grant is transitioning to his new job with el paso in london , so if you have  difficulty reaching him , check with vince kaminski , or if vince is  unavailable , shriley crenshaw . shirley may know the person in enron legal or  contracts admin . who worked with grant on the henwood license .  of course , eric t . would have a copy . if you run into problems with houston ,  have eric send you a fax . ( the license is relatively short as contracts go . )  hope this helps ,  michael  > > > karolina potter / lon / ect @ enron 10 / 18 / 00 07 : 44 am > > >  michael  two weeks ago i attended hesi client symposium followed by advanced prosym  course in sacramento . during that time i had an opportunity to get to know  several people from both henwood energy services support and development  groups . one of them was eric toolson - head of client support in hesi , with  whom i discussed some issues in regards to our liaison with london based  support team . i agreed to meet up with simon crisp back in london to agree  on a form of our working relationship .  before i go to the meeting i would like to find out the following :  the text of enron ' s prosym license  what service we are entitled to based on the license  i am not sure if you are the person to ask about the above but if you could  help me by either providing the license or directing to the appropriate  person within enron it would be much appreciated .  many thanks  karolina",0,prosym license hi karolina last word got grant masson still coordinating contract would person talk getting copy license checked see electronic copy somewhere find anything suspect copy paper would returned grant went back portland general electric probably speak situation london anyway real interest london arise would gotten copy grant transitioning new job el paso london difficulty reaching check vince kaminski vince unavailable shriley crenshaw shirley may know person enron legal contracts admin worked grant henwood license course eric would copy run problems houston eric send fax license relatively short contracts go hope helps michael karolina potter lon ect enron michael two weeks ago attended hesi client symposium followed advanced prosym course sacramento time opportunity get know several people henwood energy services support development groups one eric toolson head client support hesi discussed issues regards liaison london based support team agreed meet simon crisp back london agree form working relationship go meeting would like find following text enron prosym license service entitled based license sure person ask could help either providing license directing appropriate person within enron would much appreciated many thanks karolina
"Subject: need an outstanding logo now ?  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe  of your company by creatinq an outstandinq loqo , presentable stationery  items and professionai website . these marketing toois will significantly  contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deal packages and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,need outstanding logo working company image start visual identity key first good impression help take part buildinq positive visual imaqe company creatinq outstandinq loqo presentable stationery items professionai website marketing toois significantly contributeto success business take iook work samples hot deal packages see offer work interested
"Subject: re : operational risk  michael ,  the science of measuring operational risk is in its early stages of  development .  there are really no cook - book solutions . one has to use creativity and a lot  of common sense .  vince  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : operational risk  mr . kaminsky ,  recently , i read articles published by garp and monographs in a book  published by garp . although they are excellent sources of introduction to  operational risk , none of them have any details on the "" how to . ""  if you know of a good book or book ( s ) could you recommend one ?  thank you .  michael kim",0,operational risk michael science measuring operational risk early stages development really cook book solutions one use creativity lot common sense vince vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject operational risk mr kaminsky recently read articles published garp monographs book published garp although excellent sources introduction operational risk none details know good book book could recommend one thank michael kim
"Subject: re : a personal favor  thanks very much . i am attaching his resume for your review .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , may 07 , 2001 12 : 08 pm  to : anurag . saksena @ gmacrfc . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : a personal favor  anurag ,  i shall talk about vikas to our it people .  can you send me his resume ?  vince  "" saksena , anurag "" on 05 / 07 / 2001 10 : 06 : 54 am  to : ? ? "" ' vkamins @ ect . enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : ? a personal favor  vince ,  i have ? left a voice mail to you and will wait to talk to you personally .  my brother ? vikas , who is now in london , is trying to make a switch from  consulting world to ? working for a specific firm . over last few months , i  have heard of great deal ? about the success of enron on line business which  fits well in the area of his ? expertise . i am wondering if you know of some  one in london who he can speak to ? regarding career opportunities .  since ? i spoke to you last , a number of things have changed . recently , my  manadate was ? broaden to include leading a charge for developing a risk  management function ? for both the domestic and international businesses for  gmac . needless to say , ? this is exciting albeit making the life a little  more hectic than ? usual .  talk ? to you later .  anurag  952 - ? 857 - 6133  ?  - resl . doc",0,personal favor thanks much attaching resume review original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday may pm anurag saksena gmacrfc com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject personal favor anurag shall talk vikas people send resume vince saksena anurag vkamins ect enron com cc subject personal favor vince left voice mail wait talk personally brother vikas london trying make switch consulting world working specific firm last months heard great deal success enron line business fits well area expertise wondering know one london speak regarding career opportunities since spoke last number things changed recently manadate broaden include leading charge developing risk management function domestic international businesses gmac needless say exciting albeit making life little hectic usual talk later anurag resl doc
"Subject: west power model  lance and i spoke with tim heizenrader regarding modeling work and needs for  the west desk . the differences in the markets between east and west are , in  tim ' s opinion , sufficient that he does not need an approach as sophisticated  as the one we are pursuing for ercot . in particular , the termal limits for  which load flows are so useful are not generally binding in the west . loop  flows are also not considered a major issue at present .  in summary , it seems that the west is an unlikely customer of any extension  to an ercot / east transmission model for the time being . they have also done  little in this area that would directly relate to our efforts here .  martin",0,west power model lance spoke tim heizenrader regarding modeling work needs west desk differences markets east west tim opinion sufficient need approach sophisticated one pursuing ercot particular termal limits load flows useful generally binding west loop flows also considered major issue present summary seems west unlikely customer extension ercot east transmission model time also done little area would directly relate efforts martin
"Subject: re : risk model  thanks vince . i made some real progress on the paper today . i ' ll try to  ship you a revision sometime later this week .  take care friend ,  john  at 01 : 14 pm 1 / 17 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > hi john ,  >  > you have a very attractive family . you must be a very proud father and  > husband .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 01 / 17 / 2001 11 : 09 : 29 am  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : risk model  >  >  > got it and i understand . thanks  >  > john  >  > p . s . have a great day ! by the way , how ' d you like the martin clan picture ?  >  >  > at 11 : 06 am 1 / 17 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  > > john ,  > >  > > i am sending you an old write - up on the risk management system .  > > this is for "" your eyes only "" , though this info is out already . some people  > > left  > > the company and also the consultants who audited the model use these  > ideas .  > >  > >  > > vince  > > ( see attached file : overo 907 . doc ) ( see attached file : prico 912 . doc )  > > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ overo 907 . doc ""  > >  > > attachment converted : "" c : \ windows \ desktop \ prico 912 . doc ""  > >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,risk model thanks vince made real progress paper today try ship revision sometime later week take care friend john pm wrote hi john attractive family must proud father husband vince john martin vince j kaminski enron com cc subject risk model got understand thanks john p great day way like martin clan picture wrote john sending old write risk management system eyes though info already people left company also consultants audited model use ideas vince see attached file overo doc see attached file prico doc attachment converted c windows desktop overo doc attachment converted c windows desktop prico doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: enron cover letter & resume for dave gershenson  celeste ,  i am sending you the resume of david gershenson , an mba student from wharton .  he is interested in a summer internship with enron and i shall be glad  to take him .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2001  01 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" chen , vincent "" on 01 / 17 / 2001 02 : 35 : 00 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : "" gershenson , david ""  subject : enron cover letter & resume for dave gershenson  vince , i am passing along a cover letter and resume for my classmate and  friend , dave gershenson , who is very interested in working for enron this  summer . he is working on reliant energy ' s tiger team this quarter . please let  us know if you have any questions .  thanks much and see you friday !  vincent  vincent y chen  mba candidate , class of 2002  the wharton school  university of pennsylvania  chenvinc @ wharton . upenn . edu  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : gershenson , david  > sent : tuesday , january 16 , 2001 6 : 24 am  > to : chen , vincent  > subject : enron cover letter & resume  >  > vincent ,  >  > please find attached a cover letter and resume for the enron summer finance  internship . as we discussed , i would appreciate it if you could pass these  along to your tiger team contact , mr . kaminski .  >  > thanks ,  > dave  >  > > > > > >  - enron letter . doc  - dave gershenson . doc",0,enron cover letter resume dave gershenson celeste sending resume david gershenson mba student wharton interested summer internship enron shall glad take vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm chen vincent vince j kaminski enron com cc gershenson david subject enron cover letter resume dave gershenson vince passing along cover letter resume classmate friend dave gershenson interested working enron summer working reliant energy tiger team quarter please let us know questions thanks much see friday vincent vincent chen mba candidate class wharton school university pennsylvania chenvinc wharton upenn edu original message gershenson david sent tuesday january chen vincent subject enron cover letter resume vincent please find attached cover letter resume enron summer finance internship discussed would appreciate could pass along tiger team contact mr kaminski thanks dave enron letter doc dave gershenson doc
"Subject: visual identity and logo now  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe  of your company by creatinq an outstanding loqo , presentable stationery  items and professional website . these marketing toois wiii significantly  contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deal packaqes and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,visual identity logo working company image start visual identity key first good impression help take part buildinq positive visuai imaqe company creatinq outstanding loqo presentable stationery items professional website marketing toois wiii significantly contributeto success business take iook work sampies hot deal packaqes see offer work interested
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want .  cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra  - the effect lasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country !  get it riqht now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactiy want cialis lot advantages viagra effect lasts hours ready start within minutes mix aicohol ship country get riqht
"Subject: meeting follow - up  dear vince ,  i enjoyed very much meeting you at the eprm conference .  as agreed , i am attaching both my resume and the paper on my dissertation work , which i will be presenting at the real options conference in ucla next month . i would be delighted to have your comments and impressions on it .  if it is of interest to you , i would also be very enthusiastic about exploring together different powerful ways of applying these concepts at enron .  early congratulations on your son ' s graduation ; let me know if you come to the bay area soon .  best regards ,  maria ines de miranda  phd . candidate  management science and engineering  stanford university  - resume maria i . de miranda . doc  - rool - demiranda . pdf",0,meeting follow dear vince enjoyed much meeting eprm conference agreed attaching resume paper dissertation work presenting real options conference ucla next month would delighted comments impressions interest would also enthusiastic exploring together different powerful ways applying concepts enron early congratulations son graduation let know come bay area soon best regards maria ines de miranda phd candidate management science engineering stanford university resume maria de miranda doc rool demiranda pdf
"Subject: storage model security  stinson ,  i have added a time bomb and security file check to the model .  we are ready to release it to brad , and improve the model from his feed back .  zimin",0,storage model security stinson added time bomb security file check model ready release brad improve model feed back zimin
"Subject: re : high - end desktop computing ?  shirley ,  yes , it will be a swap of one machine for another .  vince  shirley crenshaw  03 / 17 / 2000 12 : 17 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  vince :  is this ok to order ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000  12 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  clayton vernon @ enron  03 / 17 / 2000 09 : 34 am  to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  mark -  shirley will order an 800 mhz machine with 512 mb of ram , and a large ( 17 "" + )  flat - screen monitor for me .  clayton  mark davidson  03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 52 am  to : clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  clayton -  sorry it took so long to get back to you . there are a couple of things to  keep in mind :  - enron it supports enron equipment .  - all equipment must be purchased through "" enron it purchasing ""  our current high end desktop is a 800 mhz pentium iii machine with 128 m of  ram . you can bump up the ram to whatever you feel is appropriate . when the lghz processors come out ( in the very near future ) that will become our  standard .  what we want to avoid is getting equipment that we do not have a image for .  the "" image "" is the complete package of software that we put on a machine when  it is deployed . if you go out and buy a machine that we do not have a image  for , we can ' t support it for a multitude of reasons .  hopefully this answered your questions / concerns .  if not , please call me so that we can discuss this further .  thanks  mark davidson  x 39038  clayton vernon  03 / 14 / 2000 03 : 39 pm  to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : high - end desktop computing ?  mark -  i have developed a model for enron that requires ultra - high - end pc  performance ( it does many calculations in excel ) , and my boss has authorized  me to buy whatever pc i need . i ' m looking at the compaq 850 , but richard ( our  floor rep ) says no pc ' s over the 600 series will be supported by it . i need  to resolve this issue ; we are sophisticated buyers , we know the type of  machine we want , and we have the money to pay for it .  sincerely ,  clayton vernon  manager , research",0,high end desktop computing shirley yes swap one machine another vince shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject high end desktop computing vince ok order forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm clayton vernon enron mark davidson corp enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject high end desktop computing mark shirley order mhz machine mb ram large flat screen monitor clayton mark davidson clayton vernon corp enron enron cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject high end desktop computing clayton sorry took long get back couple things keep mind enron supports enron equipment equipment must purchased enron purchasing current high end desktop mhz pentium iii machine ram bump ram whatever feel appropriate lghz processors come near future become standard want avoid getting equipment image image complete package software put machine deployed go buy machine image support multitude reasons hopefully answered questions concerns please call discuss thanks mark davidson x clayton vernon pm mark davidson corp enron enron cc subject high end desktop computing mark developed model enron requires ultra high end pc performance many calculations excel boss authorized buy whatever pc need looking compaq richard floor rep says pc series supported need resolve issue sophisticated buyers know type machine want money pay sincerely clayton vernon manager research
"Subject: re : tiger team - wharton participants  are these students first or second years ? if they are first years , we did  not have a single one submit a resume for the summer associate position .  michele nezi marvin  manager  enron broadband services  ( 713 ) 853 - 6848  kristin gandy @ enron  01 / 03 / 01 10 : 17 am  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , william keeney / hou / ect @ ect , catherine  clark / hou / ect @ ect , rajesh chettiar / enron _ development @ enron _ development , tom  dutta / hou / ect @ ect , jayshree desai / hou / ect @ ect , colin jackson / enron  communications @ enron communications , laura howenstine / enron  communications @ enron communications , michele nezi marvin / enron  communications @ enron communications , jennifer fraser / hou / ect @ ect , natalie  halich / enron communications @ enron communications , ranabir  dutt / corp / enron @ enron , teresa dyar / na / enron @ enron , jeff golden / hou / ees @ ees ,  charles ward / corp / enron @ enron , sarah wesner / corp / enron @ enron , li  sun / na / enron @ enron , gillian johnson / na / enron @ enron , lisa  connolly / na / enron @ enron , michael j popkin / na / enron @ enron , kevin  mcgowan / corp / enron @ enron , evan betzer / enron communications @ enron  communications , jebong lee / enron communications @ enron communications , chu chu  wang / corp / enron @ enron , brad hitch / eu / enron @ enron , betsy bassis / enron  communications @ enron communications , matthew goering / hou / ect @ ect , claude  tellis / enron @ enronxgate  cc :  subject : tiger team - wharton participants  attached below is a list of individuals that will be participating in the  tiger team event at enron in houston on the 18 th of january . keep these  people in mind when it comes time to pick candidates to interview for the  spring . call if you have any questions and i am still looking for wharton  alum who would like to attend the dinner at churrasco ' s that same evening .  thank you ,  kristin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kristin gandy / na / enron on 01 / 03 / 2001  10 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  melinda mccarty  01 / 03 / 2001 09 : 43 am  to : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : tiger team - wharton participants  vincent chen  nicholas levitt  deepa mallik  jack rejtman  heather thorne  donna piazze  kim whitsel  tulika bhalla  jaideep singh  edson otani  joshua leventhal  pat henahan  gustavo palazzi  clay degiacinto  steve lessar  ram vittal  omar bassel  jason cummins  dennis feerick",0,tiger team wharton participants students first second years first years single one submit resume summer associate position michele nezi marvin manager enron broadband services kristin gandy enron jeffrey shankman hou ect ect william keeney hou ect ect catherine clark hou ect ect rajesh chettiar enron development enron development tom dutta hou ect ect jayshree desai hou ect ect colin jackson enron communications enron communications laura howenstine enron communications enron communications michele nezi marvin enron communications enron communications jennifer fraser hou ect ect natalie halich enron communications enron communications ranabir dutt corp enron enron teresa dyar na enron enron jeff golden hou ees ees charles ward corp enron enron sarah wesner corp enron enron li sun na enron enron gillian johnson na enron enron lisa connolly na enron enron michael j popkin na enron enron kevin mcgowan corp enron enron evan betzer enron communications enron communications jebong lee enron communications enron communications chu chu wang corp enron enron brad hitch eu enron enron betsy bassis enron communications enron communications matthew goering hou ect ect claude tellis enron enronxgate cc subject tiger team wharton participants attached list individuals participating tiger team event enron houston th january keep people mind comes time pick candidates interview spring call questions still looking wharton alum would like attend dinner churrasco evening thank kristin forwarded kristin gandy na enron melinda mccarty kristin gandy na enron enron cc subject tiger team wharton participants vincent chen nicholas levitt deepa mallik jack rejtman heather thorne donna piazze kim whitsel tulika bhalla jaideep singh edson otani joshua leventhal pat henahan gustavo palazzi clay degiacinto steve lessar ram vittal omar bassel jason cummins dennis feerick
"Subject: fw : eprm  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : dave hall  to :  sent : tuesday , september 05 , 2000 8 : 53 pm  subject : eprm  > dear mr clewlow  >  > thanks for your piece on var for inclusion in the october edition of  energy  > & power  > risk management .  >  > the article is attached . there are a few queries from the editor and  myself  > written in bold in the text . you might find that some parts of the piece  > have been edited to  > conform to our ' house style ' , etc .  >  > comments and suggestions welcome .  >  > should we send this article to anybody else for their approval ?  >  > thanks and kind regards ,  >  >  > dave hall  > chief subeditor  > energy & power risk management magazine  > risk waters group  > haymarket house  > 28 - 29 haymarket  > london  > swly 4 rx  > uk  > tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9796  > fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7930 2238  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  - var . doc",0,fw eprm original message dave hall sent tuesday september pm subject eprm dear mr clewlow thanks piece var inclusion october edition energy power risk management article attached queries editor written bold text might find parts piece edited conform house style etc comments suggestions welcome send article anybody else approval thanks kind regards dave hall chief subeditor energy power risk management magazine risk waters group haymarket house haymarket london swly rx uk tel fax var doc
"Subject: lng hedging  vince ,  fyi . this is something the team has been working on with krishna .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  12 / 21 / 2000 04 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sandeep kohli  12 / 21 / 2000 04 : 00 pm  to : james a hughes / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject : lng hedging  jim ,  i am attaching below a small draft note prepared by anshuman on lng hedging .  it talks of two products :  ( 1 ) volumetric options ( where we buy a call on 100 % of the volumes and sell a  put on 50 % of the volumes to finance the call ) , and  ( 2 ) ratio derivative where we buy two calls at a higher price , and sell one  at a lower price to finance it . this is not one that the traders agree to ,  since at the upper price , the calls bought are just at the money , while the  sold call is in the money , and will cost the seller .  hence , only option 1 is useful . it could provide risk mitigation in the high  price scenario , while allowing some participation in low prices . to test it ,  we used march 2001 period . to have it cost neutral , we would buy a call at  $ 26 , and sell the put at $ 25 . 15 .  as we bounce these ideas , i think it is very important that we work closely  with the global markets group . the team on the ground knows the contracts  better , and maybe able to give you insights on what can be sold to mseb .  would love to discuss the same with you .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,lng hedging vince fyi something team working krishna regards sandeep forwarded sandeep kohli enron development sandeep kohli pm james hughes enron development enron development cc subject lng hedging jim attaching small draft note prepared anshuman lng hedging talks two products volumetric options buy call volumes sell put volumes finance call ratio derivative buy two calls higher price sell one lower price finance one traders agree since upper price calls bought money sold call money cost seller hence option useful could provide risk mitigation high price scenario allowing participation low prices test used march period cost neutral would buy call sell put bounce ideas think important work closely global markets group team ground knows contracts better maybe able give insights sold mseb would love discuss regards sandeep
"Subject: ebs goes live ! . . . 15 , 000 will be impacted on 7 / 1 / 00  enron broadband services is the latest addition to the enron sap rollout .  the apollo and beyond project team and enron ' s business units are currently  preparing for the project ' s final implementation . apollo and beyond is an  enron initiative tasked with laying a common financial , human resources ,  project management , and procurement foundation throughout the majority of  enron ' s businesses .  ebs "" go - live ""  on april lst , enron broadband services supplemented their current sap  functionality with hr online and sap hr , including payroll and organizational  structure management . hr online enables the ebs population to enter their  own time , view and update their personal information , and view their vacation  time and individual payroll information via enron ' s intranet .  additionally , this implementation enhanced the sap financial , project and  procurement processes that ebs has had in operation since april 1 , 1999 .  these enhancements included an ebs pilot of b 2 b , a web - based requisitioning  tool . among the benefits of these enhancements will be improved information  flow across business units currently on sap .  july 1 "" go - live ""  this final apollo and beyond implementation will directly impact more than  15 , 000 enron employees and contractors - - odds are that you are one of them !  people impacted on july lst include :  all enron employees paid out of corporate payroll in houston , excluding  azurix employees  the financial communities of enron energy services , enron investment  partners , enron north america , enron renewable energy corporation , gas  pipeline group , global finance , and global products .  the project management communities of enron north america , gas pipeline  group , global asset operations , global finance , and global products .  the human resources communities of corporate , global e & p , enron energy  services , enron engineering and construction company , enron investment  partners , enron north america , enron renewable energy corporation ( houston  only ) , the international regions , gas pipeline group , global finance , and  global products .  general sap training will be available in late april via the enron intranet .  additional , specific , sap classes and workshops are scheduled to begin in may  and continue through august . information on the project can be obtained  through the enron intranet at http : / / sap . enron . com and by contacting business  unit representatives currently working with the project . a list of business  unit representatives is located on the intranet site .  additional information related to the july lst implementation will be  communicated to you over the next few months .  thank you .  melissa becker  project leader , apollo and beyond",0,ebs goes live impacted enron broadband services latest addition enron sap rollout apollo beyond project team enron business units currently preparing project final implementation apollo beyond enron initiative tasked laying common financial human resources project management procurement foundation throughout majority enron businesses ebs go live april lst enron broadband services supplemented current sap functionality hr online sap hr including payroll organizational structure management hr online enables ebs population enter time view update personal information view vacation time individual payroll information via enron intranet additionally implementation enhanced sap financial project procurement processes ebs operation since april enhancements included ebs pilot b b web based requisitioning tool among benefits enhancements improved information flow across business units currently sap july go live final apollo beyond implementation directly impact enron employees contractors odds one people impacted july lst include enron employees paid corporate payroll houston excluding azurix employees financial communities enron energy services enron investment partners enron north america enron renewable energy corporation gas pipeline group global finance global products project management communities enron north america gas pipeline group global asset operations global finance global products human resources communities corporate global e p enron energy services enron engineering construction company enron investment partners enron north america enron renewable energy corporation houston international regions gas pipeline group global finance global products general sap training available late april via enron intranet additional specific sap classes workshops scheduled begin may continue august information project obtained enron intranet http sap enron com contacting business unit representatives currently working project list business unit representatives located intranet site additional information related july lst implementation communicated next months thank melissa becker project leader apollo beyond
"Subject: free latex  go to http : / / www . winedt . com / , select downloads , and download winedt 5 to your  c drive .  on bottom of the same page ( download ) , click on miktex ' s home page ,  click on miktex 2 . 0 , and download all the highlighted zip files . you may also  want to download miktex - 2 . 0 - manual . pdf .  you can then unzip all the files and follow the steps outlined in  miktex - 2 . 0 - manual . pdf to  install winedt and miktex . however , the procedure to "" add miktex bin  directory to path ""  may not work . it ' s best to manually add the following to your path :  c : \ texmf \ miktex \ bin ;  this software is quite easy to use and very versatile . you can even include  colored picture in your tex document .  best ,  alex",0,free latex go http www winedt com select downloads download winedt c drive bottom page download click miktex home page click miktex download highlighted zip files may also want download miktex manual pdf unzip files follow steps outlined miktex manual pdf install winedt miktex however procedure add miktex bin directory path may work best manually add following path c texmf miktex bin software quite easy use versatile even include colored picture tex document best alex
"Subject: re : reminder  thanks , so much for your support !",0,reminder thanks much support
"Subject: research group "" millenium "" party  hello all !  since we all seemed to survive the "" y 2 k "" bug , we are going to celebrate !  our "" holiday millenium "" party will be this saturday .  see attached for information , if you have questions , please call me at 3 - 5290 .  see you there !  shirley",0,research group millenium party hello since seemed survive k bug going celebrate holiday millenium party saturday see attached information questions please call see shirley
"Subject: re : interview with enron corp .  cliff :  thank you for replying and we want to wish you the best in your new  endeavor . texaco is also a good company and i am sure you will  be pleased .  best of luck !  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  cliff parsons on 06 / 27 / 2000 02 : 05 : 13 pm  to : shirley crenshaw  cc : vince j kaminski , pinnamaneni krishnarao  , osman sezgen ,  cp 38 @ andrew . cmu . edu  subject : re : interview with enron corp .  dear ms . crenshaw :  i recently accepted a quant position with texaco in houston . lara berry  from enron contacted me just after that , and i told her of the situation .  i agreed to send her my resume ( which i did ) and keep in touch .  enron is a fabulous corporation with exciting opportunities . mr . kaminski  is very well known in the energy field , and i have read some of his  material . i am extremely pleased that you all would be interested in me ;  however , i have given my word to texaco .  the texaco position offers a lot of opportunity and risk . this is the kind  of challenge for which i am looking . if things do not work out , however , i  would definitely contact enron again and cherish any opportunity for an  interview .  thank you very much ,  cliff parsons  - - on monday , june 26 , 2000 , 11 : 27 am - 0500 shirley crenshaw  wrote :  >  >  > good morning mr . parsons :  >  > the enron corp . research dept . would like to conduct a telephone  > interview with you at your convenience .  >  > the interviewers would be :  >  > vince kaminski managing director  > p . v . krishnarao director  > osman sezgen manager  >  > please give me some dates and times either this week or july 5 , 6 & 7  > of next week that you would be available and i will coordinate the  > calendars .  >  > look forward to hearing from you .  >  > regards ,  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron corp . research  > 713 / 853 - 5290  > email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  >  >",0,interview enron corp cliff thank replying want wish best new endeavor texaco also good company sure pleased best luck sincerely shirley crenshaw cliff parsons pm shirley crenshaw cc vince j kaminski pinnamaneni krishnarao osman sezgen cp andrew cmu edu subject interview enron corp dear ms crenshaw recently accepted quant position texaco houston lara berry enron contacted told situation agreed send resume keep touch enron fabulous corporation exciting opportunities mr kaminski well known energy field read material extremely pleased would interested however given word texaco texaco position offers lot opportunity risk kind challenge looking things work however would definitely contact enron cherish opportunity interview thank much cliff parsons monday june shirley crenshaw wrote good morning mr parsons enron corp research dept would like conduct telephone interview convenience interviewers would vince kaminski managing director p v krishnarao director osman sezgen manager please give dates times either week july next week would available coordinate calendars look forward hearing regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: re : seismic data via satellite  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob lee / na / enron on 10 / 16 / 2000 11 : 46 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gregory p smith @ ect  10 / 16 / 2000 10 : 06 am  to : bob lee / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : seismic data via satellite  bob ,  here are a few comments on this note :  1 . deal with seismic company was done by a mark peterson who is still with  enron . i haven ' t caught up with him for details but it had to do with  underwriting ( risk of no sales ) seismic survey . timing is important .  interest may have picked up in new surveys and the survey company decided  that they didn ' t need enron anymore because they no longer saw a risk of no  sales .  2 . 3 - d surveys will happen where there is an abundance of e & p activity or  be spurred on by successes in a given basin . while activity continues in the  gulf of mexico on the shelf , the major discoveries are being found in the  deep water . worldwide , the shallow water plays have been looked at and  worked for years - they were accessible with the extraction technology of the  time . i don ' t think that deep water sedimentation / depositional systems were  completely understood to even begin to try to justify looking in deep water .  concepts have evolved quite quickly . the point is that many deep water  accumulations are incredibly large - billion barrel accumulations . these  sizes are like those accumulations that were found decades ago when companies  were drilling surface structures . the large reserves are needed to pay for  the corresponding incredibly expensive costs of deepwater field development .  i believe that finding and development costs ( $ / barrel ) are at least two to  three times shelf f & d costs in the gulf of mexico . this differential is  probably large with international projects ( and that doesn ' t take into  account political risk ) .  i ' ll look forward to more involvement if and when this project / concept goes  forward . feel free to forward this to all participants .  greg  bob lee @ enron  13 / 10 / 2000 08 . 30  to : gregory p smith / hou / ect @ ect , richard reichardt / enron communications @ enron  communications  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : seismic data via satellite  i am preparing a summary or our thursday discussions to be used as a  background piece for discussion / brainstorming with oil traders . i will  circulate this for review / correction later today , or , at the latest , monday .  greg , you mentioned that enron had participated in a speculative survey in  the gulf of mexico that was successful . it might be useful to get more info  on this . terms , return realized ( over what time frame ) , why we have not  continued to do this , etc .  also , from your comments , many , if not most of the 3 - d surveys are in deep  water . i read recently that shell , i believe , is participating in a deep sea  drilling / extraction project in the gulf . what oil price is required to make  these kinds of projects viable financially ?  bob lee",0,seismic data via satellite fyi forwarded bob lee na enron gregory p smith ect bob lee na enron enron cc subject seismic data via satellite bob comments note deal seismic company done mark peterson still enron caught details underwriting risk sales seismic survey timing important interest may picked new surveys survey company decided need enron anymore longer saw risk sales surveys happen abundance e p activity spurred successes given basin activity continues gulf mexico shelf major discoveries found deep water worldwide shallow water plays looked worked years accessible extraction technology time think deep water sedimentation depositional systems completely understood even begin try justify looking deep water concepts evolved quite quickly point many deep water accumulations incredibly large billion barrel accumulations sizes like accumulations found decades ago companies drilling surface structures large reserves needed pay corresponding incredibly expensive costs deepwater field development believe finding development costs barrel least two three times shelf f costs gulf mexico differential probably large international projects take account political risk look forward involvement project concept goes forward feel free forward participants greg bob lee enron gregory p smith hou ect ect richard reichardt enron communications enron communications cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject seismic data via satellite preparing summary thursday discussions used background piece discussion brainstorming oil traders circulate review correction later today latest monday greg mentioned enron participated speculative survey gulf mexico successful might useful get info terms return realized time frame continued etc also comments many surveys deep water read recently shell believe participating deep sea drilling extraction project gulf oil price required make kinds projects viable financially bob lee
"Subject: approval for restricted websit : web _ research _ pub  per kevin moore , please approve elena chilkina ' s access for the following  restricted website : web _ research _ pub .  thank you ,  information risk management ( et )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on  05 / 02 / 2000 09 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  security resource request system  directory line item pending access processing  directory name : website : web _ research _ pub  service type : grant  expiration date :  comments : will send to vince kaminski for approval .  security processing  processing status :  e - mail message :  comments / justification :  general information request : kgme - 4 jtf 4 c  requested by : kevin g moore / hou / ect phone : 713 / 853 - 4710  requested for : elena chilkina / hou / ect employee type :  company : 100038 rc # : 0011  priority : high  comments / justification : she will need the same as michael sergeev . a few has  been listed there may be  some others that are not listed . please apply .  editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown )  edit # past authors edit dates  1 information risk management 05 / 02 / 2000 09 : 03 : 15 am",0,approval restricted websit web research pub per kevin moore please approve elena chilkina access following restricted website web research pub thank information risk management et forwarded information risk management hou ect security resource request system directory line item pending access processing directory name website web research pub service type grant expiration date comments send vince kaminski approval security processing processing status e mail message comments justification general information request kgme jtf c requested kevin g moore hou ect phone requested elena chilkina hou ect employee type company rc priority high comments justification need michael sergeev listed may others listed please apply editing history last five shown edit past authors edit dates information risk management
"Subject: hiya hon , , . . . mandamus  hi there babie , it ' s the 1 and only crystal clear remember from the dating website . i was told all about you so i thought id say hi hon . i want you to see my pictures and read about me . i wont sleep until i hear from you sexy . : d later baby ,  cryssie gal  http : / / cix . bornfruit . com / cr 25 /  no more - jeffersondarcy . com / 1 m / rpbw 2 jt 5 xb 53 p 91 t",1,hiya hon mandamus hi babie crystal clear remember dating website told thought id say hi hon want see pictures read wont sleep hear sexy later baby cryssie gal http cix bornfruit com cr jeffersondarcy com rpbw jt xb p
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want .  ciaiis has a iot of advantages over viaqra  - the effect lasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country !  get it riqht now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactly want ciaiis iot advantages viaqra effect lasts hours ready start within minutes mix alcohoi ship country get riqht
"Subject: increases cardiac output and athletic performance  no doctor visits required  recapture your youth and feel the energy  for many , this is a powerful second chance  press here to read about  http : / / yv . i 2 el . glowlineensured . com / xs /  this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your  life  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : odessa [ mailto : derick @ ktracsy . com ]  sent : tuesday , march 3 , 2005 5 : 42 am  to : donnie ; rebbecca @ rixranxne . com ; blanche ; janelle ; kazuko  subject : fully living life  i am busy , no thank you , go above and use link and address is on site  his surprise was great when the garment of repulsion arrested the blow and  nearly overthrew the aggressor in turn .  snatching a dagger from his sash , he bounded upon the boy so fiercely that  the next instant the enraged turk found himself lying upon his back three  yards away , while his dagger flew through the air and landed deep in the  desert sands .  keep it up ! cried rob , bitterly . but why destroy my friends ? asked the  little wizard .",1,increases cardiac output athletic performance doctor visits required recapture youth feel energy many powerful second chance press read http yv el glowlineensured com xs common element change way experience next half life original message odessa mailto derick ktracsy com sent tuesday march donnie rebbecca rixranxne com blanche janelle kazuko subject fully living life busy thank go use link address site surprise great garment repulsion arrested blow nearly overthrew aggressor turn snatching dagger sash bounded upon boy fiercely next instant enraged turk found lying upon back three yards away dagger flew air landed deep desert sands keep cried rob bitterly destroy friends asked little wizard
"Subject: re : electricity summit at u . c . berkeley  sevil ,  yes , please , go ahead . we shall pay for the trip .  vince  sevil yaman @ enron  10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 24 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : electricity summit at u . c . berkeley  vince ,  i just received this message . what do you think ? should i register to attend  it ?  sevil ,  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sevil yaman / corp / enron on 10 / 24 / 2000  02 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pwpens on 10 / 24 / 2000 12 : 16 : 14 pm  to : ( recipient list suppressed )  cc :  subject : electricity summit at u . c . berkeley  register now to attend the  electricity summit at u . c . berkeley , november 13 , 2000  u . c . berkeley ' s goldman school of public policy , with additional support  from the u . c . berkeley ' s competition policy center and the u . c . energy  institute , will host a meeting of industry representatives , policy makers ,  consumers representatives , legislators and researchers to discuss the  electricity restructuring experience and potential solutions to the  difficulties that california and other governments have encountered . the  summit will run from 12 : 30 - 6 pm with two roundtable discussions that will  include a wide variety of viewpoints .  for registration information and further details , go to ",0,electricity summit u c berkeley sevil yes please go ahead shall pay trip vince sevil yaman enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject electricity summit u c berkeley vince received message think register attend sevil forwarded sevil yaman corp enron pm pwpens pm recipient list suppressed cc subject electricity summit u c berkeley register attend electricity summit u c berkeley november u c berkeley goldman school public policy additional support u c berkeley competition policy center u c energy institute host meeting industry representatives policy makers consumers representatives legislators researchers discuss electricity restructuring experience potential solutions difficulties california governments encountered summit run pm two roundtable discussions include wide variety viewpoints registration information details go
"Subject: exactseek - verify your site submission  the following url was submitted to exactseek . com :  http : / / www . datapest . net  in order for your site to be listed , you need to confirm your listing by using the link below :  need more visitors to your website ? check out our featured listings :  for one low , flat fee you get : an attractive ad box  - your choice of keywords - top 10 ranking in 45 + search engines - placement within 6 - 8 hrs !  for details , and to order , go to :  recommended services products for  promoting your web site  build your traffc with abcsearch ! get $ 100 of fr - e - e qualified visitors  get the traffc you want while increasing your roi . sign - up today and we will match any initial deposit up to $ 100 .  geo - targeting , full reporting and results at the clck of a button !  get going at : http : / / www . abcsearch . com / advertisersplash . html  start earning a residualincome with your website !  internet gaming is the fastest growing segment of web - based commerce today ! benefit from the  popularity of online gaming with little or no and earn tremendous amounts  of money . you can expect to earn 20 % to 40 % of the profts off each new player . signup for fre  at : http : / / www . vipprofits . com  guaranteed top placement on mamma . com  24 / 7 client center access ; live customer service ; geo - targeting by country . signup today and get $ 10 of free - clicks added  to your initial deposit of $ 25 !  http : / / www . mamma . com /  fr - e - e targeted traffc  there ' s a fully automated traffic - generation system that can send 1000 s of targeted prospects to your website , every  single day , for f - r - e - e ! it takes just 5 minutes to set it up , and it ' s totally "" viral "" . . . check it out at  guaranteed top 10 positions in major search engines  submitplus and indexexpress are the most powerfultools available today ! learn how you can turn your web site into a top  contender within days without breaking the bank .  http : / / www . submitplus . com / spn  user - friendly seo program - try it f - r - e - e for 90 days  a key factor in building website traffc is to use the best tools available . exactseek ' s seo solution gives you  immediate access to 7 effective optimization tools . get higher ranking on the top global search engines starting today .  http : / / www . exactseek . com / seotools . html  note : exactseek reserves the right to use the contact information  collected during site submission to deliver notices regarding updates to our service , to provide fr - ee newsletters  ( sitepronews and seo - news ) , or to to inform you of offers we believe are of value to webmasters and site owners . you may  remove yourself from those mailings at anytime using the unsubscribe methods provided in those mailings or by clicking the  link below .  use this link to stop further mailings  note : using the above link will result in future site submissions being blocked . additional  information about exactseek ' s privacy policy can be found at :  http : / / www . exactseek . com / privacy . html  or contact us by mail at : jayde online , inc . , suite 190 23 - 845 dakota street , winnipeg , mb canada r 2 m 5 m 3 . ",1,exactseek verify site submission following url submitted exactseek com http www datapest net order site listed need confirm listing using link need visitors website check featured listings one low flat fee get attractive ad box choice keywords top ranking search engines placement within hrs details order go recommended services products promoting web site build traffc abcsearch get fr e e qualified visitors get traffc want increasing roi sign today match initial deposit geo targeting full reporting results clck button get going http www abcsearch com advertisersplash html start earning residualincome website internet gaming fastest growing segment web based commerce today benefit popularity online gaming little earn tremendous amounts money expect earn profts new player signup fre http www vipprofits com guaranteed top placement mamma com client center access live customer service geo targeting country signup today get free clicks added initial deposit http www mamma com fr e e targeted traffc fully automated traffic generation system send targeted prospects website every single day f r e e takes minutes set totally viral check guaranteed top positions major search engines submitplus indexexpress powerfultools available today learn turn web site top contender within days without breaking bank http www submitplus com spn user friendly seo program try f r e e days key factor building website traffc use best tools available exactseek seo solution gives immediate access effective optimization tools get higher ranking top global search engines starting today http www exactseek com seotools html note exactseek reserves right use contact information collected site submission deliver notices regarding updates service provide fr ee newsletters sitepronews seo news inform offers believe value webmasters site owners may remove mailings anytime using unsubscribe methods provided mailings clicking link use link stop mailings note using link result future site submissions blocked additional information exactseek privacy policy found http www exactseek com privacy html contact us mail jayde online inc suite dakota street winnipeg mb canada r
"Subject: re : wharton business plan competition  hi vince !  please see the wharton information below , as well as jeff ' s comments .  do you want to be the judge ?  please let me know asap .  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 01 : 53 pm - - - - -  jeffrey a shankman / enron @ enronxgate  03 / 19 / 2001 11 : 18 am  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : wharton business plan competition  i ' ll be in new york that week . ask vince .  jeff  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : patrick , christie  sent : monday , march 19 , 2001 9 : 43 am  to : shankman , jeffrey a .  subject : fw : wharton business plan competition  importance : high  jeff ,  please see wharton business plan information below .  do you want to be the judge ?  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 09 : 40 am - - - - -  "" stamer , anne "" 03 / 19 / 2001 08 : 42 am to :  "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' "" cc : subject :  fw : wharton business plan competition  hi christie :  i hope this email finds you well . the wharton business plan competition is  going really well .  we would really like to enron participate . is someone from your company  available to be a be a judge for our phase iii ? attached is some  information .  anne  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : andrew gaffney [ mailto : gaffneya @ wharton . upenn . edu ]  sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 9 : 47 am  to : christie . patrick @ enron . com  cc : stamer , anne  subject : wharton business plan competition  dear ms . patrick ,  anne stamer asked me to contact you regarding enron providing a judge for  phase iii of the business plan competition . phase iii judges are generally  partner - level individuals at venture capital firms , managing directors from  investment banks , or other senior individuals who have extensive experience  assessing and working with early stage ventures . a phase iii judge will  receive five business plans , with the entire judging process requiring 4 - 5  hours during the weeks of april 2 and april 9 . i am attaching a document  that describes the competition and judging procedures for phase iii in more  detail . we are looking to finalize the list of phase iii judges by march  23 , so if you could please forward either anne or i the name of the  appropriate individual , we can contact them directly with more details .  please let me know if you have further questions and we appreciate your  support of the competition .  sincerely ,  andrew gaffney  - phase iii judge info 00 - 01 . doc >",0,wharton business plan competition hi vince please see wharton information well jeff comments want judge please let know asap thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm jeffrey shankman enron enronxgate christie patrick hou ect ect cc subject wharton business plan competition new york week ask vince jeff original message patrick christie sent monday march shankman jeffrey subject fw wharton business plan competition importance high jeff please see wharton business plan information want judge thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect stamer anne christie patrick enron com cc subject fw wharton business plan competition hi christie hope email finds well wharton business plan competition going really well would really like enron participate someone company available judge phase iii attached information anne original message andrew gaffney mailto gaffneya wharton upenn edu sent thursday march christie patrick enron com cc stamer anne subject wharton business plan competition dear ms patrick anne stamer asked contact regarding enron providing judge phase iii business plan competition phase iii judges generally partner level individuals venture capital firms managing directors investment banks senior individuals extensive experience assessing working early stage ventures phase iii judge receive five business plans entire judging process requiring hours weeks april april attaching document describes competition judging procedures phase iii detail looking finalize list phase iii judges march could please forward either anne name appropriate individual contact directly details please let know questions appreciate support competition sincerely andrew gaffney phase iii judge info doc
"Subject: re : summer internship  vince ,  we have not started our spring hiring yet . however , we will review and let  him know we have an interest and tell him when we will be interviewing on  campus . thanks  althea and shelly ,  please keep track of his resume so that he is considered for a summer  position when we begin the spring recruiting . thanks  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 15 / 2000 07 : 39 am  to : charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : summer internship  hello charlene ,  i am forwarding you a resume of a student from berkeley .  we would like very much to have him as a summer intern with my group .  please , let me know if your program can accommodate him .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 15 / 2000  07 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ezequiel luis on 11 / 13 / 2000 04 : 23 : 23 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : summer internship  dear mr . kaminski  i am currently pursuing the m . s . in ieor at uc berkeley . i attended the  speech you gave some weeks ago .  i am interested in summer internship positions available in enron . you will  find enclosed my resume .  sincerely ,  ezequiel luis  este mensaje fue enviado desde http : / / commcenter . infosel . com  internet gratis  http : / / www . terra . com . mx / terralibre  - resume elm . doc",0,summer internship vince started spring hiring yet however review let know interest tell interviewing campus thanks althea shelly please keep track resume considered summer position begin spring recruiting thanks vince j kaminski ect charlene jackson corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject summer internship hello charlene forwarding resume student berkeley would like much summer intern group please let know program accommodate vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect ezequiel luis pm vkamins enron com cc subject summer internship dear mr kaminski currently pursuing ieor uc berkeley attended speech gave weeks ago interested summer internship positions available enron find enclosed resume sincerely ezequiel luis este mensaje fue enviado desde http commcenter infosel com internet gratis http www terra com mx terralibre resume elm doc
"Subject: var  david ,  during today ' s var coordination meeting we had a discussion of issues  related to mapping of the forward price curves into core locations .  mapping is a necessity dictated by the limitations of the computer system :  we have to reduce the dimensionality of the problem to stay within the bounds  of available cpu memory . also , in some cases the quality of price discovery  is poor  and it ' s difficult to model the price curves independently : we solve the  problem by mapping  them into more liquid and better behaved core locations curves .  we have agreed on the following :  1 . winston will investigate the it side and determine to what extent we can  increase the number  of forward price curves that are simulated as basic ( core ) curves . he will  investigate the impact of a larger  number of the core curves on the time required to complete the var run .  2 . the curves associated with the biggest 10 - 20 positions in each commodity  should be  modeled as core curves ( i . e . no mapping into other locations ) . it makes sense  to monitor  the biggest risks separately and avoid aggregating them into less  transparent aggregates .  3 . the results of an automated clustering ( mapping ) procedures should be  systematically  monitored by a human and corrected if they misrepresent the risks of the  trading positions .  this responsibility should be vested with one person ( right now the  responsibility is  dispersed through the organization and this means in practice that nobody  is responsible ) . research can allocate one person to this task ;  cooperation of trading and rac will be critical .  vince",0,var david today var coordination meeting discussion issues related mapping forward price curves core locations mapping necessity dictated limitations computer system reduce dimensionality problem stay within bounds available cpu memory also cases quality price discovery poor difficult model price curves independently solve problem mapping liquid better behaved core locations curves agreed following winston investigate side determine extent increase number forward price curves simulated basic core curves investigate impact larger number core curves time required complete var run curves associated biggest positions commodity modeled core curves e mapping locations makes sense monitor biggest risks separately avoid aggregating less transparent aggregates results automated clustering mapping procedures systematically monitored human corrected misrepresent risks trading positions responsibility vested one person right responsibility dispersed organization means practice nobody responsible research allocate one person task cooperation trading rac critical vince
"Subject: financial mathematics course - urgent  hi vince ,  in order to provide the marketing department with sufficient lead time for  our financial mathematics course , the brochure will need to be printed by  the end of next week . i would like to confirm the bullets for your two  sessions at the 2001 series of courses . if you feel that there is little  need to update the points i ' ll include the previous outlines . the one  addition i would like to make is on the ' practical example ' point at the end  of each session . if we could provide a line outlining what the example would  be , this would add some important information to this event .  i will be in the office until wedesday afternoon and would very much like to  talk with you about your views on this years ' event . i will be out of the  office on thursday and friday and will need to confirm my changes at the  start of next week .  i look forward to speaking with you soon .  best wishes ,  paul bristow",0,financial mathematics course urgent hi vince order provide marketing department sufficient lead time financial mathematics course brochure need printed end next week would like confirm bullets two sessions series courses feel little need update points include previous outlines one addition would like make practical example point end session could provide line outlining example would would add important information event office wedesday afternoon would much like talk views years event office thursday friday need confirm changes start next week look forward speaking soon best wishes paul bristow
"Subject: re : reschedule  clayton ,  no problem . i asked shirley to reschedule .  vince  clayton vernon @ enron  01 / 29 / 2001 12 : 38 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tom barkley / na / enron @ enron  subject : reschedule  vince -  i apologize , but something has come regarding this afternoon . my server ' s os  is acting up , and is affecting all of my apps right now .  can we think about later this week ? i promise it will be worth it to you . the  eol stuff is nice .  again , my apologies .  clayton",0,reschedule clayton problem asked shirley reschedule vince clayton vernon enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect tom barkley na enron enron subject reschedule vince apologize something come regarding afternoon server os acting affecting apps right think later week promise worth eol stuff nice apologies clayton
"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miliions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1,ready get hello viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction like one jokes sais strong enough man made woman orderinq viaqra online convinient fast secure way miliions people daily save privacy money order
"Subject: re : resume of carla di castro  vince ,  we have many associates that we have to place within business units .  thereafter , if there are additional hiring needs , we will consider her  resume .  regards ,  shannon  vince j kaminski  03 / 16 / 2000 05 : 32 pm  to : shannon rodgers / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : resume of carla di castro  shannon ,  i realize that the program is full . if i find a group interested in her ,  would you consider re - inviting her ?  vince  shannon rodgers  03 / 16 / 2000 01 : 52 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume of carla di castro  vince ,  thank you for forwarding the resume of carla di castro . currently , our  summer associate internship program is full . i have responded to carla to  inform her of the program ' s status .  regards ,  shannon",0,resume carla di castro vince many associates place within business units thereafter additional hiring needs consider resume regards shannon vince j kaminski pm shannon rodgers hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject resume carla di castro shannon realize program full find group interested would consider inviting vince shannon rodgers pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject resume carla di castro vince thank forwarding resume carla di castro currently summer associate internship program full responded carla inform program status regards shannon
"Subject: re : grades  mr . kaminsky ,  i still need grades for :  israni , rakhi  lu , feng  planck , jeffrey  so , winny  taylor , orlando  wankhade , sanjay  zhang , ning  i will be available by e - mail this evening or by phone ( 5 : 30 or so ) at 713 - 668 - 1704 . i just called the registrar ' s office and if i bring in the grades by 8 : 30 tomorrow morning we will be fine . please advise .  thanks for your help . - pam  at 08 : 23 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  pam ,  the last group .  please , let me know if any name is missing .  ( embedded image moved to file : pic 25177 . pcx )  grade : a  thanks a lot . it was a pleasure working with you .  vince kaminski",0,grades mr kaminsky still need grades israni rakhi lu feng planck jeffrey winny taylor orlando wankhade sanjay zhang ning available e mail evening phone called registrar office bring grades tomorrow morning fine please advise thanks help pam vince j kaminski enron com wrote pam last group please let know name missing embedded image moved file pic pcx grade thanks lot pleasure working vince kaminski
"Subject: see page 1  best regards ,  jhherbert  - gd . pdf",0,see page best regards jhherbert gd pdf
"Subject: re : livelink  moyez ,  we are very anxious to get set up and start using livelink for tracking and  documenting our projects , so thanks for the reminder . i have put together  an initial list of attributes for our research projects . the list in in the  attached spreadsheet . it would be great if you can set up these attributes  for us in the test environment . this would allow us to make any obvious  changes before moving to production . let me know what your schedule would  be in rolling this out .  my brief comments in the spreadsheet may not be clear , so feel free to give  me a call at x 34748 to clarify anything .  again , thanks for your help .  stinson  enron technology  from : moyez lallani @ enron 01 / 31 / 2001 07 : 15 am  to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : n jessie wang / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : livelink  vasant / stinson  just following up to check on your progress / evaluation of livelink as your  document repositiry . please let me know if i can be of further assistance .  moyez lallani  x 5 - 3683",0,livelink moyez anxious get set start using livelink tracking documenting projects thanks reminder put together initial list attributes research projects list attached spreadsheet would great set attributes us test environment would allow us make obvious changes moving production let know schedule would rolling brief comments spreadsheet may clear feel free give call x clarify anything thanks help stinson enron technology moyez lallani enron vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc n jessie wang enron development enron development subject livelink vasant stinson following check progress evaluation livelink document repositiry please let know assistance moyez lallani x
"Subject: re : seeking intelligent insight  please . my only risk is potnetial embarrassment .  thanks ,  mark  vince j kaminski  08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 47 pm  to : mark lay / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : seeking intelligent insight  mark ,  i fully agree with you regarding general trends . i see great progress in  software  applications that facilitate the process and make it almost painless to the  end - user .  with you permission , i can show the material you sent me to my son , who  studies  computer science , and ask him for his view .  vince",0,seeking intelligent insight please risk potnetial embarrassment thanks mark vince j kaminski pm mark lay hou ect ect cc subject seeking intelligent insight mark fully agree regarding general trends see great progress software applications facilitate process make almost painless end user permission show material sent son studies computer science ask view vince
"Subject: outstanding opportunities for "" premier producers ""  for a confidential phone interview please complete form submit  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  area of interest :  full - time agent  sales manager  general agent  cpa partner  independent agent  we  don ' t want anybody to receive or mailing who does not wish to  receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance  professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply  to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,outstanding opportunities premier producers confidential phone interview please complete form submit name e mail phone city state area interest full time agent sales manager general agent cpa partner independent agent want anybody receive mailing wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: azuix deal valuation  bob ,  please find the price sample simulator , and run different scenarios with  different trend assumptions .  vince and stinson ,  bob and i will show you some results by the end of the day .  zimin",0,azuix deal valuation bob please find price sample simulator run different scenarios different trend assumptions vince stinson bob show results end day zimin
"Subject: re : agenda for thursday ' s meeting  hello all ,  i look forward to this meeting . since the time vince and i last spoke , we  have really gained some traction in this area of improving our relationships  with universities . i am going to take the liberty of inviting mike rosen to  the meeting . mike has done a great job on several relationship - based special  projects , and i ' d like to hear his thoughts as we develop the angles of this  initiative .  see you tomorrow ,  mark",0,agenda thursday meeting hello look forward meeting since time vince last spoke really gained traction area improving relationships universities going take liberty inviting mike rosen meeting mike done great job several relationship based special projects like hear thoughts develop angles initiative see tomorrow mark
"Subject: perfect visual solution for your business now  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visual imaqe  of your company by creatinq an outstandinq logo , presentabie stationery  items and professional website . these marketinq tools wiii siqnificantly  contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deal packages and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,perfect visual solution business working company image start visual identity key first good impression help take part buiiding positive visual imaqe company creatinq outstandinq logo presentabie stationery items professional website marketinq tools wiii siqnificantly contributeto success business take look work samples hot deal packages see offer work interested
"Subject: schedule  vince ,  my schedule for the risk 2001 conference in houston is :  arrive sunday 4 / 13 9 pm .  staying at the houstonian  depart tuesday 4 / 15 5 : 30 pm .  hopefully , we can get together .  thanks , aram ( cell phone 503 - 701 - 6692 )",0,schedule vince schedule risk conference houston arrive sunday pm staying houstonian depart tuesday pm hopefully get together thanks aram cell phone
"Subject: re : interviews  vince ,  no problem , i know hr can slow the process down .  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  phone # : 212 - 704 - 0596  fax # : 212 - 704 - 4312  marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  www . robertwalters . com  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : friday , april 06 , 2001 5 : 50 pm  > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > subject : re : interviews  >  >  > marshall ,  >  > sorry for a delay in responding to you .  > my hr people were asked to get in touch with you re  > the candidates .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > marshall brown on 03 / 27 / 2001 02 : 36 : 12  > pm  >  > to : "" ' vince kaminski ' ""  > cc :  > subject : interviews  >  >  > vince ,  > i had two candidates speak with zamin lu on 3 / 14 / 01 and 3 / 16 / 01 .  > ( renshi zhang and bill koures respectively ) . i know you were in london  > last  > week . if you could please give me some feedback ( either positive or  > negative ) as soon as possible , i would appreciate it .  > regards ,  >  > marshall brown  > vice president  > robert walters associates  > phone : 212 - 704 - 0596  > fax : 212 - 704 - 4312  > marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  >  >  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  > be intercepted by a third party .  >  > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  > the system manager .  >  > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  >  >",0,interviews vince problem know hr slow process marshall brown vice president robert walters associates phone fax marshall brown robertwalters com www robertwalters com original message vince j kaminski enron com smtp vince j kaminski enron com sent friday april pm marshall brown robertwalters com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject interviews marshall sorry delay responding hr people asked get touch candidates vince marshall brown pm vince kaminski cc subject interviews vince two candidates speak zamin lu renshi zhang bill koures respectively know london last week could please give feedback either positive negative soon possible would appreciate regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates phone fax marshall brown robertwalters com caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses
"Subject: re : stressing correlations  hi , everybody ,  following up on our discussions on stressing correlations i made a  spreadsheet and a dll .  here is what it does :  in the input ( "" main "" sheet ) the user has to specify :  - the size of the correlation matrix ;  - the row and column for the element he wants to stress ( row = 1 and col = 3 in  the example )  - the integer number n _ iter ;  - the original correlation matrix .  in the output ( see sheet "" results "" ) we see 2 columns :  - the first column contains possible correlation values ( from - 1 to 1 ,  n _ iter + 1 numbers ) for the element ( 1 , 3 ) ,  - the second column contains the smallest eigenvalue for the "" stressed ""  correlation matrix  ( which is the same as the original matrix except the elements ( 1 , 3 ) and ( 3 , 1 )  which take values from - 1 to 1 ) .  thus , the user can see which values for the chosen element ( 1 , 3 ) are  permitted  ( those for which the smallest eigenvalue is positive ( marked green in the  example ) .  the user might decide that he wants to assign the correlation which is "" not  permitted "" to this particular element  ( the smallest eigenvalue is negative ) . then the user might have a few options :  1 . all the elements of the correlation matrix will be modified so that the  chosen element has the  desired correlation in it , but the change in the correlation matrix is the  "" smallest "" possible  ( in the sense of matrix norm ) ( this is my next step to do for this  spreadsheet ) .  2 . just one column ( and the corresponding row , of course ) will change , while  the rest of the matrix  will stay unchanged ( kevin ' s suggestion ) . in this case the user have to  choose which column ( and row )  he prefers to modify ( in my example - column - row 1 or column - row 3 ) .  we can discuss this approach with risk control and see how they like it . i  send you only the spreadsheet with an example now .  tanya .",0,stressing correlations hi everybody following discussions stressing correlations made spreadsheet dll input main sheet user specify size correlation matrix row column element wants stress row col example integer number n iter original correlation matrix output see sheet results see columns first column contains possible correlation values n iter numbers element second column contains smallest eigenvalue stressed correlation matrix original matrix except elements take values thus user see values chosen element permitted smallest eigenvalue positive marked green example user might decide wants assign correlation permitted particular element smallest eigenvalue negative user might options elements correlation matrix modified chosen element desired correlation change correlation matrix smallest possible sense matrix norm next step spreadsheet one column corresponding row course change rest matrix stay unchanged kevin suggestion case user choose column row prefers modify example column row column row discuss approach risk control see like send spreadsheet example tanya
"Subject: re : stinson vacation plans  stinson ,  no problem .  vince  stinson gibner  03 / 31 / 2000 05 : 28 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : stinson vacation plans  vince ,  i would like to plan on taking 6 days of vacation on june 2 through june 9 th .  thanks ,  - - stinson",0,stinson vacation plans stinson problem vince stinson gibner pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject stinson vacation plans vince would like plan taking days vacation june june th thanks stinson
"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is stronq enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miiiions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1,ready get hello viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction like one jokes sais stronq enough man made woman orderinq viaqra oniine convinient fast secure way miiiions peopie daiiy save privacy money order
"Subject: pjm / ftrs ' meeting this thursday 6 / 8  ftr team ,  the pre - bid meeting arrangements are as follows :  location : eb 3125 a  date : 6 / 8 ( thursday )  time : 8 : 30 am to 2 : 00 pm cdt  breakfast : provided  lunch : sandwiches  thanks .",0,pjm ftrs meeting thursday ftr team pre bid meeting arrangements follows location eb date thursday time pm cdt breakfast provided lunch sandwiches thanks
"Subject: li sun  i ' ve asked vince to get involved with you about getting li into vince ' s  group . this issue needs to be resolved by week ' s end - - we look like we don ' t  have our act together , and that bothers me . especially since we are about to  make a significant monetary investment at wharton , and we could have a new  wharton recruit disgruntled .  vince , can you set up a meeting with you , me and mark palmer to follow up  with our meeting with skilling ? thanks very much . . .  jeff",0,li sun asked vince get involved getting li vince group issue needs resolved week end look like act together bothers especially since make significant monetary investment wharton could new wharton recruit disgruntled vince set meeting mark palmer follow meeting skilling thanks much jeff
"Subject: software license  vince ( ii ) d - g is unable to provide effective technical support ; or ( iii )  if d - g agrees to release it sooner .  before i have our attorney add these things to the agreement , we need to  discuss the escrow situation . vince mentioned that you had suggested that  your attorney keep the software in escrow . is your attorney a u . s .  attorney ? it seems like i may have recalled that way back in march you might  have said you had a friend or relative that was an attorney . is that the  same person ? does this attorney work for a large firm , small firm , or solo  practitioner ? basically , if you could just provides some additional  information about your attorney , i would appreciate it .  we normally would use an escrow company to put the software in escrow . we  have dealt with a company here in the u . s . called dsi technology . i will  check into that pending your answer regarding your attorney .  once we decide what we want to do regarding placing the software in escrow ,  we will red - line the agreement to reflect such changes and e - mail it back to  you for your review .  i look forward to hearing from you .  karla feldman  enron corp .  contract administration  ( 713 ) 646 - 7554",0,software license vince ii g unable provide effective technical support iii g agrees release sooner attorney add things agreement need discuss escrow situation vince mentioned suggested attorney keep software escrow attorney u attorney seems like may recalled way back march might said friend relative attorney person attorney work large firm small firm solo practitioner basically could provides additional information attorney would appreciate normally would use escrow company put software escrow dealt company u called dsi technology check pending answer regarding attorney decide want regarding placing software escrow red line agreement reflect changes e mail back review look forward hearing karla feldman enron corp contract administration
"Subject: re : follow - up on siam workshop  thanks for forwarding peter ' s resume . by copy of this memo i am forwarding  peter ' s resume to danny mccarty and phil lowry . danny and phil : please  follow - up with vince if you have an interest in meeting with peter . he seems  to be a very qualified candidate .  vince j kaminski @ ect  04 / 30 / 2001 02 : 28 pm  to : stanley horton / corp / enron @ enron , danny mccarty / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : follow - up on siam workshop  i am forwarding for your attention the resume of peter percell  who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows  of natural gas in pipeline systems . peter is looking currently for a job .  i met him last week at the meeting of the science and industry advance with  mathematics  society at the university of houston .  the application of recent developments in optimization theory  and numerical methods can help enron to improve further  efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor  fuel .  please , let me know if you interested in introducing peter to executives  in your organization . i shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview .  vince kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001  02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  peter percell on 04 / 30 / 2001 11 : 16 : 58 am  to : vincent kaminski  cc :  subject : follow - up on siam workshop  i enjoyed your presentation , and meeting you briefly afterwards , at the  siam workshop last friday .  i have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and  development of modeling and simulation software products , mostly  for the oil and gas pipeline industry .  i am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and  mathematical skills . getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline  simulation industry would be a plus .  please consider whether i might fit in your group . your answer to a  question indicated that i have several of the skills you look for .  also , please let me know , by email , the names and contact information of  other managers within enron who might benefit from having someone with  my qualifications in their group .  attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting  experience . publications are available on request .  i will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email .  thank you for your time .  peter percell 10030 doliver drive  percell @ swbell . net houston , tx 77042 - 2016  ( 713 ) 532 - 3836 voice & fax  - percell , peter resume only . doc  - percell , peter a & c exp . doc",0,follow siam workshop thanks forwarding peter resume copy memo forwarding peter resume danny mccarty phil lowry danny phil please follow vince interest meeting peter seems qualified candidate vince j kaminski ect pm stanley horton corp enron enron danny mccarty et enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject follow siam workshop forwarding attention resume peter percell extensive experience modeling physical flows natural gas pipeline systems peter looking currently job met last week meeting science industry advance mathematics society university houston application recent developments optimization theory numerical methods help enron improve efficiency pipeline system reduce consumption compressor fuel please let know interested introducing peter executives organization shall glad make arrangements interview vince kaminski forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm peter percell vincent kaminski cc subject follow siam workshop enjoyed presentation meeting briefly afterwards siam workshop last friday extensive experience technical leader design development modeling simulation software products mostly oil gas pipeline industry looking position utilize software development mathematical skills getting narrow confines pipeline simulation industry would plus please consider whether might fit group answer question indicated several skills look also please let know email names contact information managers within enron might benefit someone qualifications group attached resume addendum covering academic consulting experience publications available request call couple days follow email thank time peter percell doliver drive percell swbell net houston tx voice fax percell peter resume doc percell peter c exp doc
"Subject: steve leppard  hi vince ,  hr is working on a mid - year salary review for london people that have a  noticeable gap between their compensation at enron and what we would have to  pay in the market for a replacement . they highlighted steve as someone with  a potential gap - particularly in light of what we ' re seeing in our quant  recruiting effort for credit trading and research .  i ' d like your opinion on the best way to make sure we keep steve happy and  keep him at enron . there are several things i see we can do :  1 ) give him a mid - year pay increase to move him closer to market . i ' m not  sure this is the best way to go , especially if we only offer him a token  salary increase .  2 ) offer him more responsibility : what are your thoughts on timing for  making steve the official head of the london research team ? with my move to  ebs , should we accelerate this ? i think this is good way to keep him happy  and motivated , and then follow up with a more meaningful salary review at  year - end ( as part of the regular process ) that takes into account his greater  responsibility .  3 ) we have some people that we ' re trying to get under long - term ( 3 - yr )  contract with a 12 - month notice clause . obviously anyone signing one of  these will want significant up - front compensation for being handcuffed .  we ' ve not had a lot of success with these here in london , and i would prefer  to keep steve happy so he wants to stay with enron rather than contractually  binding him to the job .  i ' d value your thoughts on this .  thanks ,  dale",0,steve leppard hi vince hr working mid year salary review london people noticeable gap compensation enron would pay market replacement highlighted steve someone potential gap particularly light seeing quant recruiting effort credit trading research like opinion best way make sure keep steve happy keep enron several things see give mid year pay increase move closer market sure best way go especially offer token salary increase offer responsibility thoughts timing making steve official head london research team move ebs accelerate think good way keep happy motivated follow meaningful salary review year end part regular process takes account greater responsibility people trying get long term yr contract month notice clause obviously anyone signing one want significant front compensation handcuffed lot success london would prefer keep steve happy wants stay enron rather contractually binding job value thoughts thanks dale
"Subject: prc review  stinson ,  i am going to do the prc review for bob and paulo .  if your time permits , please join me for these two meetings .  bob : 9 : 00 am  paulo : 10 : 00 am  i attended the prc training , they suggested letting employees  read their review before the meeting . so i did that . here are the  two files attached .  zimin",0,prc review stinson going prc review bob paulo time permits please join two meetings bob paulo attended prc training suggested letting employees read review meeting two files attached zimin
"Subject: nelson nele interview  vice :  i interviewed nelson last week . here is my feedback :  1 ) very communicative  2 ) good professional experience - works as a consultant  3 ) good quantitative background  he lacks a background in finance , which may be a minus for a position in the  group . i beleive he may be valuable for other areas that deal with emissions  and pollutants .  paulo issler",0,nelson nele interview vice interviewed nelson last week feedback communicative good professional experience works consultant good quantitative background lacks background finance may minus position group beleive may valuable areas deal emissions pollutants paulo issler
"Subject: re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit  hi professor ronn :  i have ordered a flip chart and markers and an overhead projector .  there were 11 pages in your presentation and they look fine . we have  already made the copies .  i believe everything is set - if you think of anything else , please let me  know .  enjoy your dinner tonight and we will see you tomorrow .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 06 / 21 / 2000 02 : 03 : 03 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit  shirley :  > please let me know if you need  > anything else .  there is one additional item i would request : if the room does not contain  a blackboard or whiteboard , i would appreciate a flip chart and markers .  i am faxing you my presentation handout for tomorrow . i would be grateful  if your produced copies in sufficient number for tomorrow ' s 11 : 30 a . m .  meeting ; vince advises me the number of attendees will be in the 25 - 30  range . i will also bring along a "" master copy "" in case the trasmission  unduly mangles the fax .  thanks ,  ehud  ehud i . ronn  department of finance  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,prospective houston visit hi professor ronn ordered flip chart markers overhead projector pages presentation look fine already made copies believe everything set think anything else please let know enjoy dinner tonight see tomorrow regards shirley crenshaw ehud ronn pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject prospective houston visit shirley please let know need anything else one additional item would request room contain blackboard whiteboard would appreciate flip chart markers faxing presentation handout tomorrow would grateful produced copies sufficient number tomorrow meeting vince advises number attendees range also bring along master copy case trasmission unduly mangles fax thanks ehud ehud ronn department finance mccombs school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: get the software you need , now !  save up to 40 % on popular software bundles !  last words are for people who haven ' t said anything in life .  human nature constitutes a part of the evidence in every case .",1,get software need save popular software bundles last words people said anything life human nature constitutes part evidence every case
"Subject: meeting with petronas  rick ,  i was contacted by petronas who requested a meeting  with enron on risk management . i have met with them  a few years ago and they want to discuss with us  their progress implementing risk management practices .  can we arrange for them a standard presentation , like the one we have for  banks  ( you or david port , bill bradford , research ) ?  unfortunately , they gave us no choice as far as the timing is concerned  ( given a very tight schedule ) . they want to visit on thursday , feb . 8 ,  at 10 a . m . i shall take them out to lunch after the meeting .  i shall also contact jeff shankman and john nowlan  to arrange a short courtesy meeting with them .  vince",0,meeting petronas rick contacted petronas requested meeting enron risk management met years ago want discuss us progress implementing risk management practices arrange standard presentation like one banks david port bill bradford research unfortunately gave us choice far timing concerned given tight schedule want visit thursday feb shall take lunch meeting shall also contact jeff shankman john nowlan arrange short courtesy meeting vince
"Subject: risk article  fyi .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001  09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ben parsons  01 / 23 / 2001 08 : 51 am  to : nigel price / lon / ect @ ect , george albanis / lon / ect @ ect , markus  fiala / lon / ect @ ect , jean - sebastien fontaine / corp / enron @ enron , katherine  siig / eu / enron @ enron , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , ilan hershkovitz / lon / ect @ ect , greg  hedger / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , simon  brooks / lon / ect @ ect  cc : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  subject : risk article  everyone should read the attached risk article about calculating def probs  from cds quotes .  amazingly it is in pretty close agreement with our own methodology for both  cds valuation and reverse engineering def probs . the only extension in the  reverse engineering is that instead of linearly interpolating cds quotes ,  they propose minimising an error measure based on ' smoothness ' of def prob  curve and difference between model and market prices .  what is also amazing is the fact that this article has been published in  risk , given that it is essentially the same as my credit pricing paper , plus  one excellent idea . given extra time , resources and brainpower , there is no  reason why we shouldn ' t have similar work published ourselves .  ben  ( thanks steve for pointing this article out )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ben parsons / lon / ect on 23 / 01 / 2001 14 : 40  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  london fax system 2  23 / 01 / 2001 14 : 09  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : new fax received ( likely sender : + 44 20 7783 8076 ) .  you have received a new fax from + 44 20 7783 8076  the image contains 3 page ( s ) .",0,risk article fyi forwarded vasant shanbhogue hou ect ben parsons nigel price lon ect ect george albanis lon ect ect markus fiala lon ect ect jean sebastien fontaine corp enron enron katherine siig eu enron enron amitava dhar corp enron enron vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect ilan hershkovitz lon ect ect greg hedger lon ect ect david wall risk mgmt lon ect ect simon brooks lon ect ect cc bryan seyfried lon ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect subject risk article everyone read attached risk article calculating def probs cds quotes amazingly pretty close agreement methodology cds valuation reverse engineering def probs extension reverse engineering instead linearly interpolating cds quotes propose minimising error measure based smoothness def prob curve difference model market prices also amazing fact article published risk given essentially credit pricing paper plus one excellent idea given extra time resources brainpower reason similar work published ben thanks steve pointing article forwarded ben parsons lon ect london fax system ben parsons lon ect ect cc subject new fax received likely sender received new fax image contains page
"Subject: understanding and applying financial mathematics  hello -  this email is a reconfirmation that you have received the speaker package i  have sent you last month regarding the above titled training course . if you  have not received it , please contact me asap and i will send you all the  information needed for the training . also , please remember to hand in the  following :  your biographical details  speaker checklist  copy of your presentation for our documentation printed materials ( please  keep in mind that you will need to bring your presentation with you at the  training , as we will not have it pre - downloaded ) .  please keep in mind the deadline of july 27 and please call or email me with  any questions you have .  ?  regards ,  amy lamonsoff  training coordinator  ?  t ( 212 ) 925 - 1864 xl 48  f ( 212 ) 925 - 7585  alamonsoff @ watersinfo . com  ?  risk waters group  270 lafayette street , suite 700  new york , ny 10012",0,understanding applying financial mathematics hello email reconfirmation received speaker package sent last month regarding titled training course received please contact asap send information needed training also please remember hand following biographical details speaker checklist copy presentation documentation printed materials please keep mind need bring presentation training pre downloaded please keep mind deadline july please call email questions regards amy lamonsoff training coordinator xl f alamonsoff watersinfo com risk waters group lafayette street suite new york ny
"Subject: re : cairn gas purchase bid  vince - - shades of cuiba  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 08 / 15 / 2000 07 : 53 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : doug leach on 08 / 15 / 2000 07 : 52 am  to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby  subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid  you spoke to me once and i gave you my opinions which were contrary to your  resultant offer to cairn . currently , i have better things to do with my time .  douglas s parsons @ enron _ development  08 / 15 / 2000 12 : 10 am  to : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect  cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby  subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid  i talked to vince after we hung up and his only suggestion was to call  sandeep kohli . i spoke with marc and yourself four times on this matter over  a 3 day period and given the timing , i put forth a non - binding offer , after  discussing it further with bobby , based on the information i had that appears  to position us close to our competitors offers . we haven ' t committed  ourselves and should we be selected for negotiations there are numerous  variables to affect the outcome . if you ' ve got any suggestions for a better  deal , please advise .  doug leach @ ect  08 / 14 / 2000 07 : 45 am  to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby  subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid  i strongly disagree with the pricing and structure of your non - binding offer  to cairn . this reminds me of the debacle in brazil . you should have contacted  vince kaminski ' s research group as we talked about before an offer was made .  this is a bad deal .  douglas s parsons @ enron _ development  08 / 12 / 2000 01 : 51 am  to : doug leach @ ect , marc de la roche @ ect  cc :  subject : cairn gas purchase bid  doug & marc ,  fyi , please let me know if you think we ' re totally off base . i appreciate  your help .  regards ,  doug  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by douglas s parsons / enron _ development on  08 / 12 / 2000 01 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  douglas s parsons  08 / 11 / 2000 06 : 24 am  to : bobby farris / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : f b virani / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ujjwal  dey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , nilesh  subject : cairn gas purchase bid  bobby ,  after meeting with cairn today in delhi , my perception is that our offer was  received well . they were more open and relaxed then they were on wed .  morning and made several encouraging comments about our price range , ( once we  talked through the price movements ) , and the seriousness of our gas related  activities on the west coast of india , in light of the ioc agreement . i  think the overall package is attractive to them and no serious objections  were raised . we did talk to some extent about the guarantees , but we didn ' t  get too far and they ' re willing to accept at this point that what ' s  acceptable to the lng suppliers , should be suitable for their needs .  however , they would like to understand the corporate structure and assets of  enron energy marketing a little better and i told them i would get back to  them on that point .  david and ajay were up in hazira yesterday looking at some property for their  gas treatment facility , which apparently is across the road from pipeline  access . while there they went and looked at shell ' s proposed lng site after  walking the last 1 km , inaccessible to their 4 wd vehicle and not surprisingly  found a beach .  in summary , here is what we offered on a non - binding basis :  six year production plateau  85 % top  $ 3 . 67 / mmbtu net , at a base of $ 18 / bbl brent , with point of sale at the  tail - end of the gas processing plant  floor & cap of $ 15 . 50 - $ 27 . 00 / bbl  price movement : + / - $ 1 . 00 / bbl from the $ 18 / bbl base price ( on a 3 mo .  rolling average ) equals + / - $ 0 . 145 / mmbtu fixed on a quarterly basis  guarantees : same protection we ' re providing the lng suppliers under the  trust retention account  i appreciate everyone ' s help in submitting this offer .  thanks ,  doug",0,cairn gas purchase bid vince shades cuiba forwarded doug leach hou ect doug leach douglas parsons enron development enron development cc marc de la roche hou ect ect bobby subject cairn gas purchase bid spoke gave opinions contrary resultant offer cairn currently better things time douglas parsons enron development doug leach hou ect ect cc marc de la roche hou ect ect bobby subject cairn gas purchase bid talked vince hung suggestion call sandeep kohli spoke marc four times matter day period given timing put forth non binding offer discussing bobby based information appears position us close competitors offers committed selected negotiations numerous variables affect outcome got suggestions better deal please advise doug leach ect douglas parsons enron development enron development cc marc de la roche hou ect ect bobby subject cairn gas purchase bid strongly disagree pricing structure non binding offer cairn reminds debacle brazil contacted vince kaminski research group talked offer made bad deal douglas parsons enron development doug leach ect marc de la roche ect cc subject cairn gas purchase bid doug marc fyi please let know think totally base appreciate help regards doug forwarded douglas parsons enron development douglas parsons bobby farris enron development enron development cc f b virani enron development enron development ujjwal dey enron development enron development nilesh subject cairn gas purchase bid bobby meeting cairn today delhi perception offer received well open relaxed wed morning made several encouraging comments price range talked price movements seriousness gas related activities west coast india light ioc agreement think overall package attractive serious objections raised talk extent guarantees get far willing accept point acceptable lng suppliers suitable needs however would like understand corporate structure assets enron energy marketing little better told would get back point david ajay hazira yesterday looking property gas treatment facility apparently across road pipeline access went looked shell proposed lng site walking last km inaccessible wd vehicle surprisingly found beach summary offered non binding basis six year production plateau top mmbtu net base bbl brent point sale tail end gas processing plant floor cap bbl price movement bbl bbl base price mo rolling average equals mmbtu fixed quarterly basis guarantees protection providing lng suppliers trust retention account appreciate everyone help submitting offer thanks doug
Subject: approval is overdue : access request for mark . breese @ enron . com  this request has been pending approval for 2 days and you are the  alternate . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000005820  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 10 / 26 / 00 2 : 27 : 45 pm  requested for : mark . breese @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory,0,approval overdue access request mark breese enron com request pending approval days alternate please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date pm requested mark breese enron com resource name enehou houston common research read write resource type directory
"Subject: timesheets  hello all :  i am afraid i did not allow enough time to do the time sheets by asking for  them by the 15 th and 31 st . i really need these sheets by the 13 th and 28 th  of each month as it takes a good half day to enter all the new times in the  time sheets .  i am resending this , because as of now i have received very few timesheets  and i really need to start imputting the time .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 07 / 12 / 2000  11 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  07 / 11 / 2000 03 : 12 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect ,  tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , alexios  kollaros / hou / ees @ ees , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect ,  osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , patricia  tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , farouk lalji / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron ,  alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g  moore / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , william  smith / corp / enron @ enron , yanna crystal / corp / enron @ enron , jose  marquez / corp / enron @ enron , samer takriti / corp / enron @ enron , chonawee  supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect , tom  halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , cantekin  dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , brad aimone / na / enron @ enron , datren  williams / na / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , sofya  tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , ainsley  gaddis / na / enron @ enron , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron , guiseppe  paleologo / na / enron @ enron , hector campos / hou / ect @ ect , anita  dupont / na / enron @ enron , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , v charles  weldon / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : timesheets  hello everyone :  well it is almost that time again ! i am going to try something different . i  am  forwarding you the time sheet by email . save the document to whatever  drive you want to and then fill out any off duty time or overtime that you  had  and return to me by email . i will need this by the 15 and 30 ( or 31 st ) of  each  month .  this may work better than hand delivering .  let me know what you think .",0,timesheets hello afraid allow enough time time sheets asking th st really need sheets th th month takes good half day enter new times time sheets resending received timesheets really need start imputting time thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect alexios kollaros hou ees ees martin lin hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect osman sezgen hou ees ees paulo issler hou ect ect patricia tlapek hou ect ect farouk lalji hou ect ect amitava dhar corp enron enron alex huang corp enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron kevin g moore hou ect ect clayton vernon corp enron enron william smith corp enron enron yanna crystal corp enron enron jose marquez corp enron enron samer takriti corp enron enron chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron shalesh ganjoo hou ect ect tom halliburton corp enron enron elena chilkina corp enron enron cantekin dincerler hou ect ect brad aimone na enron enron datren williams na enron enron sevil yaman corp enron enron sofya tamarchenko na enron enron bob lee na enron enron ainsley gaddis na enron enron gwyn koepke na enron enron guiseppe paleologo na enron enron hector campos hou ect ect anita dupont na enron enron youyi feng na enron enron v charles weldon hou ect ect cc subject timesheets hello everyone well almost time going try something different forwarding time sheet email save document whatever drive want fill duty time overtime return email need st month may work better hand delivering let know think
"Subject: michael catanese  vince ,  mr . catanese is not ready yet . his statistics is rusty , and he only finishes  11 chapters of john hull ( 18 chapters are minimal  to be serious ) .  zimin",0,michael catanese vince mr catanese ready yet statistics rusty finishes chapters john hull chapters minimal serious zimin
"Subject: research group  hello norma :  in answer to your phone message i am sending you the following information .  there is one thing you probably need to be aware of . on the research  list , elena chilkina is shown as an analyst p / t , however , in the records she  is shown as an "" adm coord "" . this was done so that she could be considered  non - exempt and receive overtime . however , her actual job is an analyst .  also , roman zadarozhny is an analyst that rotated out of our group 6 months  ago , but was never moved to the new group . he is now up for rotation again  and vince said that we will just keep him until he finds a new rotation .  if you have any questions , please call me .",0,research group hello norma answer phone message sending following information one thing probably need aware research list elena chilkina shown analyst p however records shown adm coord done could considered non exempt receive overtime however actual job analyst also roman zadarozhny analyst rotated group months ago never moved new group rotation vince said keep finds new rotation questions please call
"Subject: energy finance critiques  david ,  here are the reviews of the ut energy finance program that you requested :  from jennifer martinez ( mba class of 1999 , energy finance taken fall of  1998 ) :  the energy finance program 2 years ago was very good , especially considering  it was the first year of the program . there were a lot of guest speakers  from various energy companies who gave us a lot of practical knowledge about  the energy industry through case studies , lectures , etc . basically , we  learned all the same finance concepts and tools as in the regular finance  classes , but all the cases and examples were energy - related . the professors  were good for the most part but didn ' t have a great deal of practical  industry experience . if i had to guess the reason for decreased  participation in the program , i would probably say it is the professors .  ronn and titman are great but known as being very technical and  quantitative . some students prefer less technical professors and classes  that aren ' t limiting to the energy industry . also , the fact that the class  meets for 3 hours twice a week may not be so appealing . other than those  things , i can ' t imagine why there has been such a drop in enrollment . i  especially don ' t understand why every single person didn ' t drop for enron . i  wonder if it has something to do with international status . ? ? ?  from john massey ( mba class of 1999 , energy finance taken fall of 1998 ) :  bottom line -  ut business schools is great - investment fund - best activity available to  students  energy finance program - fairly weak -  it was a watered down version of the futures options class crossed with a  weak finance appendage -  the finance teacher was pathetic - both a poor teacher , ignorant about  industry specific analysis , devoid of industry experience , rude to outside  lectures ( from industry )  keith brown was the only educator that was any good and he only had a small  portion of the class time -  way to make better :  get teachers with practical industry experience -  make it a seminar class - focus on case studies , lectures - given by people  from industry -  promote the class within the business school - i felt like ut did a poor job  of internally ( to students ) promoting the class -  - - - - - - - - - - -  from ross mesquita ( mba class of 1999 , energy finance taken fall of 1998 ) :  to be honest , a great majority of the coursework was not energy specific .  when energy applications were presented , it seemed more like general finance  questions were reworded to include energy lingo . we had some very good  speakers , but for the most part , i did not feel like the 6 hours of class had  enough energy focus . i assumed that this would get better as the program  progressed .  one reason that may account for the decline in enrollment is that energy  finance is a very specific focus . i would have probably not enrolled in the  energy finance program had it been available in my first year . i did not  know enough about energy at that time and i had returned to b - school to  consider several career options - - i . e . , investment banking , corporate  finance , entrepreneurship , marketing , etc . as a new mba student , i would not  want to narrow my window of opportunities to only energy companies .  here is my perspective and probably something that is true of many mbas - -  my interest in enron brought me to the energy industry and not vice versa .  - - - - - - - - - -  from billy braddock ( mba class of 1999 , energy finance taken fall of 1998 ) :  i was a participant in the inaugural energy finance program in the fall of  1998 . the primary positives to the class revolved around outside  panels / instruction . for example , enron sent representatives on 2 separate  occasions to discuss particular topics ( vince kaminski and gary hickerson ) .  other notable speakers were jeff sandefer ( independent business consultant  and e & p professional ) , the beacon group , and encap investments . another good  speaker was a professor from ut ' s school of engineering . he brought a good  perspective as to the "" basics "" of the energy business .  the class was structured via a team - based instruction approach , with 3  professors team - teaching a 6 - hour credit course . none of the 3 professors  had any product knowledge of the energy business . of the 3 professors , 2  were research focussed / tenured with little credibility in "" teaching . "" one of  the professors primary focus of research was fixed income , while the other 2  were investments and corporate finance , respectively .  as is the case for ut ' s finance program in general , and energy finance in  particular , ut is in dire need of teaching professors ( as opposed to research  professors ) that have the ability to convey finance with practical examples  and at a level that can be more easily be understood by students without a  finance background . particular to the energy program , ut needs to have more  instruction from energy professionals ( such as the instructors used for  enron ' s internal learning programs ( ie . derivatives classes , etc . ) .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from bryan williams ( mba class of 1999 , energy finance taken fall of 1998 ) :  i participated in the first energy finance class offered in fall of 1998 , at  the university of texas .  the curriculum was understandably  & rough around the edges  8 as 1998 was the  first year the energy finance course was offered . however , the instruction  also suffered as none of the instructors had any energy background to speak  of ( the 6 - credit hour class was team taught by three tenured professors ) .  two of the three professors have co - authored textbooks , and the third  professor  , s claim to fame is fixed income . as a group , the three professors  are research - heavy ( as opposed to industry focused ) , and the team - teaching  format did not incent any one of the profs to be personably accountable for  the success of the class .  that said , the instructors did a good job attracting some top notch outside  speakers . among them : vince  kaminski & gary hickerson , both of enron . they also dedicated one class  period to a video conference call with the beacon group , an energy consulting  group that i believe was recently acquired by goldman .  jeff sandefer , an independent businessman , an entreprenuership instructor ,  and one of the foremost experts in the e  - there are some experienced , brand - name professors ( e . g . sheridan titman )  teaching in the program ;  cons :  - the program should give the students more exposures to energy companies  such as enron . specifically , it might need to help students link to the  interview oppurtunites from these energy companies such as enron ;  from george huan ( mba class of 2000 , energy finance taken fall of 1999 ) :  companies expect mba students to have both general management ( new ideas ) and  analytic ( quantative ) skills . energy industry is no exception .  energy finance program offers financial strategy and risk managements courses  which fit in the insudtry need . however , these two courses are far from  enough to help students understand the dynemic of industrial transformation  and excitements and opportunities in this industry . other management and  quantitive courses are needed to complete this program .  my suggestions :  1 ) seminars or lectures about energy industry and energy companies . before  students make their decisions , let them know : what ' s happening and what ' s  going to happen in this industry ; what the companies are doing now ; who  they are looking for .  2 ) management and / or analytical courses should be included . such as :  strategy , financial enginering and real option .  3 ) more industry connections . presentations and discussions .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from charlie weldon ( mba class of 2000 , energy finance taken in fall of 1999 )  my experience in the energy finance program overall was a positive  experience . the most rewarding part of the class was the guest speakers  brought in during dr . titman ' s portion of the class . this part of the course  is taught in the second half of the semester and consisted of ~ 10 case  classes all focusing on the energy industry . two of the cases were based on  enron , and overall the case selection in my opinion was very appropriate and  well thought out . value added by the professor was less than from the  speakers and cases .  the first eight weeks of the course covered futures and options . nearly all  of the examples and problems discussed pertained directly to the energy  industry and special emphasis was placed on increasing the student ' s  understanding of the supply and demand dynamics in the power market . the use  of options and futures for speculating and / or hedging was stressed on  numerous occasions and a decent attempt at explaining how to value a power  plant project .  i believe that the university energy finance faculty are trying to  continuously make improvements to the program . however , i do not believe  that they are moving fast enough or necessarily down the right path to  improvement . there is a strong need for more practical based training on  energy derivatives similar to the course taught by paradigm here at enron .  the focus of the university teachers is quite theoretical , due in large part  to their background . while the theoretical basis is crucial to understanding  the basics , the real value of such a program in my opinion is the effective  bridging of the theoretical with the practical all in one course .  until measures are taken to inject practicality from someone with extensive  industry experience , i believe the energy finance program will continue to  underdeliver on its objectives . additionally , i believe that the course  structure should be changed to eliminate the need of having 3 consecutive  hours of classroom instruction .",0,energy finance critiques david reviews ut energy finance program requested jennifer martinez mba class energy finance taken fall energy finance program years ago good especially considering first year program lot guest speakers various energy companies gave us lot practical knowledge energy industry case studies lectures etc basically learned finance concepts tools regular finance classes cases examples energy related professors good part great deal practical industry experience guess reason decreased participation program would probably say professors ronn titman great known technical quantitative students prefer less technical professors classes limiting energy industry also fact class meets hours twice week may appealing things imagine drop enrollment especially understand every single person drop enron wonder something international status john massey mba class energy finance taken fall bottom line ut business schools great investment fund best activity available students energy finance program fairly weak watered version futures options class crossed weak finance appendage finance teacher pathetic poor teacher ignorant industry specific analysis devoid industry experience rude outside lectures industry keith brown educator good small portion class time way make better get teachers practical industry experience make seminar class focus case studies lectures given people industry promote class within business school felt like ut poor job internally students promoting class ross mesquita mba class energy finance taken fall honest great majority coursework energy specific energy applications presented seemed like general finance questions reworded include energy lingo good speakers part feel like hours class enough energy focus assumed would get better program progressed one reason may account decline enrollment energy finance specific focus would probably enrolled energy finance program available first year know enough energy time returned b school consider several career options e investment banking corporate finance entrepreneurship marketing etc new mba student would want narrow window opportunities energy companies perspective probably something true many mbas interest enron brought energy industry vice versa billy braddock mba class energy finance taken fall participant inaugural energy finance program fall primary positives class revolved around outside panels instruction example enron sent representatives separate occasions discuss particular topics vince kaminski gary hickerson notable speakers jeff sandefer independent business consultant e p professional beacon group encap investments another good speaker professor ut school engineering brought good perspective basics energy business class structured via team based instruction approach professors team teaching hour credit course none professors product knowledge energy business professors research focussed tenured little credibility teaching one professors primary focus research fixed income investments corporate finance respectively case ut finance program general energy finance particular ut dire need teaching professors opposed research professors ability convey finance practical examples level easily understood students without finance background particular energy program ut needs instruction energy professionals instructors used enron internal learning programs ie derivatives classes etc bryan williams mba class energy finance taken fall participated first energy finance class offered fall university texas curriculum understandably rough around edges first year energy finance course offered however instruction also suffered none instructors energy background speak credit hour class team taught three tenured professors two three professors co authored textbooks third professor claim fame fixed income group three professors research heavy opposed industry focused team teaching format incent one profs personably accountable success class said instructors good job attracting top notch outside speakers among vince kaminski gary hickerson enron also dedicated one class period video conference call beacon group energy consulting group believe recently acquired goldman jeff sandefer independent businessman entreprenuership instructor one foremost experts e experienced brand name professors e g sheridan titman teaching program cons program give students exposures energy companies enron specifically might need help students link interview oppurtunites energy companies enron george huan mba class energy finance taken fall companies expect mba students general management new ideas analytic quantative skills energy industry exception energy finance program offers financial strategy risk managements courses fit insudtry need however two courses far enough help students understand dynemic industrial transformation excitements opportunities industry management quantitive courses needed complete program suggestions seminars lectures energy industry energy companies students make decisions let know happening going happen industry companies looking management analytical courses included strategy financial enginering real option industry connections presentations discussions charlie weldon mba class energy finance taken fall experience energy finance program overall positive experience rewarding part class guest speakers brought dr titman portion class part course taught second half semester consisted case classes focusing energy industry two cases based enron overall case selection opinion appropriate well thought value added professor less speakers cases first eight weeks course covered futures options nearly examples problems discussed pertained directly energy industry special emphasis placed increasing student understanding supply demand dynamics power market use options futures speculating hedging stressed numerous occasions decent attempt explaining value power plant project believe university energy finance faculty trying continuously make improvements program however believe moving fast enough necessarily right path improvement strong need practical based training energy derivatives similar course taught paradigm enron focus university teachers quite theoretical due large part background theoretical basis crucial understanding basics real value program opinion effective bridging theoretical practical one course measures taken inject practicality someone extensive industry experience believe energy finance program continue underdeliver objectives additionally believe course structure changed eliminate need consecutive hours classroom instruction
"Subject: summer position  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 13 / 2000  01 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  amy ruth ward on 03 / 13 / 2000 01 : 31 : 54 pm  to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : summer position  dear celeste and stinson ,  i am writing to refuse enron ' s offer for a summer position . after several  conversations with my advisor at stanford , we have decided that i should  remain at stanford to work on my dissertation .  thank you again for taking the time to show me around enron .  sincerely ,  amy ward",0,summer position forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm amy ruth ward pm celeste roberts hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect subject summer position dear celeste stinson writing refuse enron offer summer position several conversations advisor stanford decided remain stanford work dissertation thank taking time show around enron sincerely amy ward
"Subject: re : london visit  paul ,  thanks for your message . i am in process of  finalizing my plans for the trip to london in the end of  september . i delayed responding to you message till  i had more specific information .  unless there a major change in my schedule , i shall arrive  in london on monday morning ( september 18 ) and leave on  thursday in the evening .  please , let me know what would be convenient time  to meet . you can send me an e - mail message and my secretary  will contact to confirm the date and place of the meeting .  my assistant ' s name is shirley crenshaw and her phone  number is 713 853 5290 .  i look forward to meeting you , tom and julian .  vince kaminski  paul . e . day @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 08 / 25 / 2000 11 : 53 : 02 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tom . o . lewthwaite @ uk . arthurandersen . com ,  julian . leake @ uk . arthurandersen . com  subject : london visit  i understand that you will be in london around 20 september . tom lewthwaite  has  asked me to arrange a meeting between you , tom and julian leake . i understand  that you have met tom and julian before . i would also like to attend - i am  a  manager in our uk financial services practice with responsibilty for enron  from  a uk financial services perspective . we would like to discuss any risk  management concerns that you may have and any internal initiatives with which  we  could assist .  if you are happy to meet on this basis , i would be grateful if you could let  me  know how you to proceed ( whether i should arrange timings with you , your  secretary , someone in london etc ) . you can contact me on + 44 20 7783 7446 ( at  enron ' s london offices ) or on this e - mail address .  kind regards  paul day  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .",0,london visit paul thanks message process finalizing plans trip london end september delayed responding message till specific information unless major change schedule shall arrive london monday morning september leave thursday evening please let know would convenient time meet send e mail message secretary contact confirm date place meeting assistant name shirley crenshaw phone number look forward meeting tom julian vince kaminski paul e day uk arthurandersen com vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc tom lewthwaite uk arthurandersen com julian leake uk arthurandersen com subject london visit understand london around september tom lewthwaite asked arrange meeting tom julian leake understand met tom julian would also like attend manager uk financial services practice responsibilty enron uk financial services perspective would like discuss risk management concerns may internal initiatives could assist happy meet basis would grateful could let know proceed whether arrange timings secretary someone london etc contact enron london offices e mail address kind regards paul day internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed
"Subject: re : resume  vince ,  could you give him ( bill ) a call at 1 or 2 on friday cst ? his cell  phone is 918 - 625 - 6683 .  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596  fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312  mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  http : / / www . robertwalters . com  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 6 : 36 pm  > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > subject : re : resume  >  >  > marshall ,  >  > i am catching up with my mail . we would like to talk to this candidate as  > well  > ( phone interview ) .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > marshall brown on 02 / 21 / 2001 12 : 36 : 39  > pm  >  > to : vince kaminski  > cc :  > subject : resume  >  >  > vince ,  > this candidate would be interested in speaking with you .  > regards ,  >  > marshall brown  > vice president  > robert walters associates  > tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596  > fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312  > mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > http : / / www . robertwalters . com  >  >  > >  >  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  > be intercepted by a third party .  >  > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  > the system manager .  >  > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > ( see attached file : kour _ vas . doc )  >  > >",0,resume vince could give bill call friday cst cell phone marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel fax mailto marshall brown robertwalters com http www robertwalters com original message vince j kaminski enron com smtp vince j kaminski enron com sent monday march pm marshall brown robertwalters com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject resume marshall catching mail would like talk candidate well phone interview vince marshall brown pm vince kaminski cc subject resume vince candidate would interested speaking regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel fax mailto marshall brown robertwalters com http www robertwalters com caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses see attached file kour vas doc
"Subject: re : action learning project and enron tour  christie ,  let ' s meet to discuss this project . i need more information from you about it .  by the way , i shall meet bob westbrook on wednesday to discuss unrelated  issues .  vince  christie patrick  11 / 02 / 2000 12 : 33 am  to : cmiller @ rice . edu , cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron , michael b  rosen / hou / ect @ ect , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grwhit @ rice . edu , westbro @ rice . edu , mark  palmer / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : action learning project and enron tour  hi carrie ,  it was great meeting with you and dean whitaker again last friday , as well as  mr . westbrook .  as we discussed , i have submitted the action learning program materials to  vince kaminski , our managing director of risk analysis and corporate  research . i ' ll be following up with him , and his recommendations for project  proposals next week .  also , i ' ve discussed with our university affairs team setting up the  faculty tours - - we ' re ready when you are ! ! the sooner the better - - i ' d love to  get these in pretty immediately , and in any event , before the reception at  the end of the month . i "" ll have cindy derecskey in my group email you - - she  is prepared to set these tours up .  i look forward to continuing to develop the multiple potential dynamics of  the enron - rice relationship !  thanks !  - - christie .  ps : thanks so much for the crystal rice owl - - my participation as a judge in  the rice invitational case competition was my pleasure indeed !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 11 / 02 / 2000  12 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  carrie miller on 11 / 01 / 2000 12 : 47 : 17 pm  to : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  cc : grwhit @ rice . edu , westbro @ rice . edu  subject : action learning project and enron tour  christie ,  i enjoyed visiting with you last week at the jones school . thanks for  taking time to come see us . i wanted to follow up with you regarding the  action learning project program and enron tour . we hope to have enron as  part of the program in 2001 . please let me know how i can help make this  happen . i look for the program to be full before the deadline of december lst . also , i am happy to help organize a group to tour enron . if you were  to participate in the alp program , january / february might be a good time to  put something together with key faculty and the alp team . let me know your  thoughts .  again , many thanks for your continued support of the jones school . i look  forward to hearing from you soon .  carrie  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  carrie chamberlin miller  director of mba program  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 5260  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  e - mail : cmiller @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0,action learning project enron tour christie let meet discuss project need information way shall meet bob westbrook wednesday discuss unrelated issues vince christie patrick cmiller rice edu cindy derecskey corp enron enron michael b rosen hou ect ect steven j kean na enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect grwhit rice edu westbro rice edu mark palmer corp enron enron cc subject action learning project enron tour hi carrie great meeting dean whitaker last friday well mr westbrook discussed submitted action learning program materials vince kaminski managing director risk analysis corporate research following recommendations project proposals next week also discussed university affairs team setting faculty tours ready sooner better love get pretty immediately event reception end month cindy derecskey group email prepared set tours look forward continuing develop multiple potential dynamics enron rice relationship thanks christie ps thanks much crystal rice owl participation judge rice invitational case competition pleasure indeed forwarded christie patrick hou ect carrie miller pm christie patrick enron com cc grwhit rice edu westbro rice edu subject action learning project enron tour christie enjoyed visiting last week jones school thanks taking time come see us wanted follow regarding action learning project program enron tour hope enron part program please let know help make happen look program full deadline december lst also happy help organize group tour enron participate alp program january february might good time put something together key faculty alp team let know thoughts many thanks continued support jones school look forward hearing soon carrie carrie chamberlin miller director mba program jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax e mail cmiller rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs
"Subject: overview of hr associates / analyst project  per david ' s request , attached is an overview of the hr associates / analysts  project - creating a human resource value index . this document will provide  a brief , top - line overview of the following :  description of the challenges  people involved  positive outcomes  high - level description of the process we suggest  if you have any questions before our tuesday meeting please contact either  myself or dan brown .  thanks ! tana cashion  david oxley @ ect  10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 20 am  to : gerry gibson / corp / enron @ enron  cc : andrea yowman / corp / enron @ enron , bob sparger / corp / enron @ enron , tim  o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron , ted c bland / hou / ect @ ect , daniel  brown / na / enron @ enron , tana cashion / na / enron @ enron , rhonna palmer / hou / ect @ ect ,  cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kay  chapman / hou / ect @ ect , sarah a davis / hou / ect @ ect , marla barnard / enron  communications @ enron communications , pam butler / hr / corp / enron @ enron , michelle  cash / hou / ect @ ect , brian schaffer / corp / enron @ enron , suzanne brown / hou / ect @ ect ,  robert jones / corp / enron @ enron , neil davies / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next  steps  i notice my calender doesn ' t yet seem to have this meeting scheduled . i will  ask kay chapman ( since rhonna has now deserted me ! ) to help put a time  together . drew / mary , fyi sorry i didn ' t get a chance to send you this before .  let me know if you want to attend , happy to have you there .  gerry , can you help me put an agenda together so that everyone knows what we  are looking to achieve here . in broad terms i am looking to do the following :  update all on project we set hr associate group and their recommendations  discuss their recommendations and look at any refinements or ideas we think  we should also incorporate ( see my thumb nail sketch notes inspired by  associate group below ) .  reaffirm commitment to take this project forward and agree :  team for doing so  resources and timimg  methodology for agreeing final version .  my ambition is that we ( but in particular andrea , bob , gerry , tim , tana , dan ,  neil , myself and possibly suzanne if she can given the work she had already  done in this area ) all agree to contribute to this and get it done without  the need for a formation of a new team or group . obviously everyone welcome  to participate .  tana / dan ,  can you cicruclate a summary of your teams proposals to this group so we they  can review before meeting . could you also agree within your team who you  would like to attend this meeting ( i would suggest 2 or 3 of you attend  rather than all ) .  thanks  david  david oxley  09 / 26 / 2000 11 : 38 am  to : andrea yowman / corp / enron @ enron , bob sparger / corp / enron @ enron , gerry  gibson / corp / enron @ enron , tim o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron , ted c  bland / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : daniel brown / na / enron @ enron , tana cashion / na / enron @ enron , rhonna  palmer / hou / ect @ ect , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron  subject : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next  steps  rhonna ,  please arrange a meeting later this week for all of those addressed by this  message ( vince , it would great if one of your team could attend since we will  need some heavy statistical and analytical help to complete this project ) .  the prupose of the meeting will be to discuss and delegate next steps  required to implement the hr associate groups recommendations for the  development of an hr "" value index "" at enron .  i would anticipate we will need approx 45 minutes .  david",0,overview hr associates analyst project per david request attached overview hr associates analysts project creating human resource value index document provide brief top line overview following description challenges people involved positive outcomes high level description process suggest questions tuesday meeting please contact either dan brown thanks tana cashion david oxley ect gerry gibson corp enron enron cc andrea yowman corp enron enron bob sparger corp enron enron tim rourke corp enron enron ted c bland hou ect ect daniel brown na enron enron tana cashion na enron enron rhonna palmer hou ect ect cindy olson corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect kay chapman hou ect ect sarah davis hou ect ect marla barnard enron communications enron communications pam butler hr corp enron enron michelle cash hou ect ect brian schaffer corp enron enron suzanne brown hou ect ect robert jones corp enron enron neil davies corp enron enron subject mission impossible hr associate groups recommendation next steps notice calender yet seem meeting scheduled ask kay chapman since rhonna deserted help put time together drew mary fyi sorry get chance send let know want attend happy gerry help put agenda together everyone knows looking achieve broad terms looking following update project set hr associate group recommendations discuss recommendations look refinements ideas think also incorporate see thumb nail sketch notes inspired associate group reaffirm commitment take project forward agree team resources timimg methodology agreeing final version ambition particular andrea bob gerry tim tana dan neil possibly suzanne given work already done area agree contribute get done without need formation new team group obviously everyone welcome participate tana dan cicruclate summary teams proposals group review meeting could also agree within team would like attend meeting would suggest attend rather thanks david david oxley andrea yowman corp enron enron bob sparger corp enron enron gerry gibson corp enron enron tim rourke corp enron enron ted c bland hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc daniel brown na enron enron tana cashion na enron enron rhonna palmer hou ect ect cindy olson corp enron enron subject mission impossible hr associate groups recommendation next steps rhonna please arrange meeting later week addressed message vince would great one team could attend since need heavy statistical analytical help complete project prupose meeting discuss delegate next steps required implement hr associate groups recommendations development hr value index enron would anticipate need approx minutes david
"Subject: re : avistar systems  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 01 : 08  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  paige cox @ enron  10 / 24 / 2000 08 : 54 am  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : avistar systems  you ' re welcome .  i have vince on the list now . we are installing this week and over next  weekend . we ' ll have to go to the location to see if we ' ll have to pull  additional cable to vince ' s desk . i wouldn ' t look for it to be in before next  monday .  with regards to the billing - - i will have stella ely get with you on that .  thank you for all of the info  paige  kevin g moore @ ect  10 / 24 / 2000 08 : 47 am  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , paige cox / corp / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : avistar systems  i really appreciate you speaking with gary regarding  the avistar system .  please inform me on what i need to do to make the process  continue .  the location for the avistar is eb 3240 d .  the location belongs to vince kaminski .  if you need more information please call x 34710 .  if possible , would you please inform me as when to  expect the system connection date and time .  thanks  kevin moore",0,avistar systems forwarded kevin g moore hou ect pm paige cox enron kevin g moore hou ect ect cc subject avistar systems welcome vince list installing week next weekend go location see pull additional cable vince desk look next monday regards billing stella ely get thank info paige kevin g moore ect mike roberts hou ect ect paige cox corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject avistar systems really appreciate speaking gary regarding avistar system please inform need make process continue location avistar eb location belongs vince kaminski need information please call x possible would please inform expect system connection date time thanks kevin moore
"Subject: re : anshuman  neil ,  you must have already gotten my earlier mail of clarification . going  forward , i agree with you that we should start the assigment early rather  than late .  however , i would not necessarily like to wait till even feb 5 . the bids for  lng must go out by the 15 th of feb , and we need to do a lot of fuel based  analysis before then . hence , if it is possible for anshuman ot be available  before then , i would greatly appreciate it . perhaps even as early as monday  or tuesday if possible ? ?  regards ,  sandeep .  neil mcgregor @ enron _ development  01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 19 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : neil mcgregor / sin / ect @ ect , molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep kohli @ enron @ ect  subject : re : anshuman  thanks for the clarification vince i appreciate it . we have a significant  resource problem here in india , given we have a renegotiation about fall in  our laps . anshuman is one of our key analysts and we are very proud of his  abilities and future potential for enron . once we have dabhol off the "" life  support system "" we could look at a longer assignment . as far as the present  one month assignment is concerned , i would rather go for an early start say  5 th feb till 5 th march . is this convenient to you and jeff .  neil  vince j kaminski @ ect  01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 41 pm  to : neil mcgregor / sin / ect @ ect  cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep  kohli @ enron  subject : anshuman  neil ,  i would like to apologize for the confusion regarding anshuman .  we have floated a number of possible scenarios regarding his  trip to houston and there was a lot of confusion  regarding the terms ( given that i was talking to sandeep  every few days ) .  currently , we expect anshuman to come to houston for one month  to work on the dpc project ( at jeff shankman ' s request ) . the lawyers advised  me that we need an ll visa for him , irrespective of the duration  of his stay .  sorry for the confusion .  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com",0,anshuman neil must already gotten earlier mail clarification going forward agree start assigment early rather late however would necessarily like wait till even feb bids lng must go th feb need lot fuel based analysis hence possible anshuman ot available would greatly appreciate perhaps even early monday tuesday possible regards sandeep neil mcgregor enron development vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc neil mcgregor sin ect ect molly magee hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect sandeep kohli enron ect subject anshuman thanks clarification vince appreciate significant resource problem india given renegotiation fall laps anshuman one key analysts proud abilities future potential enron dabhol life support system could look longer assignment far present one month assignment concerned would rather go early start say th feb till th march convenient jeff neil vince j kaminski ect pm neil mcgregor sin ect ect cc molly magee hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect sandeep kohli enron subject anshuman neil would like apologize confusion regarding anshuman floated number possible scenarios regarding trip houston lot confusion regarding terms given talking sandeep every days currently expect anshuman come houston one month work dpc project jeff shankman request lawyers advised need visa irrespective duration stay sorry confusion vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: wharton event - junel 0 - insead  vince ,  bryan has been unable to find anyone suitable to attend this symposium on  saturday , so has suggested i attend , which i am happy to do . my only  reservation is that my knowledge of this area is very limited , so it is  likely i would just be an observer , rather than a participant . anyway just so  that i am adequately prepared could you briefly describe our current  relationship with this project , and also suggest any reading , like a magazine  or paper , that would quickly aid my understanding of the topics to be  discussed .  many thanks ,  ben  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by benjamin parsons / lon / ect on 08 / 06 / 2000  08 : 36 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bryan seyfried  06 / 06 / 2000 16 : 46  to : benjamin parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : wharton event - junel 0 - insead  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bryan seyfried / lon / ect on 06 / 06 / 2000  16 : 48 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  05 / 06 / 2000 15 : 13  to : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : wharton event - junel 0 - insead  bryan ,  i shall call you later today when i have a chance to read the message from  ben .  i wanted to ask you for a favor ( on a very short notice ) . we are talking to  the wharton school  about setting up a relationship with them and getting involved in one or  more research projects  with them .  one of the potential topics is emerging technologies . the wharton offers a  symposium in paris on june 10  on high tech acquisitions and it would make a lot of sense if you  ( or somebody from london you could identify ) could attend and help us to  evaluate the usefulness  of this project .  i am enclosing the message from the person in wharton running this program .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 05 / 2000  09 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tomczyk @ wharton . upenn . edu ( michael tomczyk ) on 05 / 18 / 2000 10 : 56 : 08 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : thomas . piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu  subject : wharton event - junel 0 - insead  vincent ,  it was truly a pleasure getting to know you in our meeting yesterday , and i  look forward to the prospect of exchanging views in the future on a variety  of topics pertaining to emerging technologies .  per our discussion , i ' ve enclosed three files that include an invitation ,  agenda and rsvp form for the june 10 symposium on high tech acquisitions at  insead . if you or the individual ( s ) who will be attending have any  questions , please email : phanish puranam at : phanis 20 @ wharton . upenn . edu or  you can call him at 215 - 898 - 1231 .  this initiative will be expanded during the coming year and i believe that  enron ' s involvement will give the company access to some of the early  research in progress as it unfolds , and of course , if you become involved  as a partner in the emerging technologies program you would have  opportunities to help guide the direction of the research which is one of  the partnership "" benefits . ""  our next upcoming events are scheduled for :  friday , september 8  "" what next on the internet ? ""  this is a faculty update day with industry partners also invited .  we will co - sponsor this with wharton ' s major e - business initiative .  major issues addresses include "" new economics of the web "" and  "" internet , anywhere . ""  friday , october 20  "" first mover advantage , shakeouts & survival strategies ""  designed by the et core group and  presented in collaboration with the e - commerce forum .  as i indicated during our discussion , participation in the emerging  technologies management research program is by invitation and on behalf of  our core faculty , i am pleased to extend an invitation for enron to join  the program .  to assist in your decision , we recommend having a representative attend the  symposium in paris on june 10 to "" test drive "" the program .  i ' ll send you a formal invitation which you are free to accept at your  convenience , should you agree that enron ' s participation in the et program  would be of value .  please call or email if you have any comments or questions .  best regards ,  michael  - insead workshop invitation lett - insead workshop agendal . doc - rsvp  form . doc  michael s . tomczyk  managing director  emerging technologies management research program  1400 sh - dh / 6371  the wharton school  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371  tel 215 - 573 - 7722  fax 215 - 573 - 2129",0,wharton event junel insead vince bryan unable find anyone suitable attend symposium saturday suggested attend happy reservation knowledge area limited likely would observer rather participant anyway adequately prepared could briefly describe current relationship project also suggest reading like magazine paper would quickly aid understanding topics discussed many thanks ben forwarded benjamin parsons lon ect bryan seyfried benjamin parsons lon ect ect cc subject wharton event junel insead forwarded bryan seyfried lon ect vince j kaminski bryan seyfried lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject wharton event junel insead bryan shall call later today chance read message ben wanted ask favor short notice talking wharton school setting relationship getting involved one research projects one potential topics emerging technologies wharton offers symposium paris june high tech acquisitions would make lot sense somebody london could identify could attend help us evaluate usefulness project enclosing message person wharton running program vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect tomczyk wharton upenn edu michael tomczyk vkamins enron com cc thomas piazze wharton upenn edu subject wharton event junel insead vincent truly pleasure getting know meeting yesterday look forward prospect exchanging views future variety topics pertaining emerging technologies per discussion enclosed three files include invitation agenda rsvp form june symposium high tech acquisitions insead individual attending questions please email phanish puranam phanis wharton upenn edu call initiative expanded coming year believe enron involvement give company access early research progress unfolds course become involved partner emerging technologies program would opportunities help guide direction research one partnership benefits next upcoming events scheduled friday september next internet faculty update day industry partners also invited co sponsor wharton major e business initiative major issues addresses include new economics web internet anywhere friday october first mover advantage shakeouts survival strategies designed et core group presented collaboration e commerce forum indicated discussion participation emerging technologies management research program invitation behalf core faculty pleased extend invitation enron join program assist decision recommend representative attend symposium paris june test drive program send formal invitation free accept convenience agree enron participation et program would value please call email comments questions best regards michael insead workshop invitation lett insead workshop agendal doc rsvp form doc michael tomczyk managing director emerging technologies management research program sh dh wharton school philadelphia pa tel fax
Subject: seating on the 32 nd floor  mike roberts eb 3240 a  jose marquez eb 3240 b  kevin moore eb 3240 c  vince kaminski eb 3240 d  patricia tlapek eb 3240 e  william smith eb 3240 f  elena chilkina eb 3240 g  open  eb 3239 f  charlie weldon eb 3239 e  open  eb 3274 a  open eb 3273 a  these are the only seats we have on the 32 nd floor .  the two open spaces are being used by another group temporally .  if you need additional information please feel free to call x 34710 .  thanks  kevin moore,0,seating nd floor mike roberts eb jose marquez eb b kevin moore eb c vince kaminski eb patricia tlapek eb e william smith eb f elena chilkina eb g open eb f charlie weldon eb e open eb open eb seats nd floor two open spaces used another group temporally need additional information please feel free call x thanks kevin moore
"Subject: status  stinson ,  as you requested , i spoke with brad mcsherry concerning the position , salary ,  and immediate supervisor . i asked brad to provide a formal letter of offer  and informed him that i needed it before the end of business friday .  unfortunately , i have not received the letter thus far . although the job was  well defined , i felt that the administrative details of the position were not  clearly laid out . for example , i specifically asked last week who my manager  would be and was told that it would be you . however , i later found out ( by  chance ) that this was not the case . also , it was unclear whether i would be  in the research group or in enron communications .  although these two issues are not critical and under normal circumstances  would be resolved , given previous confusion regarding my role and  compensation with the research group , i feel less comfortable accepting the  position . to be specific , there was an unnecessary struggle regarding my  interview reimbursement and there were problems regarding my bonus . in  general i feel that there has been a significant lack of communication and  respect .  therefore i feel that i am left with the decision not to make the move to  enron and feel that it would be in everyone ' s best interest not to pursue  this any further . thank you .  - samer  [ brad , as i indicated on friday please do not perform any kind of transfer .  thanks . ]",0,status stinson requested spoke brad mcsherry concerning position salary immediate supervisor asked brad provide formal letter offer informed needed end business friday unfortunately received letter thus far although job well defined felt administrative details position clearly laid example specifically asked last week manager would told would however later found chance case also unclear whether would research group enron communications although two issues critical normal circumstances would resolved given previous confusion regarding role compensation research group feel less comfortable accepting position specific unnecessary struggle regarding interview reimbursement problems regarding bonus general feel significant lack communication respect therefore feel left decision make move enron feel would everyone best interest pursue thank samer brad indicated friday please perform kind transfer thanks
"Subject: california power 1 / 19 / 00  1 . legislation passes - short - term measures , very long - term measures  as we said yesterday , sb - 7 x passed the california state senate easily . the  bill gives the state the immediate authority to purchase power via the  department of water and resources until february 2 nd . the department will  have $ 400 million available to finance power purchases , but there  expectations that these costs could easily rise to $ 1 billion by next week .  ab - 1 x has evolved into a longer - term solution and in its current form , would  authorize the department of water and resources to enter into long - term  contracts ( as opposed to the 15 day contracts in sb - 7 x ) to buy power at a  price cap of 5 . 5 cents per kw / h . this legislation is not expected to pass  today and will likely be changed considerably during the upcoming two week  period covered by sb - 7 x , when negotiations between generators , the utilities ,  and the state are likely to resume .  a second piece of legislation under - - sb 6 x - - has created uncertainty in the  markets . this legislation will create a california public power authority  with bond issuance authority . the uncertainty concerns whether the new  authority will address the problem of the $ 12 billion in outstanding debt  owed by the utilities . the current text of the legislation focuses only on  longer term measures such as expanding generation capacity and improving  efficiency . yet the legislation also says "" the authority may issue bonds ,  exercise power of eminent domain , and enter into joint power agreements and  buy , own , and sell land and facilities necessary for the financing of a  project . "" the general nature of this language leaves open the possibility of  either issuing bonds to finance past debts , or using eminent domain or the  bond authority to finance the utilities as they enter into a ch . 11 proceeding .  2 . default update  3 . bush  as we reported on wednesday , the bush administration continues to demonstrate  little interest in getting involved",0,california power legislation passes short term measures long term measures said yesterday sb x passed california state senate easily bill gives state immediate authority purchase power via department water resources february nd department million available finance power purchases expectations costs could easily rise billion next week ab x evolved longer term solution current form would authorize department water resources enter long term contracts opposed day contracts sb x buy power price cap cents per kw h legislation expected pass today likely changed considerably upcoming two week period covered sb x negotiations generators utilities state likely resume second piece legislation sb x created uncertainty markets legislation create california public power authority bond issuance authority uncertainty concerns whether new authority address problem billion outstanding debt owed utilities current text legislation focuses longer term measures expanding generation capacity improving efficiency yet legislation also says authority may issue bonds exercise power eminent domain enter joint power agreements buy sell land facilities necessary financing project general nature language leaves open possibility either issuing bonds finance past debts using eminent domain bond authority finance utilities enter ch proceeding default update bush reported wednesday bush administration continues demonstrate little interest getting involved
"Subject: your e - mail to anvasetc - 1111 @ groups . msn . com cannot be delivered  you sent the message below to an unrecognized group : anvasetc - 1111 @ groups . msn . com  to check for the correct e - mail address of a group you belong to :  1 . go to the group ' s "" what ' s new "" page .  2 . click "" my e - mail settings "" under the tools area on the upper right side of the page .  to learn more about msn groups or for further assistance , please see our help area .  thanks ,  msn groups",1,e mail anvasetc groups msn com delivered sent message unrecognized group anvasetc groups msn com check correct e mail address group belong go group new page click e mail settings tools area upper right side page learn msn groups assistance please see help area thanks msn groups
"Subject: re : summer internship  jinbaek ,  the answer to the lst question is yes .  the project list is fine with me and is still valid . we are an organization  driven by the needs of our internal customers .  i shall froward your message to the person in ebs .  hopefully , we shall get a positive response .  vince  jinbaek kim on 03 / 15 / 2001 01 : 12 : 32 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : summer internship  dr . kaminski ,  sorry for the late response ,  it took me some time to coordinate things .  finally , it ' s almost dont : - )  it turned out that from june to august  will be best for me for work at enron  ( say june . 4 to august . 4 )  but i still need to know several things from your side .  could you answer following questions ?  first :  is my suggested working period is ok with you ?  if so , let me know what to do for settlement  during the period .  second :  i got a list of work , i might be able to do for  dealbench team from ross and suresh .  i ' d like to know it is still a valid work list :  the list he sent is as following :  > 1 . write a paper in layman ' s terms that answers  > questions like the following :  > benefits of auctioning online for both buyers and  > sellers , particularly in reverse auctions  > explanation how multi - variable auctions are not  > as efficient as price - only auctions ( is this true ? )  > how many participants are recommended for a  > successful live auction  > what types of goods and services are best suited  > for live auctions versus sealed bid quotes  > opinions on lotting strategies  > trends in online private auctions  > 2 . identify appropriate recent auction research ( 3  > or 4 papers out of the 90 + you provided ) and obtain approvals from the  > authors to post on our site  > 3 . create a list / bibiliography of relevant auction  > literature ( with hyperlinks ? )  > 4 . would you be willing to offer auction consulting  > services to our customers ( if they are interested )  third :  there is an e - procurement forum at haas school of business ,  in may 22 . the chair of the forum is my advisor prof . arie segev .  a person from wells fargo bank will talk about wells fargo ' s role  in e - marketplace payment initiative ,  where enron broadband services is also one of key players  along with citibank .  he asked me whether you can contact a person at  enron broadband services , who ' s related to the initiative .  he wants to know whether we will have a speaker from enron  to see enron ' s perspective , in the forum .  here is a link to news related to the initiative ,  fourth :  my advisor wants to know whether  there could be any opportunity to do a case study ,  regarding enron ' s business .  he is interested in e - procurement and e - marketplaces .  business model and system architecture . . .  thanks for reading this long email .  i ' ll look forward to your answer . .  i am sorry for giving you so much burden  to answer those questions possibly not easy to answer .  warm regards ,  jinbaek  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' "" ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on mon , 5 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > jinbaek ,  >  > this is fine though you are welcome to spend more  > time with us this summer .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > jinbaek kim on 03 / 04 / 2001 03 : 45 : 40 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : summer internship  >  >  > dr . kaminski ,  >  > thanks for your answer .  > before i tell you the time frame ,  > i ' ll need to talk with my advisor , first .  > because here is an on - going - project .  > i need to coordinate the schedule .  >  > i ' ll appreciate it if you understand my situation ,  > and give me some time ( less than a week , of course ) .  >  > for your reference ,  > probably  > the dates i ' d like to ask you will be  > from mid - may to mid - july ( 2 months )  >  > warm regards ,  > jinbaek  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > jinbaek kim  > ph . d candidate  > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > u . c . berkeley  > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  >  > go bears !  >  > : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > ` . ' "" ' ;  > ` . ' ;  > ` . ` : ` ;  > . ` . ; ; : ;  > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  >  >  > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > >  > > jinbaek ,  > >  > > you can coordinate the details with me .  > > let me know what the time frame is for you  > > and we shall send you an appropriate offer .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm  > >  > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > cc :  > > subject : re : summer internship  > >  > >  > > dr . kaminski ,  > >  > > thank you very much .  > > of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity  > > to work at such a wonderful company .  > > i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team ,  > > and was going to express my appreciation to you again  > > after settling down process with them .  > >  > > for the period of working ,  > > i still need to coordinate with my advisor and  > > may need to adjust according to that .  > > but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly .  > >  > > please let me know whether i should keep contacting  > > with deal bench team ,  > > for working period and  > > for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc .  > >  > > i appreciate you so much again ,  > > for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity .  > > all this opportunity will not be available to me ,  > > without your kind help .  > >  > > warm regards ,  > > jinbaek  > >  > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > > jinbaek kim  > > ph . d candidate  > > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > > u . c . berkeley  > > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  > >  > > go bears !  > >  > > : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  > > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > > ` . ' "" ' ;  > > ` . ' ;  > > ` . ` : ` ;  > > . ` . ; ; : ;  > > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  > >  > >  > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > >  > > > hello ,  > > >  > > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  > > > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship .  > > >  > > > please , let me know if you are interested .  > > >  > > > vince kaminski  > > >  > > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,summer internship jinbaek answer lst question yes project list fine still valid organization driven needs internal customers shall froward message person ebs hopefully shall get positive response vince jinbaek kim vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski sorry late response took time coordinate things finally almost dont turned june august best work enron say june august still need know several things side could answer following questions first suggested working period ok let know settlement period second got list work might able dealbench team ross suresh like know still valid work list list sent following write paper layman terms answers questions like following benefits auctioning online buyers sellers particularly reverse auctions explanation multi variable auctions efficient price auctions true many participants recommended successful live auction types goods services best suited live auctions versus sealed bid quotes opinions lotting strategies trends online private auctions identify appropriate recent auction research papers provided obtain approvals authors post site create list bibiliography relevant auction literature hyperlinks would willing offer auction consulting services customers interested third e procurement forum haas school business may chair forum advisor prof arie segev person wells fargo bank talk wells fargo role e marketplace payment initiative enron broadband services also one key players along citibank asked whether contact person enron broadband services related initiative wants know whether speaker enron see enron perspective forum link news related initiative fourth advisor wants know whether could opportunity case study regarding enron business interested e procurement e marketplaces business model system architecture thanks reading long email look forward answer sorry giving much burden answer questions possibly easy answer warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears mon mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote jinbaek fine though welcome spend time us summer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thanks answer tell time frame need talk advisor first going project need coordinate schedule appreciate understand situation give time less week course reference probably dates like ask mid may mid july months warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote jinbaek coordinate details let know time frame shall send appropriate offer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thank much course happy opportunity work wonderful company contacting surech raghavan deal bench team going express appreciation settling process period working still need coordinate advisor may need adjust according anyway try coordinate smoothly please let know whether keep contacting deal bench team working period misc living support finding place rent car etc appreciate much arranging meetings giving opportunity opportunity available without kind help warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote hello sorry delay getting back would like much offer summer internship please let know interested vince kaminski
"Subject: harvard - - nyu itinerary  hi !  attached please find the itinerary for the harvard - - - nyu trip ; please  disregard any parts of the trip that don ' t apply to you .  if i have not already done so , i ' ll try this morning to get you a copy of the  enron online case being taught at harvard tomorrow ( thursday ) . otherwise ,  i ' ll give it to you on the plane - - it ' s fewer than 15 pages , so it ' s a quick  read .  please call me if you have any questions ( 3 - 6117 ) . otherwise , i ' ll see you  at the corporate hangar at 6 pm .  ( for anyone unfamiliar with the location of the corporate hangar , i believe  you can get a map / address / directions from the enron aviation department . )  thanks !  - - christie .",0,harvard nyu itinerary hi attached please find itinerary harvard nyu trip please disregard parts trip apply already done try morning get copy enron online case taught harvard tomorrow thursday otherwise give plane fewer pages quick read please call questions otherwise see corporate hangar pm anyone unfamiliar location corporate hangar believe get map address directions enron aviation department thanks christie
"Subject: re : risk 2000 , 12 - 15 june , boston - speaker confirmation  oliver ,  thanks a lot for your message .  here is the information you requested :  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  vince  "" oliver bennett "" on 03 / 21 / 2000 11 : 00 : 16 am  please respond to "" oliver bennett ""  to : "" zou , zhou "" , "" young , derek "" ,  "" walter gontarek "" , "" vince j kaminski ""  , "" steven e shreve "" ,  "" stephen ross "" , "" staley , mark "" , "" selvaggio ,  robert "" , "" ross mayfield "" ,  "" ritchken , peter "" , "" prasad nanisetty ""  , "" philipp schoenbucher ""  , "" pesco , anthony ""  , "" merrell hora "" , "" mark  d ames "" , "" lirtzman , harris ""  , "" leslie rahl "" , "" john  mcevoy "" , "" john hull "" , "" joe  pimbley "" , "" jeremy berkowitz "" ,  "" javaid , masood ( mlmam ) "" , "" ethan berman ""  , "" browne , sid "" , "" bob  maynard "" , "" amarger , regis ""  , "" derman , emanuel "" ,  , , ,  , , ,  , , ,  , , ,  , ,  , , ,  , , ,  , ,  , ,  , , ,  , , ,  , ,  , ,  , ,  , , ,  , ,  , , ,  , , ,  , , ,  , , ,  , , ,  , ,  , ,  , ,  ,  cc :  subject : risk 2000 , 12 - 15 june , boston - speaker confirmation  thank you for agreeing to speak at risk magazine ' s annual us congress , risk  2000 , taking place in boston between 12 - 15 june 2000 .  ?  could you please return this email with your full postal address and contact  details so we can send you hard copies of the brochure , inform you of  congress and hotel locations and let you know when we will need a copy of  your presentation . if you are part of a panel discussion , myself or the  panel moderator will contact you shortly .  ?  in the meantime the full brochure can be viewed and / or downloaded from the  following web address -  ?  www . riskpublications . com / risk 2000 us  ?  if you have any further questions , please don ' t hesitate to contact me .  ?  best regards ,  ?  oliver bennett  senior conference producer  ?  ?  direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9880  ?  risk publications , 28 - 29 haymarket , london swly 4 rx  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800 ? email : oliver @ risk . co . uk  www . riskpublications . com",0,risk june boston speaker confirmation oliver thanks lot message information requested vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com vince oliver bennett please respond oliver bennett zou zhou young derek walter gontarek vince j kaminski steven e shreve stephen ross staley mark selvaggio robert ross mayfield ritchken peter prasad nanisetty philipp schoenbucher pesco anthony merrell hora mark ames lirtzman harris leslie rahl john mcevoy john hull joe pimbley jeremy berkowitz javaid masood mlmam ethan berman browne sid bob maynard amarger regis derman emanuel cc subject risk june boston speaker confirmation thank agreeing speak risk magazine annual us congress risk taking place boston june could please return email full postal address contact details send hard copies brochure inform congress hotel locations let know need copy presentation part panel discussion panel moderator contact shortly meantime full brochure viewed downloaded following web address www riskpublications com risk us questions please hesitate contact best regards oliver bennett senior conference producer direct risk publications haymarket london swly rx fax email oliver risk co uk www riskpublications com
"Subject: correction : interim report to gary hickerson for ag trading  apologies . please note that i pasted the wrong graph in the previous version  i sent . this is the correct version .  thanks ,  kate  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kate lucas / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 2000 02 : 56 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kate lucas  12 / 22 / 2000 02 : 27 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , nelson neale / na / enron @ enron , mauricio  mora / na / enron @ enron  subject : interim report to gary hickerson for ag trading  vince ,  please find attached the interim report on agricultural commodity trading for  gary hickerson . your comments are welcome as we would like to send this to  gary as soon as possible .  regards ,  kate  ext 3 - 9401",0,correction interim report gary hickerson ag trading apologies please note pasted wrong graph previous version sent correct version thanks kate forwarded kate lucas hou ect pm kate lucas pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect nelson neale na enron enron mauricio mora na enron enron subject interim report gary hickerson ag trading vince please find attached interim report agricultural commodity trading gary hickerson comments welcome would like send gary soon possible regards kate ext
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want .  ciaiis has a iot of advantages over viaqra  - the effect iasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country !  get it riqht now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactly want ciaiis iot advantages viaqra effect iasts hours ready start within minutes mix alcohoi ship country get riqht
"Subject: re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack  hi ,  hope you had a happy thanksgiving . so what do you think of the way we  select our president ?  regarding the passwords , they are as follows :  password # 1 : roviris  password # 2 : hannah  i will try to call you shortly .  kind regards ,  iris  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > to : irismmack @ hotmail . com  > subject : re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack  > date : mon , 27 nov 2000 08 : 19 : 52 - 0600  >  >  > hi iris ,  >  > thanks for your messages . please , call me on my cell phone ( 713 ) 410 5396  > or at my office ( 713 ) 853 3848 .  >  > by the way , the 2 nd file you sent is password protected .  >  > vince  >  >  _ _ _ _ _ _ _  get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com",0,f u dr kaminski enron iris mack hi hope happy thanksgiving think way select president regarding passwords follows password roviris password hannah try call shortly kind regards iris vince j kaminski enron com irismmack hotmail com subject f u dr kaminski enron iris mack date mon nov hi iris thanks messages please call cell phone office way nd file sent password protected vince get web free msn explorer download http explorer msn com
"Subject: zingales seminar  fyi !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001  03 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  albert wang on 04 / 23 / 2001 11 : 23 : 22 am  to : ( recipient list suppressed )  cc :  subject : zingales seminar  enron seminar series in finance  jones graduate school of management , rice university  luigi zingales  university of chicago  will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , april 27 , ?  "" the great reversals : the politics of financial development in the 20 th  century . ""  the seminar will begin at 3 : 30 in room 105 .  a pdf of the paper is available through the seminar website :  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / .  fu - kuo albert wang  assistant professor  jones graduate school of management - - ms 531 ?  rice university ?  6100 main street ?  houston , tx 77005 ?  phone : 713 - 348 - 5404 ?  fax : ? ? ? ? 713 - 348 - 5251  email : wangfa @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ wangfa /",0,zingales seminar fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm albert wang recipient list suppressed cc subject zingales seminar enron seminar series finance jones graduate school management rice university luigi zingales university chicago give seminar jones school friday april great reversals politics financial development th century seminar begin room pdf paper available seminar website http www ruf rice edu jgsfss fu kuo albert wang assistant professor jones graduate school management ms rice university main street houston tx phone fax email wangfa rice edu http www ruf rice edu wangfa
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe goiive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corei painter lx  $ 80 adobe lliustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  loraiee ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishing software corei macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corei desiqner quickbooks professional edition adobe pagemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe goiive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere eiements corei painter lx adobe lliustrator cs adobe lndesiqn cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker uiead cooi production studio aiias motion buiider professionai quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincereiy loraiee
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  just few examples :  - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage !  best reqards ,  valarie ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions german french spanish uk many others examples norton internet security pro windows xp professional sp fuii version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite including macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianguage best reqards valarie
"Subject: fw : meeting follow - up  dan sent this information as a follow up to our meeting this week . if there  is any additional information you would like to see , please let me know .  in the absense of any objections , i would like to begin having our analysts  use the financial stress score to underwrite small exposures where financial  statements are not received . in addtion to saving some expense , this will  allow greater consistentency . and moving forward , i believe we can map  expected defaults from fstress score ranges to those implied in credit  spreads , and in doing so map to e - ratings for use in credit reserve  analytics . i ' ve had prelimiary discussions with rabi and amititava regarding  this .  any additional insights would be helpful , and thanks for your help .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : "" barry , dan "" @ enron  on . com ]  sent : thursday , march 15 , 2001 10 : 26 am  to : mark _ wilson @ enron . com  cc : marcom , karen ; johnson , judy  subject : meeting follow - up  mark ,  attached are a presentation on the financial stress score and the countries  that have risk scores available today . please let me know if you have any  questions .  in response vince ' s question regarding false positives from the model , that  is a little difficult to answer . the model is predicting the likelihood of  a company experiencing financial distress . we are not saying that all  companies with a high risk score will experience financial distress . in  other words , it is not really a yes or no proposition . it ' not like a drug  test where the test either comes back positive or negative and ocassionally ,  you get a false positive test result . we are identifying companies that are  at high risk for failure . some of those high risk companies will fail and  some will not fail . how many in each classification that will ultimately  fail is addressed in the performance charts attached below .  please let me know if you have any other questions or need any additional  information .  dan barry  dun & bradstreet  analytical services  barryd @ dnb . com  phone ( 713 ) 953 - 5458  fax ( 713 ) 953 - 5454  > > >  >  - enron fss . ppt  - globalfailure . ppt  - fin stress understanding . doc  - fss performance . doc",0,fw meeting follow dan sent information follow meeting week additional information would like see please let know absense objections would like begin analysts use financial stress score underwrite small exposures financial statements received addtion saving expense allow greater consistentency moving forward believe map expected defaults fstress score ranges implied credit spreads map e ratings use credit reserve analytics prelimiary discussions rabi amititava regarding additional insights would helpful thanks help original message barry dan enron com sent thursday march mark wilson enron com cc marcom karen johnson judy subject meeting follow mark attached presentation financial stress score countries risk scores available today please let know questions response vince question regarding false positives model little difficult answer model predicting likelihood company experiencing financial distress saying companies high risk score experience financial distress words really yes proposition like drug test test either comes back positive negative ocassionally get false positive test result identifying companies high risk failure high risk companies fail fail many classification ultimately fail addressed performance charts attached please let know questions need additional information dan barry dun bradstreet analytical services barryd dnb com phone fax enron fss ppt globalfailure ppt fin stress understanding doc fss performance doc
"Subject: re : contract agreement  habiba ,  looks good to me . pleasure to work with you .  vince  habiba bayi @ enron _ development  04 / 03 / 2000 06 : 23 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : contract agreement  hi ,  attached is the draft copy of the agreement for your review . i will call  lacima in london in the morning to fill in the gaps for the name of the book ,  the date they intend to publish it and the name of the person who will sign  on their behalf . as soon as i get your comments back , i will send the copy  to david , our attorney , and copy you as well .  thank you .  habiba",0,contract agreement habiba looks good pleasure work vince habiba bayi enron development pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject contract agreement hi attached draft copy agreement review call lacima london morning fill gaps name book date intend publish name person sign behalf soon get comments back send copy david attorney copy well thank habiba
"Subject: re : information  vince ,  i will look into this right away . i am sorry for the slow response . in the  future please send me e - mails at shalesh _ ganjoo @ enron . net because i check  that address more frequently than this one . thank you .  shalesh ganjoo  vince j kaminski  11 / 21 / 2000 09 : 15 am  to : shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : information  shalesh ,  please , look into it . can we give them this information ?  i see a remote possibility of a gain for enron : it ' s in our interest to  support  the growth of this market and part of the process is development of the  infrastructure for this market and maintaining public interest .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 21 / 2000  09 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" yann d ' halluin "" on 11 / 16 / 2000 01 : 18 : 39 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : information  dear sir :  the scientific computation group at the university of  waterloo , ontario , canada , has recently started to be very  interested in the recent developments of the bandwidth  market . we find that the specifics of the bandwidth market  offer challenges from the modelling point  of view .  however , we have encountered difficulties when looking for  data , and we were wondering if you could help us . specifically  we would like to know for a given city pair for the different  existing type of lines ( e . g . oc 3 , ocl 2 , oc 48 . . . . )  1 . what has been the spot lease prices ( e . g . $ / line - type / mile ) for  the past 12 months ?  2 . what is the price of the dark fiber for a given type of line ?  3 . what is the maintenance cost $ / month ?  ( for the same lines , e . g . oc 3 , ocl 2 , oc 48 , . . . )  4 . what is the upgrading cost for the different lines ?  ( e . g . how much does it cost to upgrade )  oc 3 - - > ocl 2  oc 3 - - > oc 48  ocl 2 - - > oc 48  5 . how long does it take to upgrade a line from a certain  capacity to another ( e . g . 1 month , 2 month , . . . ) ?  we realize that some of these questions may ask for confidential  data , in that case we would really appreciate if an order of magnitude  was provided . i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  yann d ' halluin  p . s : here is a link to our web page :  http : / / www . scicom . uwaterloo . ca  - -  this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  are addressed . any unauthorized review , use , disclosure or distribution  is prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient , please contact  the sender by reply e - mail and destroy all copies of the original  message . ",0,information vince look right away sorry slow response future please send e mails shalesh ganjoo enron net check address frequently one thank shalesh ganjoo vince j kaminski shalesh ganjoo hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect subject information shalesh please look give information see remote possibility gain enron interest support growth market part process development infrastructure market maintaining public interest vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect yann halluin pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject information dear sir scientific computation group university waterloo ontario canada recently started interested recent developments bandwidth market find specifics bandwidth market offer challenges modelling point view however encountered difficulties looking data wondering could help us specifically would like know given city pair different existing type lines e g oc ocl oc spot lease prices e g line type mile past months price dark fiber given type line maintenance cost month lines e g oc ocl oc upgrading cost different lines e g much cost upgrade oc ocl oc oc ocl oc long take upgrade line certain capacity another e g month month realize questions may ask confidential data case would really appreciate order magnitude provided look forward hearing sincerely yann halluin p link web page http www scicom uwaterloo ca email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed unauthorized review use disclosure distribution prohibited intended recipient please contact sender reply e mail destroy copies original message
"Subject: re : resume ,  molly ,  i would like to invite this student for an interview ,  sometimes in late december when things slow down .  interviews with all my direct reports and george hopley .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  09 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 32 pm  to : jinbaek kim @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : resume ,  jinbaek ,  we shall invite you to an interview in houston .  vince  jinbaek kim on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 25 : 36 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : resume ,  dear mr . kaminski ,  hi ,  i am a ph . d student at ieor department at u . c . berkeley .  thanks for your presentation today .  it gave me knowledge and interest in electricity markets ,  and your company .  as you mentioned in the presentation ,  i send a resume to give me opportunity to learn more  about your company .  i hope i can join the super saturday event .  jinbaek  - resume . doc",0,resume molly would like invite student interview sometimes late december things slow interviews direct reports george hopley vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vince j kaminski pm jinbaek kim enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject resume jinbaek shall invite interview houston vince jinbaek kim pm vkamins enron com cc subject resume dear mr kaminski hi ph student ieor department u c berkeley thanks presentation today gave knowledge interest electricity markets company mentioned presentation send resume give opportunity learn company hope join super saturday event jinbaek resume doc
"Subject: ( no subject )  vince ,  here are the overview powerpoint slides for the investment and strategic  relationship management firm , azure capital , i mentioned in my voice  mail . the transactions they completed in their past lives at csfb and  already in the new firm , as well as their advisory board are probably  the strongest evidence of their capabilities .  hope all is well .  blake  - azure slides . ppt",0,subject vince overview powerpoint slides investment strategic relationship management firm azure capital mentioned voice mail transactions completed past lives csfb already new firm well advisory board probably strongest evidence capabilities hope well blake azure slides ppt
"Subject: tiger team info  vince ,  here is the info re : tiger team . i haven ' t opened it yet , but i will have my  group work on any of the general enron information requested .  thanks for your time and input this morning !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000  03 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  piazze on 10 / 10 / 2000 10 : 49 : 35 am  to : "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : tiger team info  christie :  nice talking with you and vince this morning . the project sounds very  exciting and we look forward to working with enron .  attached is info for your review . let me know if there is further info i  can provide to you .  sincerely ,  donna piazze  program director  field application project  the wharton school  univ . of pennsylvania  ( 215 ) 573 - 8394  ( 215 ) 573 - 5727 fax  fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu  piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu  - tiger team brochure 2000 - 2001 . doc  - tiger host responsibilities . doc  - non - disclosure - redraft 1 _ . doc  - 2001 field application form 1 . doc  - 2001 field application form 2 . doc",0,tiger team info vince info tiger team opened yet group work general enron information requested thanks time input morning christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm piazze christie patrick enron com cc subject tiger team info christie nice talking vince morning project sounds exciting look forward working enron attached info review let know info provide sincerely donna piazze program director field application project wharton school univ pennsylvania fax fap management wharton upenn edu piazze wharton upenn edu tiger team brochure doc tiger host responsibilities doc non disclosure redraft doc field application form doc field application form doc
"Subject: re : enron exotica options library  patrick ,  we have those two models in the exotica library . you need to add exotica . xll  located in o : \ research \ exotica \ xll to your excel before you can use the  functions .  you can find the documentation in o : \ research \ exotica \ doc .  example spreadsheets can be found in o : \ research \ exotica \ .  the precedure of addin is as follows .  1 ) clik tools / addin on your excel  2 ) choose browse and got to o : \ research \ exotica \ xll  3 ) select exotica . xll or its identical copy exotical . xll  4 ) answer the question "" copy . . . "" no .  5 ) click ok , then you should see exotica menu bar pop up .  if you have any more questions please let me know .  zimin  vince j kaminski  11 / 21 / 2000 08 : 06 am  to : patrick markey / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enron exotica options library  patrick ,  please , contact zimin lu , 713 853 6388 .  vince  patrick markey  11 / 21 / 2000 05 : 15 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : patrick markey / hou / ect @ ect  subject : enron exotica options library  vince ,  i am trying to price a crack spread option utilizing either of the following  models in the exotica library :  1 . spread options by 1 - d integration - sprdopt  2 . spread options on asian spreads - asnsprd  how do i get access to these options models ? who can i visit with in the  houston group if i have any questions regarding the models . your help would  be greatly appreciated . i am located in singapore , so i would probably be  visiting with the houston personnel via e - mail .  thanks ,  pat markey  p . s . - i have access to the o : \ research \ exotica \ xll \ xll _ templates \ directory ;  however , there are no macros associated with the programs that i can find .  also , i don ' t have access to the m : drive . please let me know where to find  these options models .",0,enron exotica options library patrick two models exotica library need add exotica xll located research exotica xll excel use functions find documentation research exotica doc example spreadsheets found research exotica precedure addin follows clik tools addin excel choose browse got research exotica xll select exotica xll identical copy exotical xll answer question copy click ok see exotica menu bar pop questions please let know zimin vince j kaminski patrick markey hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect subject enron exotica options library patrick please contact zimin lu vince patrick markey vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc patrick markey hou ect ect subject enron exotica options library vince trying price crack spread option utilizing either following models exotica library spread options integration sprdopt spread options asian spreads asnsprd get access options models visit houston group questions regarding models help would greatly appreciated located singapore would probably visiting houston personnel via e mail thanks pat markey p access research exotica xll xll templates directory however macros associated programs find also access drive please let know find options models
"Subject: entouch newsletter  business highlights  enron industrial markets  enron industrial markets has recently completed the first transaction for a  new 60 - day fixed price product for the lumber industry . available for  delivery in houston and dallas , the product is offered by enron in the  over - the - counter market and via clickpaper . com , enron  , s internet - based  transaction system dedicated to the forest products industry . the first  transaction was completed via clickpaper . com on march 14 with a major lumber  buyer in the southern united states . this represents the first online fixed  price transaction contract in the industry . with the growing volatility in  the lumber industry , the availability of a long - term fixed price product  provides companies with another opportunity to mitigate their exposure .  additionally , this transaction represents the convergence of enron  , s  increasing involvement in physical lumber transactions with our recognized  expertise in financial risk management .  in addition , eim has announced that it has completed its acquisition of the  quebec city , canada newsprint mill and related assets from daishowa forest  products ltd . in july 2000 , enron purchased garden state paper , a recycled  newsprint mill located in garfield , nj . the acquisition of the daishowa mill  now positions enron as the seventh largest producer of newsprint in north  america . the daishowa mill in quebec city will now be called papiers  stadacona . the new name has great historical significance to the local  community in quebec city . when jacques cartier first explored the mouth of  the st . charles river in 1535 , the aboriginal people living there referred to  the village as stadacona . this is now the site of modern - day quebec city .  enron freight markets  in march , enron freight markets ( efm ) completed the acquisition of webmodal ,  inc to help launch the traditional intermediary transportation business . efm  also started its spot trading business and completed 981 transactions in its  first month .  east power origination  on tuesday , april 3 , the st . lucie county commission voted 3 - 2 to approve the  midway energy center near fort pierce , florida , which is a 510 megawatt  peaking power plant . next steps for this facility include receiving a water  permit from the south florida water management district and an environmental  resource permit ( erp ) from the florida department of environmental protection .  enron canada  ken lay addressed a breakfast meeting of the toronto board of trade on  wednesday , april 4 , as part of the "" power breakfast series "" . his topic was  "" moving forward with electricity deregulation . "" before his speech , the  chairman of the board of trade commented that "" this was the best attendance  ever "" at one of their breakfast meetings . after the meeting , mr . lay spoke  with reporters from reuters , the globe and mail , the national post , and  report on business tv emphasizing enron ' s commitment to deregulation of the  ontario power market .  in the news  japan : enron presents power plant plan to japan government  tokyo , u . s . - based enron corp on wednesday presented plans to build a  liquefied natural gas ( lng ) fired power plant in northern japan , aiming to  become the first foreign company to build such a plant in japan . the move  brings enron one step closer to realizing its plan to build a power plant  with an initial capacity of two million kilowatts in aomori prefecture .  "" we submitted our basic plan to build the plant to the governor of aomori  prefecture today in line with last november ' s announcement , "" tatsuro seguchi ,  president of enron corp ' s japanese affiliate encom corp , told a news  conference . "" we are aiming to start construction of the plant in 2004 and  start operations by 2007 since japan ' s power market is one of our highest  priorities , "" he said . 03 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c )  reuters limited 2001 .  welcome  new hires  egm - lyelle bellard , damian nelson , edward soo , jonathan whitehead  eim - elsa aguilar , melia dickson , john hark , phaedra jones , maricar jose ,  ian mccrory , mirella bertrone , roland holub , arthur miller , miriam watson ,  richard albert , randy biagini , thomas duchnicki , diego tabbachino  ena - mitra mujica , karen phillips , sarah domonoskie , kelly donlevy - lee  transfers ( to or within )  ena - john moore , mitchell robinson , larry valderrama , holden salisbury ,  grace rodriguez , mary martinez , dominic carolan , kari oquinn , katherine  kelly , david fuller , anguel grigorov , oren zimmerman , chuanli deng , glenn  surowiec , tharsilla broussard , geynille dillingham , philip conn , lola  weller , christina brandli , noemi camacho , randel young , ina rangel  egm - shelia benke , homer lin , william mckone , william berkeland , valarie  curry , tomas tellez  eim - allen ueckert , john w . jennings , sarveen kohli  nuggets & notes  the next ews brown bag is scheduled for april 19 with tim battaglia  discussing the steel industry .  legal stuff  the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary  to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only  and should not be disclosed .",0,entouch newsletter business highlights enron industrial markets enron industrial markets recently completed first transaction new day fixed price product lumber industry available delivery houston dallas product offered enron counter market via clickpaper com enron internet based transaction system dedicated forest products industry first transaction completed via clickpaper com march major lumber buyer southern united states represents first online fixed price transaction contract industry growing volatility lumber industry availability long term fixed price product provides companies another opportunity mitigate exposure additionally transaction represents convergence enron increasing involvement physical lumber transactions recognized expertise financial risk management addition eim announced completed acquisition quebec city canada newsprint mill related assets daishowa forest products ltd july enron purchased garden state paper recycled newsprint mill located garfield nj acquisition daishowa mill positions enron seventh largest producer newsprint north america daishowa mill quebec city called papiers stadacona new name great historical significance local community quebec city jacques cartier first explored mouth st charles river aboriginal people living referred village stadacona site modern day quebec city enron freight markets march enron freight markets efm completed acquisition webmodal inc help launch traditional intermediary transportation business efm also started spot trading business completed transactions first month east power origination tuesday april st lucie county commission voted approve midway energy center near fort pierce florida megawatt peaking power plant next steps facility include receiving water permit south florida water management district environmental resource permit erp florida department environmental protection enron canada ken lay addressed breakfast meeting toronto board trade wednesday april part power breakfast series topic moving forward electricity deregulation speech chairman board trade commented best attendance ever one breakfast meetings meeting mr lay spoke reporters reuters globe mail national post report business tv emphasizing enron commitment deregulation ontario power market news japan enron presents power plant plan japan government tokyo u based enron corp wednesday presented plans build liquefied natural gas lng fired power plant northern japan aiming become first foreign company build plant japan move brings enron one step closer realizing plan build power plant initial capacity two million kilowatts aomori prefecture submitted basic plan build plant governor aomori prefecture today line last november announcement tatsuro seguchi president enron corp japanese affiliate encom corp told news conference aiming start construction plant start operations since japan power market one highest priorities said reuters english news service c reuters limited welcome new hires egm lyelle bellard damian nelson edward soo jonathan whitehead eim elsa aguilar melia dickson john hark phaedra jones maricar jose ian mccrory mirella bertrone roland holub arthur miller miriam watson richard albert randy biagini thomas duchnicki diego tabbachino ena mitra mujica karen phillips sarah domonoskie kelly donlevy lee transfers within ena john moore mitchell robinson larry valderrama holden salisbury grace rodriguez mary martinez dominic carolan kari oquinn katherine kelly david fuller anguel grigorov oren zimmerman chuanli deng glenn surowiec tharsilla broussard geynille dillingham philip conn lola weller christina brandli noemi camacho randel young ina rangel egm shelia benke homer lin william mckone william berkeland valarie curry tomas tellez eim allen ueckert john w jennings sarveen kohli nuggets notes next ews brown bag scheduled april tim battaglia discussing steel industry legal stuff information contained newsletter confidential proprietary enron corp subsidiaries intended internal use disclosed
"Subject: quick cash !  sell your timeshare !  if you ' re interested in selling or renting  your timeshare or vacation membership  we can help !  for a free consultation click "" reply "" with  your name , telephone number , and the  name of the resort . we will contact you  shortly !  removal instructions :  to be removed from this list , please  reply with "" remove "" in the subject line .  http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork",1,quick cash sell timeshare interested selling renting timeshare vacation membership help free consultation click reply name telephone number name resort contact shortly removal instructions removed list please reply remove subject line http xent com mailman listinfo fork
"Subject: re : durasoft - - java class  what do you think about option 2 ?  - - sg  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 30 / 2001  12 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" siva thiagarajan "" on 01 / 30 / 2001 08 : 55 : 55 am  to :  cc :  subject : re : durasoft - - java class  stinson ,  ?  here are some options considering what you have  said :  ?  1 ) ? we can do a full week of class from may 7 to 11 .  ?  2 ) ? the second option is to split the course over two weeks .  if you cannot possibly accomodate a full week of training  then we can try this . ? we have done this before and it has  worked fairly well . ? it would be like :  ?  week 1 ( 20 hours ) : ? feb 20 - 23 , tue - fri , 12 : 00 to 5 : 00  week 2 ( 20 hours ) : ? april 9 - 12 , mon - thu , 12 : 00 to 5 : 00  ?  these are the only two weeks that are available for venkat  to teach before may 7 th date . ?  ?  please let me know if these would work . ? i look forward to  hearing from you . ?  ?  regards ,  ?  - siva  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  to : siva @ durasoftcorp . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ;  clayton . vernon @ enron . com  date : monday , january 29 , 2001 4 : 01 pm  subject : re : durasoft - - java class  siva , ? ? ? ? i will have to check and see if we can accomodate a 5 day 8 to  class . ? ? ? also , president ' s day is a holiday for us , so we may have to look  at a later date .  - - stinson  "" siva thiagarajan "" on 01 / 29 / 2001 08 : 51 : 02 am  to : ? ?  cc :  subject : ? re : durasoft - - java class  stinson ,  i have attached a file along with this email  that lists the software needed for our  java class .  we would like to do the class from monday thru  friday , 8 am to 5 pm . ? that way we can complete  the class within a ? week . ? we are unable to offer  classes in the evenings or for few hours a week .  we usually teach week long courses for our  other clients and because of that ? we won ' t  be available .  currently , we can do the class from feb . 19 th  through feb . 23 ( that is if you are working on  feb 19 th , president ' s day ) .  i will call ? you sometime this afternoon to talk  further . ? please feel free to reach me if you have  any further questions in the mean time .  regards ,  - siva  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  to : siva @ durasoftcorp . com  date : friday , january 26 , 2001 5 : 52 pm  subject : re : durasoft - - java class  >  > siva ,  >  > a few additional questions . ? ? can you tell me what software would be  > required for the students ? ? ? also , ? when would venkat be available to  start  > the class and what type of schedule would you recommend ? ? ? would having  two  > hour classes twice a week from , say , 4 - 6 pm work ? ? we have a high level of  > interest and just need to iron out the details . ? ? feel free to call me  > ( late afternoon on monday might be best ) at 713 853 4748 or email .  >  > - - stinson  >  >  >  ( see attached file : javasoftwareneeds . htm )",0,durasoft java class think option sg forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm siva thiagarajan cc subject durasoft java class stinson options considering said full week class may second option split course two weeks possibly accomodate full week training try done worked fairly well would like week hours feb tue fri week hours april mon thu two weeks available venkat teach may th date please let know would work look forward hearing regards siva original message stinson gibner enron com siva durasoftcorp com cc vince j kaminski enron com clayton vernon enron com date monday january pm subject durasoft java class siva check see accomodate day class also president day holiday us may look later date stinson siva thiagarajan cc subject durasoft java class stinson attached file along email lists software needed java class would like class monday thru friday pm way complete class within week unable offer classes evenings hours week usually teach week long courses clients available currently class feb th feb working feb th president day call sometime afternoon talk please feel free reach questions mean time regards siva original message stinson gibner enron com siva durasoftcorp com date friday january pm subject durasoft java class siva additional questions tell software would required students also would venkat available start class type schedule would recommend would two hour classes twice week say pm work high level interest need iron details feel free call late afternoon monday might best email stinson see attached file javasoftwareneeds htm
"Subject: contact information  dear mr . kaminski ,  i sent my resume to your well respected company a few weeks ago  in regards to establishing a long - lasting career with them . i never  received a response and was wondering if you knew who was in charge of  the electric power disbatching / scheduling department or know of who i  may contact to inquire this information ? i know you are a very busy  professional and i apologize for the inconvenience . thank you for your  valuable time .  warmest regards ,  eric hilton",0,contact information dear mr kaminski sent resume well respected company weeks ago regards establishing long lasting career never received response wondering knew charge electric power disbatching scheduling department know may contact inquire information know busy professional apologize inconvenience thank valuable time warmest regards eric hilton
Subject: considered unsolicited bulk email from you  your message to :  - > info @ rgbaz . com  was considered unsolicited bulk e - mail ( ube ) .  subject : just to her . . .  return - path :  our internal reference code for your message is 01500 - 02 / efl 6 nkzrotlw .  delivery of the email was stopped !,1,considered unsolicited bulk email message info rgbaz com considered unsolicited bulk e mail ube subject return path internal reference code message efl nkzrotlw delivery email stopped
"Subject: henwood stuff and thoughts about valuation  did you guys get this ?  i was too interested in the conversation to interrupt with comments about  risk / return if the decision would be covered in rates , it is the  customers ' curves or equivalently the puc ' s curve .  i think if i were going to approach valuation in commodities where the  assumptions of black / scholes do not apply , i would start with the capm for  large industries in an area , use pro formas to translate this to utility  curves for the input commodities , and add the utility curves .  another issue : the factor that explains why enron is lowest bidder is its  role in the market . in the 1930 s , keynes argued that if most market  participants with long position were hedgers , futures prices would be higher  than spot ; if they were speculators or traders , future prices would be lower  than spot . traders must be compensated for holding the risk ; hedgers  ( including utilities and consumers ) are willing to pay a premium for the  certainty . consequently , enron traders have bigger bid / ask spreads and lower  bid prices .  just some random thoughts ,  michael  - - - - - original message - - - - -  date : 01 / 04 / 2001 10 : 41 am ( thursday )  from : "" heather mason ""  to : hq 3 . em 5 ( michael schilmoeller )  mark your calendar - tuesday january 23 , 2001 downtown houston hyatt hotel  henwood will be hosting a comprehensive ercot symposium on tuesday , january  23 , 2001 . a team of henwood regional power market specialists will be  presenting the latest analysis and  information to assist you in preparing for the new ercot restructured power  market , in addition to an anlysis of the issues now playing out in the wscc  markets . coffee and registration will  begin at 9 : 30 am and the program will run until 3 : 00 pm . lunch and snacks  will be provided .  agenda topics include :  * what will be the critical - success factors for qualified scheduling entities  operating in ercot ' s new wholesale & retail markets ?  * how will market restructuring impact mid to long - term wholesale prices ?  * what is the outlook for new generation ?  * what are the impacts of upcoming emission regulations on ercot ' s generation  resources ?  * what are the new analytical tools available to capture market uncertainty  impacts to your supply contracts and generation assets ?  * what are the restructuring lessons learned from the california experience  and the implications to ercot ?  in conjunction with this program , henwood will have a demonstration room  available to present its latest software applications and e - business  solutions . a nominal $ 75 registration fee is required  to reserve a space in the workshop .  for more information or to reserve your spot , please contact heather mason at  henwood : hmason @ hesinet . com or 916 / 569 - 0985 .  about henwood : henwood offers integrated business solutions , strategic  consulting , and innovative e - business applications to meet the challenges of  the restructured energy markets throughout  north america , australia , and europe , serving clients that include eight of  the ten top utilities in north america , in addition to energy services  providers and power marketers .",0,henwood stuff thoughts valuation guys get interested conversation interrupt comments risk return decision would covered rates customers curves equivalently puc curve think going approach valuation commodities assumptions black scholes apply would start capm large industries area use pro formas translate utility curves input commodities add utility curves another issue factor explains enron lowest bidder role market keynes argued market participants long position hedgers futures prices would higher spot speculators traders future prices would lower spot traders must compensated holding risk hedgers including utilities consumers willing pay premium certainty consequently enron traders bigger bid ask spreads lower bid prices random thoughts michael original message date thursday heather mason hq em michael schilmoeller mark calendar tuesday january downtown houston hyatt hotel henwood hosting comprehensive ercot symposium tuesday january team henwood regional power market specialists presenting latest analysis information assist preparing new ercot restructured power market addition anlysis issues playing wscc markets coffee registration begin program run pm lunch snacks provided agenda topics include critical success factors qualified scheduling entities operating ercot new wholesale retail markets market restructuring impact mid long term wholesale prices outlook new generation impacts upcoming emission regulations ercot generation resources new analytical tools available capture market uncertainty impacts supply contracts generation assets restructuring lessons learned california experience implications ercot conjunction program henwood demonstration room available present latest software applications e business solutions nominal registration fee required reserve space workshop information reserve spot please contact heather mason henwood hmason hesinet com henwood henwood offers integrated business solutions strategic consulting innovative e business applications meet challenges restructured energy markets throughout north america australia europe serving clients include eight ten top utilities north america addition energy services providers power marketers
"Subject: luncheon at cera roundtable in houston  cambridge energy research associates ( cera ) is pleased that you will be  joining us on wednesday , november 1 , 2000 for our roundtable sessions at the  four seasons hotel ? in houston , texas . ? during the roundtable day , our  luncheon in between sessions will feature a special presentation from cera ' s  latin america energy expert , sondra scott , speaking about the future of  mexico ' s energy industry .  as a participant in cera ' s roundtables on november 1 , you are already  registered for this luncheon . ?  we look forward to your participation .  sincerely ,  alberto bullrich ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? lauren  laidlaw ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  business development ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? associate  * * special update on "" brazil : market rules and power plays "" * *  our multiclient study , "" brazil : market rules and power plays "" is now being  completed . ? this study is a powerful tool to help evaluate current and future  strategies , test investment decisions , manage uncertainty , and capture  opportunities in this exciting power market . it will serve as both a  blueprint for your immediate business planning needs and a guide for  monitoring and enhancing your strategic planning for near - and long - term  developments . ? for more information on this study , please visit our website  at http : / / eprofile . cera . com / offerings / mcs / brazpow /",0,luncheon cera roundtable houston cambridge energy research associates cera pleased joining us wednesday november roundtable sessions four seasons hotel houston texas roundtable day luncheon sessions feature special presentation cera latin america energy expert sondra scott speaking future mexico energy industry participant cera roundtables november already registered luncheon look forward participation sincerely alberto bullrich lauren laidlaw business development associate special update brazil market rules power plays multiclient study brazil market rules power plays completed study powerful tool help evaluate current future strategies test investment decisions manage uncertainty capture opportunities exciting power market serve blueprint immediate business planning needs guide monitoring enhancing strategic planning near long term developments information study please visit website http eprofile cera com offerings mcs brazpow
"Subject: wharton tiger team agenda  friends ,  attached below are please find :  1 . wharton tiger team agenda , friday , 19 january 2001 , 7 : 30 am - 4 : 30 pm ;  2 . wharton tiger team brochure ( explaining the program ) .  thank you in advance for your participation . meeting room 32 c 2 will be  equipped for computer presentations . the format of your presentation is  entirely up to you - - formal , conversational , computerized , hard copy - - however  you feel most comfortable . we ' re currently expecting a total of 18 in the  group .  everyone is invited to come to churrasco ' s this evening . the wharton group  will be picked up from the warwick at 6 : 30 , so should arrive at the  restaurant at about 6 : 45 - 7 p . please come if you can !  thanks again ! this is an enthusiastic , talented group of prospective enron  recruits - - and their research efforts might also well prove interesting to our  businesses .  regards - - christie .",0,wharton tiger team agenda friends attached please find wharton tiger team agenda friday january pm wharton tiger team brochure explaining program thank advance participation meeting room c equipped computer presentations format presentation entirely formal conversational computerized hard copy however feel comfortable currently expecting total group everyone invited come churrasco evening wharton group picked warwick arrive restaurant p please come thanks enthusiastic talented group prospective enron recruits research efforts might also well prove interesting businesses regards christie
"Subject: wti trading simulation presentation  john ,  i prepared the presentation in the way we discussed on wednesday .  in summary i have included the following scenarios :  tenor : 1 , 3 , 5 years back from nov , 2000  1 , 3 , 5 years back from nov , 1998  1 , 3 , 5 years back from nov . 1995  number of trade per day : 200 , 600 , 1000  bid - offer spread : $ 0 . 04 and $ 0 . 06  net open position allowed : 1 , 000 , 000 and 5 , 000 , 000  volume per trade is fixed at 1 , 000 bbl .  all together , there are 9 * 12 = 108 scenarios included in the presentation .  i will be on vocation starting next week . but i will check my e - mail and  phone  messages to make modifications you need .  happy holidays ,  zimin",0,wti trading simulation presentation john prepared presentation way discussed wednesday summary included following scenarios tenor years back nov years back nov years back nov number trade per day bid offer spread net open position allowed volume per trade fixed bbl together scenarios included presentation vocation starting next week check e mail phone messages make modifications need happy holidays zimin
"Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) .  your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation  is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com  and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin  providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms  completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please contact the pep help desk at :  houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4  london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4  email : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a  status of "" open . "" once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request  for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list .  review group : enron  feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct 26 , 2000  tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000  villarreal , norma e sheila h walton oct 26 , 2000  walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000  yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000",0,year end performance feedback note receive message time selected reviewer selected participate year end performance management process providing meaningful feedback specific employee feedback plays important role process participation critical success enron performance management goals complete requests feedback access pep http pep corp enron com select perform review performance review services may begin providing feedback immediately requested feedback forms completed friday november questions regarding pep responsibility process please contact pep help desk houston option london option email perfmgmt enron com thank participation important process following cumulative list employee feedback requests status open submitted declined employee request feedback name longer appear list review group enron feedback due date nov employee name supervisor name date selected crenshaw shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct tamarchenko tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct villarreal norma e sheila h walton oct walton sheila h david oxley oct yaman sevil vasant shanbhogue oct
"Subject: research  mike ,  vince and i are eager to see if our group can play a role in helping you in  your development work using some combination of the or experts in our group  and the resources to which we have access at stanford .  can we get together for a short planning session when you are next in  houston ? please let me know your schedule , or have your assistant coordinate  a time with vince ' s assistant , shirley crenshaw ( x 35290 ) .  thanks ,  stinson",0,research mike vince eager see group play role helping development work using combination experts group resources access stanford get together short planning session next houston please let know schedule assistant coordinate time vince assistant shirley crenshaw x thanks stinson
"Subject: your lap top  vince :  the it migration team called and said that they need an email from you  stating that you do not want your lap top "" ghost upped "" ? ( not sure if this  is the correct term ) . they said they were supposed to do this to all  computers during the migration process , but since you requested that  they not do this , then they need an email from you with this request .  you need to send the email to : kacee downey / enron @ enronxgate  thanks !  shirley",0,lap top vince migration team called said need email stating want lap top ghost upped sure correct term said supposed computers migration process since requested need email request need send email kacee downey enron enronxgate thanks shirley
"Subject: re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  vince : i don ' t think that you could have summarized the situation any  better ! ! ! i will be happy to respond to neil as you suggested .  thanks ,  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 24 / 2001 11 : 02 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  molly ,  thanks for the update . two points .  please , let neil mcgregor know that many possible proposals were floated  with regard to anshuman and there was some noise in the system .  we need ll visa anyway and we decided to go ahead an arrange it .  i shall also write to him and explain the confusion .  also , if i have the choice between upsetting neil or jeffs ( shankman and  skilling ) ,  i shall choose neil .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 13 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  vince : apparently neil mcgregor became upset when he received margaret  daffin ' s email . he is saying , however , that anshuman will only be in  houston for one month , and you had mentioned six months when we spoke  earlier . it really doesn ' t make any difference since he will need to get an  ll visa under either circumstance , but i thought you might want to see his  email .  molly  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by molly magee / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 09  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  margaret daffin  01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 57 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  molly : per our conversation today . please let me know the status so that i  can proceed with the visa process .  thanks  margaret  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001  09 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  neil mcgregor @ enron _ development  01 / 24 / 2001 05 : 18 am  to : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  anshuman is not moving or immigrating to the us . we are allowing him to work  for a lmonth assignment in the us with enron . please carry out the necessary  approvals and visa ' s on this basis .  neil mcgregor  ceo dabhol power  margaret daffin @ ect  01 / 23 / 2001 10 : 31 pm  to : anshuman . srivastav @ enron . com  cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jane  allen / hou / ect @ ect , timothy callahan / na / enron @ enron , ranendra  sengupta / enron _ development @ enron _ development , wade  cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , neil  mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development @ ect , harsimran  subject : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  anshuman : i have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to  houston , texas . in order that i may begin the process of getting you an ll  immigration visa , i will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire  and return it to me with copies of the following documents :  a copy of all pages of your passport , even if blank  copies of all previous us visas issued  an updated resume , showing months and years  copies of all diplomas and transcripts received  if you have dependent family members coming to the states with you , copies of  their passports  please send to my attention , via fedex to :  enron corp .  3 allen center , 3 ac 2026 a  333 clay street  houston , tx 77002  please call me with any questions you may have at 713 - 345 - 5083 .",0,visa anshuman shrivastava vince think could summarized situation better happy respond neil suggested thanks molly vince j kaminski molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject visa anshuman shrivastava molly thanks update two points please let neil mcgregor know many possible proposals floated regard anshuman noise system need visa anyway decided go ahead arrange shall also write explain confusion also choice upsetting neil jeffs shankman skilling shall choose neil vince enron north america corp molly magee vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject visa anshuman shrivastava vince apparently neil mcgregor became upset received margaret daffin email saying however anshuman houston one month mentioned six months spoke earlier really make difference since need get visa either circumstance thought might want see email molly forwarded molly magee hou ect margaret daffin molly magee hou ect ect cc subject visa anshuman shrivastava molly per conversation today please let know status proceed visa process thanks margaret forwarded margaret daffin hou ect neil mcgregor enron development margaret daffin hou ect ect cc wade cline enron development enron development subject visa anshuman shrivastava anshuman moving immigrating us allowing work lmonth assignment us enron please carry necessary approvals visa basis neil mcgregor ceo dabhol power margaret daffin ect pm anshuman srivastav enron com cc molly magee hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect jane allen hou ect ect timothy callahan na enron enron ranendra sengupta enron development enron development wade cline enron development enron development neil mcgregor enron development enron development ect harsimran subject visa anshuman shrivastava anshuman asked contact regarding possible move houston texas order may begin process getting immigration visa need complete attached visa questionnaire return copies following documents copy pages passport even blank copies previous us visas issued updated resume showing months years copies diplomas transcripts received dependent family members coming states copies passports please send attention via fedex enron corp allen center ac clay street houston tx please call questions may
"Subject: uoft  rick ,  thanks for your message . i shall talk to greg whalley about his  participation .  vince",0,uoft rick thanks message shall talk greg whalley participation vince
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corei painter ix  $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  lincoin ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishing software corei macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corei desiqner quickbooks professional edition adobe pagemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere eiements corei painter ix adobe lilustrator cs adobe lndesiqn cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker uiead cooi production studio aiias motion buiider professionai quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop eiements adobe premiere pro learn sincereiy lincoin
"Subject: re : file cabinet for mike roberts  kevin g moore  11 / 20 / 2000 12 : 14 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : file cabinet for mike roberts  this file cabinet will also be located on the  32 nd floor .  what i will try and attempt is keeping all weather data nearby therefore ,  once  we move into the new building the information will not be lost .  thanks  kevin moore  shirley crenshaw  11 / 20 / 2000 11 : 24 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  subject : file cabinet for mike roberts  vince :  since we have to clear kevin ' s office for the new employee jaesoo lew ,  can kevin order a tall file cabinet to put the material in ?  thanks !  shirley  vince j kaminski  11 / 20 / 2000 10 : 55 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : "" skunkworks "" meeting with scott tholan  shirley ,  no , that ' s it .  vince  shirley crenshaw  11 / 20 / 2000 10 : 06 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  subject : "" skunkworks "" meeting with scott tholan  the "" skunkworks "" meeting with scott tholan scheduled for this wednesday ,  the 22 nd has been cancelled , per scott tholan .  mike / vince : is there anyone else , that needs to be notified ?  thanks !  shirley",0,file cabinet mike roberts kevin g moore pm mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject file cabinet mike roberts file cabinet also located nd floor try attempt keeping weather data nearby therefore move new building information lost thanks kevin moore shirley crenshaw vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc kevin g moore hou ect ect subject file cabinet mike roberts vince since clear kevin office new employee jaesoo lew kevin order tall file cabinet put material thanks shirley vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject skunkworks meeting scott tholan shirley vince shirley crenshaw vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc kevin g moore hou ect ect subject skunkworks meeting scott tholan skunkworks meeting scott tholan scheduled wednesday nd cancelled per scott tholan mike vince anyone else needs notified thanks shirley
"Subject: re : energy derivative courses  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 10 / 2000  07 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  03 / 10 / 2000 07 : 06 am  to : lacima @ enron  cc :  subject : re : energy derivative courses  hi julie :  here is the information you requested :  name : vince kaminski  title : managing director and head of research  company : enron corp .  address : 1400 smith street - ebl 962  houston , tx 77002  telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 3848 ( vince ) - ( 713 ) 853 - 5290 ( shirley )  fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2503  if you need anything else , please let me know .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  lacima @ compuserve . com > on 03 / 09 / 2000 04 : 09 : 20 pm  to : enron  cc :  subject : energy derivative courses  dear shriley ,  thank you for registering vince kaminski for the energy courses to be held in  houston ,  29 - 31 march .  to complete the registration , could you please provide and confirm the  following details :  name : vince kaminski  position :  company : enron corporate research  address :  phone : 713 / 853 - 5290  fax :  we will invoice you for the course fees , and upon payment , we will forward  the pre - course  reading material via email .  the course will be held at the hyatt in downtown houston .  please contact me if you require additional information .  sincerely ,  julie brennan  lacima consultants  - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded message - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : "" shirley crenshaw "" , internet : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  to : [ unknown ] , chris _ strickland  date : 3 / 8 / 100 5 : 20 pm  re : energy derivative courses  good afternoon professor strickland :  please register vince kaminski for both the energy derivatives : pricing  and risk management course and the v @ r course , scheduled for  march 29 , 30 and 31 st .  please forward method of payment preferred .  thank you very much .  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 / 853 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2000  04 : 18  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 08 / 2000 10 : 02 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : energy derivative courses  shirley ,  please , enroll me in this course .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2000  10 : 02  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chris strickland on 03 / 07 / 2000 12 : 20 : 40 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson  cc :  subject : energy derivative courses  dear vince / grant ,  it was good to meet and talk with you both this morning - very interesting .  here are the details of the course ( actually there are two seperate  courses , one on var ) that i promised you .  i hope to see you both again later in the month .  best regards .  chris .  course 1 : energy derivatives : pricing and risk management  -  course leaders : dr les clewlow and dr chris strickland  houston : 29 - 30 march 2000  london : 3 - 4 april 2000  fee : stg 1950 / usd 2950  this is an intermediate course aimed at the energy professional who is  familiar with energy derivative products but who requires the mathematical  foundations of derivative pricing and an understanding of the pricing and  risk management of energy derivatives .  this course assumes that participants are familiar with standard basic  option pricing theory ( the black - scholes formula , monte carlo simulation ,  and the use of binomial trees for option pricing ) .  the format for the course will follow our usual highly practical and  successful style of alternate sessions of lectures and excel based computer  workshops . to facilitate intensive interaction , the course will be limited  to a maximum of 15 participants so early booking is advisable .  the excel based computer workshops deal with oil and gas as well as  electricity derivatives and contain detailed calculations for pricing and  risk management . at the end of the 2 days , participants leave with a  diskette containing answers to all the workshops as well as valuable code  for pricing and simulation .  registration fee includes : pre - course reading , course materials , copies of  relevant research materials , diskette with fully worked solutions to  computer workshops , lunch and refreshments . additionally , each attendee  will receive a free copy of clewlow and strickland ' s forthcoming book  "" energy derivatives : pricing and risk management "" which includes  valuable contributions from enron ' s vince kaminski and grant masson .  upon registration , participants will be sent a pack containing relevant  pre - course reading .  course outline  day 1 , am : introduction to energy derivatives modelling  energy derivatives - structures and applications  fundamentals of modeling and pricing  analysing energy data  spot price behaviour  building forward curves - assessing available models  the relationship between the spot price and forward curve dynamics  workshop : analysing the properties of energy data - mean reversion ,  volatility structures , jumps  day 1 , pm : spot price models and pricing by simulation and trees  review of spot price models  the pros and cons of spot price models  pricing standard options , swaptions , caps , floors , and collars  simulation for spot price models  pricing exotic options ( barriers , lookbacks , asians , etc . )  building and using trees for energy derivatives  building trees consistent with the forward curve  pricing options in trees  workshop : using simulation and trinomial trees to price energy  derivatives  day 2 , am : forward curve based models  forward curve dynamics and forward curve models  the relationship to spot price dynamics  multi - factor forward curve models  volatility function interpretation and estimation  pricing standard energy options  pricing energy swaptions  pricing energy exotics using simulation  workshop : using simulation to implement multi - factor models and price  energy options  day 2 , pm : risk management of energy derivatives  energy market risk and hedging  computing hedge sensitivities  determining the hedge instruments  hedging a energy derivatives book  value - at - risk in energy markets - the pros and cons of the approaches  credit risk in energy markets - issues and models  workshop : hedging an energy portfolio  please feel free to e - mail us to register for this course and we will  contact you regarding payment .  course 2 : var for energy markets  course leaders : dr les clewlow and dr chris strickland  houston : 31 march 2000  london : 5 april 2000  fee : stg 950 / usd 1950  this is an intermediate course aimed at the energy professional who is  familiar with energy derivative products but who requires an understanding  of the theory and calculation of value at risk for energy derivative  portfolios .  the format for the course will follow our usual highly practical and  successful style of alternate sessions of lectures and excel based computer  workshops . to facilitate intensive interaction the course will be limited  to a maximum of 15 participants so early booking is advisable .  the excel based computer workshops deal with oil and gas as well as  electricity derivatives . at the end of the course participants leave with a  diskette containing answers to all the workshops as well as valuable code  for pricing and var calculations .  registration fee includes : pre - course reading , course materials , copies of  relevant research materials , diskette with fully worked solutions to  computer workshops , lunch and refreshments . additionally , each attendee  will receive a free copy of clewlow and strickland ' s forthcoming book  "" energy derivatives : pricing and risk management "" .  upon registration , participants will be sent a pack containing relevant  pre - course reading .  course outline  day 1 , am : understanding the var methodologies and issues  what is var ?  uses of var  types of var methodologies  implications of applying the riskmetrics assumptions in energy markets  delta var , historical simulation  linear and non linear instruments  workshop : applying simple var methodologies in the energy market  day 1 , pm : calculation of energy portfolio var using simulation  modelling the energy forward curve - single and multi - factor  modelling the joint behaviour of different energies simultaneously  calculation of covariances and correlations  incorporating jumps  detailed example var calculation for an energy portfolio  workshop : simulating energy forward curves and calculation of var for an  energy portfolio .  dr . les clewlow and dr chris strickland hold associate research positions  at both the school of finance and economics , university of technology ,  sydney and the financial options research centre , university of warwick ,  uk . together they have over 20 years combined experience in the financial  and energy derivative markets and have published many articles in academic  and trade journals . they are the authors of the book "" implementing  derivatives models "" ( wiley , 1998 ) and editors of "" exotic options : the state  of the art "" ( itp , 1998 ) . their forthcoming book , "" energy derivatives :  pricing and risk management , "" is due to be published during the second  quarter 2000 . currently , their interests are concentrated in the energy  derivatives area , where they have developed a wide range of pricing tools  for electricity options and other energy derivatives .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - internet header - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sender : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  received : from mailman . enron . com ( mailman . enron . com [ 192 . 152 . 140 . 66 ] )  by spamgaaa . compuserve . com ( 8 . 9 . 3 / 8 . 9 . 3 / sun - 1 . 9 ) with esmtp id raal 8057  for ; wed , 8 mar 2000 17 : 20 : 18 - 0500 ( est )  received : from dservl . ect . enron . com ( dservl . ect . enron . com [ 172 . 16 . 1 . 37 ] )  by mailman . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 / corp - 1 . 03 ) with esmtp id waal 9791  for ; wed , 8 mar 2000 22 : 19 : 39 gmt  received : from notes . ect . enron . com ( notes . ect . enron . com [ 172 . 16 . 4 . 33 ] )  by dservl . ect . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 ) with smtp id qaa 23887  for ; wed , 8 mar 2000 16 : 20 : 16 - 0600 ( cst )  received : by notes . ect . enron . com ( lotus smtp mta v 4 . 6 . 5 ( 863 . 2 5 - 20 - 1999 ) )  id 8625689 c . 007 ab 2 ce ; wed , 8 mar 2000 16 : 20 : 11 - 0600  x - lotus - fromdomain : ect  from : "" shirley crenshaw ""  to : chris _ strickland @ compuserve . com  message - id :  date : wed , 8 mar 2000 16 : 20 : 09 - 0600  subject : energy derivative courses  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / plain ; charset = us - ascii  content - disposition : inline",0,energy derivative courses fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect shirley crenshaw lacima enron cc subject energy derivative courses hi julie information requested name vince kaminski title managing director head research company enron corp address smith street ebl houston tx telephone vince shirley fax need anything else please let know thanks great day shirley administrative coordinator enron corp research lacima compuserve com pm enron cc subject energy derivative courses dear shriley thank registering vince kaminski energy courses held houston march complete registration could please provide confirm following details name vince kaminski position company enron corporate research address phone fax invoice course fees upon payment forward pre course reading material via email course held hyatt downtown houston please contact require additional information sincerely julie brennan lacima consultants forwarded message shirley crenshaw internet shirley crenshaw enron com unknown chris strickland date pm energy derivative courses good afternoon professor strickland please register vince kaminski energy derivatives pricing risk management course v r course scheduled march st please forward method payment preferred thank much shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject energy derivative courses shirley please enroll course vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect chris strickland pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson cc subject energy derivative courses dear vince grant good meet talk morning interesting details course actually two seperate courses one var promised hope see later month best regards chris course energy derivatives pricing risk management course leaders dr les clewlow dr chris strickland houston march london april fee stg usd intermediate course aimed energy professional familiar energy derivative products requires mathematical foundations derivative pricing understanding pricing risk management energy derivatives course assumes participants familiar standard basic option pricing theory black scholes formula monte carlo simulation use binomial trees option pricing format course follow usual highly practical successful style alternate sessions lectures excel based computer workshops facilitate intensive interaction course limited maximum participants early booking advisable excel based computer workshops deal oil gas well electricity derivatives contain detailed calculations pricing risk management end days participants leave diskette containing answers workshops well valuable code pricing simulation registration fee includes pre course reading course materials copies relevant research materials diskette fully worked solutions computer workshops lunch refreshments additionally attendee receive free copy clewlow strickland forthcoming book energy derivatives pricing risk management includes valuable contributions enron vince kaminski grant masson upon registration participants sent pack containing relevant pre course reading course outline day introduction energy derivatives modelling energy derivatives structures applications fundamentals modeling pricing analysing energy data spot price behaviour building forward curves assessing available models relationship spot price forward curve dynamics workshop analysing properties energy data mean reversion volatility structures jumps day pm spot price models pricing simulation trees review spot price models pros cons spot price models pricing standard options swaptions caps floors collars simulation spot price models pricing exotic options barriers lookbacks asians etc building using trees energy derivatives building trees consistent forward curve pricing options trees workshop using simulation trinomial trees price energy derivatives day forward curve based models forward curve dynamics forward curve models relationship spot price dynamics multi factor forward curve models volatility function interpretation estimation pricing standard energy options pricing energy swaptions pricing energy exotics using simulation workshop using simulation implement multi factor models price energy options day pm risk management energy derivatives energy market risk hedging computing hedge sensitivities determining hedge instruments hedging energy derivatives book value risk energy markets pros cons approaches credit risk energy markets issues models workshop hedging energy portfolio please feel free e mail us register course contact regarding payment course var energy markets course leaders dr les clewlow dr chris strickland houston march london april fee stg usd intermediate course aimed energy professional familiar energy derivative products requires understanding theory calculation value risk energy derivative portfolios format course follow usual highly practical successful style alternate sessions lectures excel based computer workshops facilitate intensive interaction course limited maximum participants early booking advisable excel based computer workshops deal oil gas well electricity derivatives end course participants leave diskette containing answers workshops well valuable code pricing var calculations registration fee includes pre course reading course materials copies relevant research materials diskette fully worked solutions computer workshops lunch refreshments additionally attendee receive free copy clewlow strickland forthcoming book energy derivatives pricing risk management upon registration participants sent pack containing relevant pre course reading course outline day understanding var methodologies issues var uses var types var methodologies implications applying riskmetrics assumptions energy markets delta var historical simulation linear non linear instruments workshop applying simple var methodologies energy market day pm calculation energy portfolio var using simulation modelling energy forward curve single multi factor modelling joint behaviour different energies simultaneously calculation covariances correlations incorporating jumps detailed example var calculation energy portfolio workshop simulating energy forward curves calculation var energy portfolio dr les clewlow dr chris strickland hold associate research positions school finance economics university technology sydney financial options research centre university warwick uk together years combined experience financial energy derivative markets published many articles academic trade journals authors book implementing derivatives models wiley editors exotic options state art itp forthcoming book energy derivatives pricing risk management due published second quarter currently interests concentrated energy derivatives area developed wide range pricing tools electricity options energy derivatives internet header sender shirley crenshaw enron com received mailman enron com mailman enron com spamgaaa compuserve com sun esmtp id raal wed mar est received dservl ect enron com dservl ect enron com mailman enron com corp esmtp id waal wed mar gmt received notes ect enron com notes ect enron com dservl ect enron com smtp id qaa wed mar cst received notes ect enron com lotus smtp mta v id c ab ce wed mar x lotus fromdomain ect shirley crenshaw chris strickland compuserve com message id date wed mar subject energy derivative courses mime version content type text plain charset us ascii content disposition inline
"Subject: re : receipts from visit  jim ,  thanks again for the invitation to visit lsu .  shirley will fedex the receipts tomorrow .  vince  "" james r . garven "" on 02 / 08 / 2000 07 : 00 : 50 pm  to : vince j kaminski  cc :  subject : receipts from visit  dear vince ,  thanks again for taking the time to visit . ? both faculty and students got a  lot out of your presentations .  i have a favor to ask concerning the expense reimbursement process . ? can you  mail all travel and lodging receipts to my secretary joan payne at the  following address :  joan payne  department of finance  2163 ceba  louisiana state university  baton rouge , la ? 70803  thanks ,  jim garven  james r . garven  william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services  department of finance  2158 ceba  e . j . ourso college of business administration  louisiana state university  baton rouge , la ? 70803 - 6308  voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 ? | ? fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361  e - mail : ? jgarven @ lsu . edu  home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu  vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html  research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html ",0,receipts visit jim thanks invitation visit lsu shirley fedex receipts tomorrow vince james r garven pm vince j kaminski cc subject receipts visit dear vince thanks taking time visit faculty students got lot presentations favor ask concerning expense reimbursement process mail travel lodging receipts secretary joan payne following address joan payne department finance ceba louisiana state university baton rouge la thanks jim garven james r garven william h wright jr endowed chair financial services department finance ceba e j ourso college business administration louisiana state university baton rouge la voice fax e mail jgarven lsu edu home page http garven lsu edu vita http garven lsu edu dossier html research paper archive http garven lsu edu research html
"Subject: re : lsu seminar visit  dear vince ,  would you mind emailing to me a short biography / vita sometime when you get  a chance ? also , if you have a paper to circulate or any powerpoint slides  that you ' ll want to use either in your presentations to my students  thursday afternoon , 2 / 3 , or to the faculty seminar on friday morning , 2 / 4 ,  please email these to me . this would be greatly appreciated .  my colleagues and i are looking forward to your visit on feb . 3 - 4 to lsu .  sincerely ,  jim garven  james r . garven  william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services  department of finance  2158 ceba  e . j . ourso college of business administration  louisiana state university  baton rouge , la 70803 - 6308  voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 | fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361  e - mail : jgarven @ lsu . edu  home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu  vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html  research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html  - attl . htm",0,lsu seminar visit dear vince would mind emailing short biography vita sometime get chance also paper circulate powerpoint slides want use either presentations students thursday afternoon faculty seminar friday morning please email would greatly appreciated colleagues looking forward visit feb lsu sincerely jim garven james r garven william h wright jr endowed chair financial services department finance ceba e j ourso college business administration louisiana state university baton rouge la voice fax e mail jgarven lsu edu home page http garven lsu edu vita http garven lsu edu dossier html research paper archive http garven lsu edu research html attl htm
Subject: still wanna her ? : - )  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want .  cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra  - the effect iasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with aicohoi ! shippinq to any country avaiiabie !  get it right now ! . ,1,still wan na tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactiy want cialis lot advantages viagra effect iasts hours ready start within minutes mix aicohoi shippinq country avaiiabie get right
"Subject: re : d - g energy  karla ,  the wording you have below sounds reasonable as we would only use the code  for internal valuation purposes .  i also checked with vince regarding the issues we discussed by phone  yesterday . he would like to specify a 2 day response time for the software  support . also , he would like to specify that the payment schedule be : 50 %  at time of initial contract and 50 % at the time when the software is  released . this would give them an incentive to release the software before  the full year is over if they want to accelerate the payment .  thanks again for all the help ,  stinson  from : karla feldman on 09 / 06 / 2000 10 : 30 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : d - g energy  stinson ,  while trying to put together the agreements for d - g energy , i have an  additional question :  i need to know exactly what yall plan to do with the source code once you  have it after the initial one year period is up ? there are still limitations  as to what you can do with it , so i will need to know so we can try to revise  the contract so that you will be legal .  for example , in the language regarding release of the source code from  escrow , it states that once you have the source code , you just have the  "" right to use , copy and modify the source code , solely for our internal  purposes in connection with support , maintenance and operation of the  software "" .  do yall plan to reverse engineer , decompile , etc ? do you plan on using any  of their code to create our own product ? if so - i think these are going to  be a problem . the latter would be an infringement issue , unless we were to  contract to do so .  please let me know more details of your plan so i can see how we need to  proceed in this area .  thanks ,  karla  x 67554",0,g energy karla wording sounds reasonable would use code internal valuation purposes also checked vince regarding issues discussed phone yesterday would like specify day response time software support also would like specify payment schedule time initial contract time software released would give incentive release software full year want accelerate payment thanks help stinson karla feldman stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject g energy stinson trying put together agreements g energy additional question need know exactly yall plan source code initial one year period still limitations need know try revise contract legal example language regarding release source code escrow states source code right use copy modify source code solely internal purposes connection support maintenance operation software yall plan reverse engineer decompile etc plan using code create product think going problem latter would infringement issue unless contract please let know details plan see need proceed area thanks karla x
"Subject: idea : please take a look  dear mr . kaminski ,  thank you for calling . briefly , about ideaglobal . com : we ' ve been providing  unbiased market analysis since 1989 , and today our customers include the  fed , the us treasury , the imf , 25 foreign central banks , and over 1 , 700  dealing rooms worldwide . we emphasize sales and trading strategies rather  than just provide market news .  attached , please find 2 samples of our daily research : today ' s issue of our  morning faxes financial markets today and fixed income today . we also have  intraday market coverage on bloomberg : idea > go , reuters , and  bridge / telerate .  if the info looks interesting , we would be glad to arrange a 30 - day free  trial for you ? for your reference , please see our price list . i look  forward to your reply .  best regards ,  vadim pokhlebkin  account manager  vpokhlebkin @ ideaglobal . com  tel . + 1 212 571 4332  fax + 1 212 571 4334  ideaglobal . com  140 broadway , 21 st floor  new york , ny 10005 , usa  any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender ,  except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of  ideaglobal . com . this email , its content and any files transmitted with it  are intended solely for the addressee ( s ) and may be legally privileged  and / or confidential . access by any other party is unauthorized without the  express written permission of the sender . if you have received this email in  error you may not copy or use the contents , attachments or information in  any way . please destroy it and contact the sender via the ideaglobal . com  switchboard in one of the following three offices : new york + 1 212 571 4332 ;  london + 44 171 430 2888 ; singapore + 65 332 0700  - fmto 316 a . pdf  - fito 316 a . pdf  - onesheet . doc",0,idea please take look dear mr kaminski thank calling briefly ideaglobal com providing unbiased market analysis since today customers include fed us treasury imf foreign central banks dealing rooms worldwide emphasize sales trading strategies rather provide market news attached please find samples daily research today issue morning faxes financial markets today fixed income today also intraday market coverage bloomberg idea go reuters bridge telerate info looks interesting would glad arrange day free trial reference please see price list look forward reply best regards vadim pokhlebkin account manager vpokhlebkin ideaglobal com tel fax ideaglobal com broadway st floor new york ny usa views expressed message individual sender except sender specifically states views ideaglobal com email content files transmitted intended solely addressee may legally privileged confidential access party unauthorized without express written permission sender received email error may copy use contents attachments information way please destroy contact sender via ideaglobal com switchboard one following three offices new york london singapore fmto pdf fito pdf onesheet doc
Subject: tiger evals - attachment  tiger hosts :  i understand that some hosts have had problems accessing the database to  complete the tiger team evaluations . i apologize for the difficulties and  have attached the form for your convenience . please feel free to return it  electronically or by fax ( 215 - 573 - 5727 ) .  thank you again for your time .  donna piazze  program director  field application project  the wharton school  univ . of pennsylvania  215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727  fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu  piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu  >  - tiger team host evaluation . doc,0,tiger evals attachment tiger hosts understand hosts problems accessing database complete tiger team evaluations apologize difficulties attached form convenience please feel free return electronically fax thank time donna piazze program director field application project wharton school univ pennsylvania fax fap management wharton upenn edu piazze wharton upenn edu tiger team host evaluation doc
"Subject: all prescriptions are dispensed by licensed pharmacists  enjoy great sex by taking viagra !  become a fixer , not just a fixture .  reform , v . a thing that mostly satisfies reformers opposed to reformation .  friends may come and go , but enemies accumulate .",1,prescriptions dispensed licensed pharmacists enjoy great sex taking viagra become fixer fixture reform v thing mostly satisfies reformers opposed reformation friends may come go enemies accumulate
"Subject: re : yvan ' s application  thanks for your help , vince .  molly  vince j kaminski  05 / 11 / 2000 08 : 29 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : yvan ' s application  molly ,  i am enclosing my recommendation letter for yvan chaxel .  vince",0,yvan application thanks help vince molly vince j kaminski molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject yvan application molly enclosing recommendation letter yvan chaxel vince
"Subject: alliance info alert  ferc acts to remove obstacles to address western energy crisis  * * omnibus order mobilizes ferc ' s entire energy pricing and infrastructure  authority  * * to adopt financial incentives for capacity increases in transmission  facilities  * * streamlines regulation of wholesale market , energy facilities siting and  licensing  * * promotes conservation and wholesale side of demand - response bidding  * * order doesn ' t address price caps  * * meeting with western state regulators / officials set for april 6 , 2001 in  boise , idaho  ferc moves to bring more economic and reliable energy supplies to the  stressed california and western energy markets . ferc proposes to increase  bulk power supply in the west by removing barriers and providing incentives  that are within its jurisdiction over facility certification , licensing , and  the regulation of transmission and wholesale power sales in interstate  commerce . ferc quickly wants to increase electric generation and  transmission capacity , as well as to streamline the regulation of wholesale  power transactions , as well as increase the capacity of the supporting  infrastructure of natural gas and oil pipelines . the order , which sets new  precedent in its broadness , also proposes actions to reduce electricity  demand in the west as well as promoting the necessary wholesale - market  portion of demand - response bidding where states wish to implement the retail  side . ferc asks for comments on additional actions it may take in the future  by march 30 , 2001 .  effective immediately , ferc said in a statement , * the commission is  streamlining regulatory procedures for wholesale electric power sales ,  expediting the certification of natural gas pipeline projects into california  and the west , including the reallocation of staff resources to more quickly  address pending pipeline applications , and urging all licensees to review  their ferc - licensed hydroelectric projects in order to assess the potential  for increased generating capacity . *  among the actions ferc takes are to : 1 ) require the california iso and  transmission owners within all 11 states of the western systems coordinating  council ( wscc ) to prepare a list of grid enhancements that can be completed  in the short term ; 2 ) waive prior notice requirements for any on - site or  self - generators that sell at wholesale within the wscc area ; 3 ) grant blanket  market - based rate authority for sales on the wholesale market of electric  energy that becomes available as a result of demand - response reductions in  retail and wholesale loads ; and 4 ) broadening and extending through december  31 , 2001 the temporary waivers of the operating and efficiency standards for  qualifying facilities ( qfs ) to increase the availability of generating  capacity .  ferc seeks comments by march 30 on a series of economic incentives aimed at  ensuring timely upgrades to the western transmission grid , including an  increased rate of return on equity ( roe ) for projects that significantly  increase transmission and can be in service by either june 1 , 2001 , or  november 1 , 2001 . other areas that ferc requested comment on include the use  of interconnection authority under the federal power act , and to raise the  dollar limits on the issuance of blanket certificates authorizing gas  pipeline construction . on hydro issues , ferc requested comment on ways to  increase operating flexibility at ferc - licensed projects while protecting  environmental resources .  in its effort to encourage investment in transmission infrastructure , ferc  asked for comments - again by march 30 - on a series of economic incentives  aimed at ensuring upgrades to the western interconnection , including the  increased roe for projects that significantly increase transmission on  constrained paths and can be in service by the above dates in 2001 .  increased roe , ferc said , will also be given to system upgrades over new  transmission paths that can be in service by june 1 , 2002 , or november 1 ,  2002 . ferc seeks comment on a proposed 10 - year depreciation period for  projects that increase transmission capacity in the short - term and a 15 - year  depreciation period for upgrades involving new rights - of - way that can be of  service by november 1 , 2002 .  in his dissent to the order , commissioner massey argued the order focuses on  "" quick fixes , "" and that the measures will not close the gap between supply in  demand in california . the order also "" fails to address price relief , "" noted  massey . massey also called for a full federal power act ( fpa ) section 206  investigation of california issues , which would allow for the possibility of  refunds . on transmission incentive provisions , massey lamented that the  proposed roe increase to 14 percent appeared arbitrary and inconsistent with  ferc policy under order no . 2000 . the financial provisions , he said ,  appeared to be "" just throwing money at the problem . "" while generally  disappointed with the order , massey did express limited support for many  parts of the order . many of the suggestions in the order are the "" same  actions as authorized last may , "" said massey . "" they were good ideas then ,  and they are good ideas now , "" he concluded .  for his part in comments at the open meeting when the order was adopted ,  chairman hebert said the order was designed to "" squeeze every additional mw  of supply available "" and to encourage the conservation of mw , and stressed  that ferc is "" doing all it can in its power to alleviate western problems . ""  he said the order seeks to eradicate the projected supply shortfall in  california , but noted that generation / transmission siting , and conservation  are generally state issues .  ferc ' s * removing obstacles * order is posted on its web site at :  citation : ferc issued is order removing obstacles to increased electric  generation and natural gas supply in the western united states and asking for  comments was issued on march 14 , 2001 , docket no . elol - 47 - 000 .  a detailed analysis and summary of the specific actions taken and proposals  made follows :  electric transmission infrastructure  within 30 days , the california iso and transmission owners in wscc are to  prepare and file for information purposes a list of grid enhancement projects  that may be underway or may not require initial siting and acquisition of  rights of way .  ferc proposes a scaled transmission infrastructure incentive under which  transmission owners of projects that increase transmission capacity at  present constraints and can be in service by july 1 , 2001 would receive a  cost - based rate reflecting a 300 basis point premium return on equity and a  10 - year depreciable life . projects in service by november 1 , 2001 , would get  a 200 basis point premium and 10 - year depreciable life . ferc would use a  uniform baseline return on equity for all jurisdictional transmission  providers in wscc of 11 . 5 % , based on the roe ferc approved for southern  california edison .  system upgrades that involve new rights of way , add significant transfer  capability and can be in service by november 1 , 2002 , would get a cost - based  rate reflecting 12 . 5 % roe , or al 00 basis point premium , and 15 - year  depreciable life .  facilities needed to interconnect new supply to the grid , which go into  service as required to accommodate the in - service date of the new plant would  get a cost - based rate that reflected a 13 . 5 % roe , or a 200 basis point  premium , if in service by november 1 , 2001 and 12 . 5 % roe if in service by  november 1 , 2002 .  for increases in transmission capacity on constrained interfaces that do not  involve significant capital investments , for example , installing new  technology , ferc proposes to allow transmission owners to increase the  revenue requirement of their network service rates to ensure that each  additional mw of capacity will generate revenues equal to their current firm  point - to - point rate . ferc requests comment on whether to assign the cost of  any interconnection or system upgrade to a particular load or supply , or  alternatively , to roll these costs into the average system rate .  extension of waivers for qfs  ferc proposes to extend its temporary waivers of operating and efficiency  standards for qfs - applicable throughout wscc - to allow increased  generation through december 31 , 2001 . the waivers were to expire on april  30 , 2001 . the proposed waiver would allow qualifying cogenerators to sell  their output above the level at which they have historically supplied this  output to purchasing utility . the waiver for qualifying small power  production facilities in wscc with respect to their fuel use requirements  under ferc regulation section 292 . 204 ( b ) , would be extended to december 31 ,  2001 .  additional capacity from on - site generation  ferc will adopt streamlined regulatory procedure to accommodate wholesale  sales from such facilities that serve load within wscc . through december 31 ,  2001 , owners of generating facilities located at business locations in wscc  and used primarily for back - up or self - generation who would become subject  to fpa by virtue of sales of such power will be permitted to sell power at  wholesale without prior notice under fpa section 205 . ferc also authorizes  such power to be sold at market - based rates . ferc waives its prior notice  requirement for mutually agreed upon interconnection agreements for  interconnections necessary to accomplish these sales . quarterly reporting is  required .  allows demand response bidding  ferc will allow retail customers , as permitted by state law , and wholesale  customers to reduce consumption for the purpose of reselling their load  reduction at wholesale . ferc is granting blanket authorization , consistent  with its prior discussion on sales from on - site generation and requires  similar reporting .  ferc ' s december 15 order on the california market directed , as a longer - term  measure that the iso pursue establishing an integrated day - ahead market in  which all demand and supply bids are addressed in one venue . ferc seeks  comments on the desirability of accelerating action on this .  ferc says it realizes that states play an important role in regulating retail  electric service and that allowing retail load to reduce consumption for  resale in wholesale markets raises legal , commercial , technical and  regulatory issues . safeguards may be needed to protect and enhance retail  demand - response bidding programs . intention is not to undermine state  programs but to promote the necessary complementary wholesale programs .  requests comments on how helpful this action is and how it can be  accomplished consistent with state jurisdiction over retail sales .  contract modifications for demand - response bidding  there may be opportunities for public utilities to make other types of  demand - response arrangements with their wholesale customers . as for mutually  agreeable qf interconnections , ferc will waive prior notice requirement for  any mutually agreeable demand - response related rate schedule amendments that  may be required to effectuate these arrangements . clarifies that  demand - response program costs should be treated consistently with all other  types of incremental and out - of - pocket costs .  interconnections  fpa section 210 ( d ) allows ferc to issue an order requiring interconnection if  it makes a finding that such an order : 1 ) is in the public interest ; 2 ) would  encourage overall conservation of energy or capital , optimize the efficiency  of use of facilities and resources , or improve the reliability of any  electric utility system or federal power marketing agency to which the order  applies ; and 3 ) meets the requirements of fpa section 212 .  ferc requests comments on whether it can use this authority under fpa section  210 ( d ) to alleviate existing impediments to electricity reaching load . if  the exercise of this authority may be warranted , ferc seeks comments on  whether it could make some of the required findings generically for the wscc  region in order to respond quickly should circumstances arise requiring  immediate action .  longer term regional solutions  ferc believes an rto for the entire western region or the seamless  integration of western rtos is the best vehicle for designing and  implementing a long - term regional solution .  natural gas pipeline capacity  ferc has realigned its resources to respond to new applications for gas  pipeline capacity and is soliciting comments on ways to expedite the approval  of pipeline infrastructure needed to serve california and the west . requests  comments on how it might further exercise its authority over new pipeline  construction to alleviate the present crisis , including increasing the dollar  limit thresholds for blanket certificates to $ 10 million , and for prior  notice authorizations to $ 30 million in order to increase the facilities  qualifying for automatic authorization ; offering blanket certificates for  construction or acquisition of portable compressor stations to enhance  pipeline capacity to california ; and offering rate incentives to expedite  construction of projects that will make additional capacity available this  summer on constrained pipeline systems .  hydroelectric power  ferc staff will hold a conference to discuss methods to address environmental  protection at hydro projects while allowing increased generation . requests  comments on ways to allow for greater operating flexibility at  commission - licensed hydro projects while protecting environmental resources .  comments should consider : 1 ) methods for agency involvement ; 2 ) ways to  handle and expedite endangered species act consultations ; 3 ) criteria for  modifying licenses ; and 4 ) identification of processes that could be  implemented to provide efficiency upgrades .  oil pipelines  ferc will explore with oil pipelines innovative proposals that could lead to  ensuring an adequate flow of petroleum product into the california market .  conference with state commissioners  ferc will hold a one - day conference with state commissioners and other state  representatives from western states to discuss price volatility in the west  as well as other ferc - related issues identified by the governors of western  states . by notice issued march 16 , this meeting is scheduled for april 6 ,  2001 in boise , idaho .  [ source : ferc 03 / 14 / 01 order , docket elol - 47 - 000 , and news release . ]  - text . htm",0,alliance info alert ferc acts remove obstacles address western energy crisis omnibus order mobilizes ferc entire energy pricing infrastructure authority adopt financial incentives capacity increases transmission facilities streamlines regulation wholesale market energy facilities siting licensing promotes conservation wholesale side demand response bidding order address price caps meeting western state regulators officials set april boise idaho ferc moves bring economic reliable energy supplies stressed california western energy markets ferc proposes increase bulk power supply west removing barriers providing incentives within jurisdiction facility certification licensing regulation transmission wholesale power sales interstate commerce ferc quickly wants increase electric generation transmission capacity well streamline regulation wholesale power transactions well increase capacity supporting infrastructure natural gas oil pipelines order sets new precedent broadness also proposes actions reduce electricity demand west well promoting necessary wholesale market portion demand response bidding states wish implement retail side ferc asks comments additional actions may take future march effective immediately ferc said statement commission streamlining regulatory procedures wholesale electric power sales expediting certification natural gas pipeline projects california west including reallocation staff resources quickly address pending pipeline applications urging licensees review ferc licensed hydroelectric projects order assess potential increased generating capacity among actions ferc takes require california iso transmission owners within states western systems coordinating council wscc prepare list grid enhancements completed short term waive prior notice requirements site self generators sell wholesale within wscc area grant blanket market based rate authority sales wholesale market electric energy becomes available result demand response reductions retail wholesale loads broadening extending december temporary waivers operating efficiency standards qualifying facilities qfs increase availability generating capacity ferc seeks comments march series economic incentives aimed ensuring timely upgrades western transmission grid including increased rate return equity roe projects significantly increase transmission service either june november areas ferc requested comment include use interconnection authority federal power act raise dollar limits issuance blanket certificates authorizing gas pipeline construction hydro issues ferc requested comment ways increase operating flexibility ferc licensed projects protecting environmental resources effort encourage investment transmission infrastructure ferc asked comments march series economic incentives aimed ensuring upgrades western interconnection including increased roe projects significantly increase transmission constrained paths service dates increased roe ferc said also given system upgrades new transmission paths service june november ferc seeks comment proposed year depreciation period projects increase transmission capacity short term year depreciation period upgrades involving new rights way service november dissent order commissioner massey argued order focuses quick fixes measures close gap supply demand california order also fails address price relief noted massey massey also called full federal power act fpa section investigation california issues would allow possibility refunds transmission incentive provisions massey lamented proposed roe increase percent appeared arbitrary inconsistent ferc policy order financial provisions said appeared throwing money problem generally disappointed order massey express limited support many parts order many suggestions order actions authorized last may said massey good ideas good ideas concluded part comments open meeting order adopted chairman hebert said order designed squeeze every additional mw supply available encourage conservation mw stressed ferc power alleviate western problems said order seeks eradicate projected supply shortfall california noted generation transmission siting conservation generally state issues ferc removing obstacles order posted web site citation ferc issued order removing obstacles increased electric generation natural gas supply western united states asking comments issued march docket elol detailed analysis summary specific actions taken proposals made follows electric transmission infrastructure within days california iso transmission owners wscc prepare file information purposes list grid enhancement projects may underway may require initial siting acquisition rights way ferc proposes scaled transmission infrastructure incentive transmission owners projects increase transmission capacity present constraints service july would receive cost based rate reflecting basis point premium return equity year depreciable life projects service november would get basis point premium year depreciable life ferc would use uniform baseline return equity jurisdictional transmission providers wscc based roe ferc approved southern california edison system upgrades involve new rights way add significant transfer capability service november would get cost based rate reflecting roe al basis point premium year depreciable life facilities needed interconnect new supply grid go service required accommodate service date new plant would get cost based rate reflected roe basis point premium service november roe service november increases transmission capacity constrained interfaces involve significant capital investments example installing new technology ferc proposes allow transmission owners increase revenue requirement network service rates ensure additional mw capacity generate revenues equal current firm point point rate ferc requests comment whether assign cost interconnection system upgrade particular load supply alternatively roll costs average system rate extension waivers qfs ferc proposes extend temporary waivers operating efficiency standards qfs applicable throughout wscc allow increased generation december waivers expire april proposed waiver would allow qualifying cogenerators sell output level historically supplied output purchasing utility waiver qualifying small power production facilities wscc respect fuel use requirements ferc regulation section b would extended december additional capacity site generation ferc adopt streamlined regulatory procedure accommodate wholesale sales facilities serve load within wscc december owners generating facilities located business locations wscc used primarily back self generation would become subject fpa virtue sales power permitted sell power wholesale without prior notice fpa section ferc also authorizes power sold market based rates ferc waives prior notice requirement mutually agreed upon interconnection agreements interconnections necessary accomplish sales quarterly reporting required allows demand response bidding ferc allow retail customers permitted state law wholesale customers reduce consumption purpose reselling load reduction wholesale ferc granting blanket authorization consistent prior discussion sales site generation requires similar reporting ferc december order california market directed longer term measure iso pursue establishing integrated day ahead market demand supply bids addressed one venue ferc seeks comments desirability accelerating action ferc says realizes states play important role regulating retail electric service allowing retail load reduce consumption resale wholesale markets raises legal commercial technical regulatory issues safeguards may needed protect enhance retail demand response bidding programs intention undermine state programs promote necessary complementary wholesale programs requests comments helpful action accomplished consistent state jurisdiction retail sales contract modifications demand response bidding may opportunities public utilities make types demand response arrangements wholesale customers mutually agreeable qf interconnections ferc waive prior notice requirement mutually agreeable demand response related rate schedule amendments may required effectuate arrangements clarifies demand response program costs treated consistently types incremental pocket costs interconnections fpa section allows ferc issue order requiring interconnection makes finding order public interest would encourage overall conservation energy capital optimize efficiency use facilities resources improve reliability electric utility system federal power marketing agency order applies meets requirements fpa section ferc requests comments whether use authority fpa section alleviate existing impediments electricity reaching load exercise authority may warranted ferc seeks comments whether could make required findings generically wscc region order respond quickly circumstances arise requiring immediate action longer term regional solutions ferc believes rto entire western region seamless integration western rtos best vehicle designing implementing long term regional solution natural gas pipeline capacity ferc realigned resources respond new applications gas pipeline capacity soliciting comments ways expedite approval pipeline infrastructure needed serve california west requests comments might exercise authority new pipeline construction alleviate present crisis including increasing dollar limit thresholds blanket certificates million prior notice authorizations million order increase facilities qualifying automatic authorization offering blanket certificates construction acquisition portable compressor stations enhance pipeline capacity california offering rate incentives expedite construction projects make additional capacity available summer constrained pipeline systems hydroelectric power ferc staff hold conference discuss methods address environmental protection hydro projects allowing increased generation requests comments ways allow greater operating flexibility commission licensed hydro projects protecting environmental resources comments consider methods agency involvement ways handle expedite endangered species act consultations criteria modifying licenses identification processes could implemented provide efficiency upgrades oil pipelines ferc explore oil pipelines innovative proposals could lead ensuring adequate flow petroleum product california market conference state commissioners ferc hold one day conference state commissioners state representatives western states discuss price volatility west well ferc related issues identified governors western states notice issued march meeting scheduled april boise idaho source ferc order docket elol news release text htm
"Subject: you are now subscribed to the frbnyrmagl list  mon , 18 sep 2000 18 : 42 : 47  your subscription to the frbnyrmagl list ( federal reserve bank of ny  research publications ) has been accepted .  please save this message for future reference , especially if this is the  first time you are subscribing to an electronic mailing list . if you ever  need to leave the list , you will find the necessary instructions below .  perhaps more importantly , saving a copy of this message ( and of all  future subscription notices from other mailing lists ) in a special mail  folder will give you instant access to the list of mailing lists that you  are subscribed to . this may prove very useful the next time you go on  vacation and need to leave the lists temporarily so as not to fill up  your mailbox while you are away ! you should also save the "" welcome  messages "" from the list owners that you will occasionally receive after  subscribing to a new list .  to send a message to all the people currently subscribed to the list ,  just send mail to frbnyrmagl @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . this is called  "" sending mail to the list , "" because you send mail to a single address and  listserv makes copies for all the people who have subscribed . this  address ( frbnyrmagl @ peach . ease . lsoft . com ) is also called the "" list  address . "" you must never try to send any command to that address , as it  would be distributed to all the people who have subscribed . all commands  must be sent to the "" listserv address , "" listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . it  is very important to understand the difference between the two , but  fortunately it is not complicated . the listserv address is like a fax  number that connects you to a machine , whereas the list address is like a  normal voice line connecting you to a person . if you make a mistake and  dial the fax number when you wanted to talk to someone on the phone , you  will quickly realize that you used the wrong number and call again . no  harm will have been done . if on the other hand you accidentally make your  fax call someone ' s voice line , the person receiving the call will be  inconvenienced , especially if your fax then re - dials every 5 minutes . the  fact that most people will eventually connect the fax machine to the  voice line to allow the fax to go through and make the calls stop does  not mean that you should continue to send faxes to the voice number .  people would just get mad at you . it works pretty much the same way with  mailing lists , with the difference that you are calling hundreds or  thousands of people at the same time , and consequently you can expect a  lot of people to get upset if you consistently send commands to the list  address .  you may leave the list at any time by sending a "" signoff frbnyrmagl ""  command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . you can also tell listserv how  you want it to confirm the receipt of messages you send to the list . if  you do not trust the system , send a "" set frbnyrmagl repro "" command and  listserv will send you a copy of your own messages , so that you can see  that the message was distributed and did not get damaged on the way .  after a while you may find that this is getting annoying , especially if  your mail program does not tell you that the message is from you when it  informs you that new mail has arrived from frbnyrmagl . if you send a "" set  frbnyrmagl ack norepro "" command , listserv will mail you a short  acknowledgement instead , which will look different in your mailbox  directory . with most mail programs you will know immediately that this is  an acknowledgement you can read later . finally , you can turn off  acknowledgements completely with "" set frbnyrmagl noack norepro "" .  contributions sent to this list are automatically archived . you can get a  list of the available archive files by sending an "" index frbnyrmagl ""  command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . you can then order these files  with a "" get frbnyrmagl logxxxx "" command , or using listserv ' s database  search facilities . send an "" info database "" command for more information  on the latter .  important : this list is confidential . you should not publicly mention its  existence , or forward copies of information you have obtained from it to  third parties . please note that the "" give "" command is automatically  disabled for all archive files .  more information on listserv commands can be found in the listserv  reference card , which you can retrieve by sending an "" info refcard ""  command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com .",0,subscribed frbnyrmagl list mon sep subscription frbnyrmagl list federal reserve bank ny research publications accepted please save message future reference especially first time subscribing electronic mailing list ever need leave list find necessary instructions perhaps importantly saving copy message future subscription notices mailing lists special mail folder give instant access list mailing lists subscribed may prove useful next time go vacation need leave lists temporarily fill mailbox away also save welcome messages list owners occasionally receive subscribing new list send message people currently subscribed list send mail frbnyrmagl peach ease lsoft com called sending mail list send mail single address listserv makes copies people subscribed address frbnyrmagl peach ease lsoft com also called list address must never try send command address would distributed people subscribed commands must sent listserv address listserv peach ease lsoft com important understand difference two fortunately complicated listserv address like fax number connects machine whereas list address like normal voice line connecting person make mistake dial fax number wanted talk someone phone quickly realize used wrong number call harm done hand accidentally make fax call someone voice line person receiving call inconvenienced especially fax dials every minutes fact people eventually connect fax machine voice line allow fax go make calls stop mean continue send faxes voice number people would get mad works pretty much way mailing lists difference calling hundreds thousands people time consequently expect lot people get upset consistently send commands list address may leave list time sending signoff frbnyrmagl command listserv peach ease lsoft com also tell listserv want confirm receipt messages send list trust system send set frbnyrmagl repro command listserv send copy messages see message distributed get damaged way may find getting annoying especially mail program tell message informs new mail arrived frbnyrmagl send set frbnyrmagl ack norepro command listserv mail short acknowledgement instead look different mailbox directory mail programs know immediately acknowledgement read later finally turn acknowledgements completely set frbnyrmagl noack norepro contributions sent list automatically archived get list available archive files sending index frbnyrmagl command listserv peach ease lsoft com order files get frbnyrmagl logxxxx command using listserv database search facilities send info database command information latter important list confidential publicly mention existence forward copies information obtained third parties please note give command automatically disabled archive files information listserv commands found listserv reference card retrieve sending info refcard command listserv peach ease lsoft com
"Subject: from vicky windsor  dear vince ,  how are you ? well i hope .  i hope you don  , t mind me writing to you . you may remember that 5 months ago  i left risk publications and moved to a charity . having been here for only a  few months , i have decided that this job is not for me ( i miss the buzz of a  corporate office ) and i have decided to move back into the corporate sector .  because of my previous experience and knowledge of the energy sector , i am  very interested in moving into this area . i have always thought that it  would be great to work for enron because it is such a dynamic company and i  am planning to approach the london office to discuss any opportunities ,  which might be available . i am particularly interested in product marketing  and research , although i am very open - minded at the moment . i wondered  whether you could recommend the right person to speak to in london .  i know that you are incredibly busy , but any help you can give me would be  fantastic vince .  thanks and best regards ,  vicky windsor  get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com .  share information about yourself , create your own public profile at  http : / / profiles . msn . com .",0,vicky windsor dear vince well hope hope mind writing may remember months ago left risk publications moved charity months decided job miss buzz corporate office decided move back corporate sector previous experience knowledge energy sector interested moving area always thought would great work enron dynamic company planning approach london office discuss opportunities might available particularly interested product marketing research although open minded moment wondered whether could recommend right person speak london know incredibly busy help give would fantastic vince thanks best regards vicky windsor get private free e mail msn hotmail http www hotmail com share information create public profile http profiles msn com
"Subject: teach and grow rich  do you want to teach and grow rich ?  if you are a motivated and qualified communicator , i will personally train you to do 3 20 minutes presentations per day to qualify prospects that i can provide to you . we will demonstrate to you that you can make $ 400 a day part time using this system . or , if you have 20 hours per week , as in my case , you can make in excess of $ 10 , 000 per week , as i am currently generating ( verifiable , by the way ) .  plus i will introduce you to my mentor who makes well in excess of $ 1 , 000 , 000 annually .  many are called , few are chosen . this opportunity will be limited to one qualified individual per state . make the call and call the 24 hour pre - recorded message number below . we will take as much or as little time as you need to see if this program is right for you .  * * * 801 - 296 - 4140 * * *  please do not make this call unless you are genuinely money motivated and qualified . i need people who already have people skills in place and have either made large amounts of money in the past or are ready to generate large amounts of money in the future . looking forward to your call .  * * * 801 - 296 - 4140 * * *  * to be taken out of this database :  benno 5 @ witty . com ",1,teach grow rich want teach grow rich motivated qualified communicator personally train minutes presentations per day qualify prospects provide demonstrate make day part time using system hours per week case make excess per week currently generating verifiable way plus introduce mentor makes well excess annually many called chosen opportunity limited one qualified individual per state make call call hour pre recorded message number take much little time need see program right please make call unless genuinely money motivated qualified need people already people skills place either made large amounts money past ready generate large amounts money future looking forward call taken database benno witty com
"Subject: re : shalesh  jim ,  i agree with you . it just burns your time and mine . i shall take care of it  when ravi comes back from vacation .  vince  from : jim fallon @ enron communications on 06 / 29 / 2000 06 : 38 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect @ enron  cc :  subject : re : shalesh  vince ,  ravi never said a word to me and should have closely coordinated with me -  otherwise he should have used his own name . i have a problem with ravi  acting in that manner . no one is questioning shalesh ' integrity but the  associate analyst program called me and stated that shalesh told them that i  had requested the move . if he did that he should not have used my name . i  am very sensitive to analysts moving within a rotation . it has happened to  me numerous times and i do not appreciate the disruption it can cause . if  you need shalesh for any reason then he will not be moving .  regards  jim  vince j kaminski @ ect  06 / 29 / 00 05 : 39 pm  to : jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , celeste  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron  communications  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : shalesh  jim ,  clarification regarding shalesh ' transfer to ebs .  the request to rotate shalesh out of research into ebs  came from ravi thuraisingham . my understanding was that it was  fully coordinated with you and i was more than happy to oblige .  shalesh is concerned that his integrity is being questioned and i can assure  you that he was not the instigator of the move .  my impression is that shalesh is doing a very good job and ravi is very happy  him . i shall be glad to keep him in the research group in his current role .  have a good 4 th of july .  vince",0,shalesh jim agree burns time mine shall take care ravi comes back vacation vince jim fallon enron communications pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect enron cc subject shalesh vince ravi never said word closely coordinated otherwise used name problem ravi acting manner one questioning shalesh integrity associate analyst program called stated shalesh told requested move used name sensitive analysts moving within rotation happened numerous times appreciate disruption cause need shalesh reason moving regards jim vince j kaminski ect pm jim fallon enron communications enron communications celeste roberts hou ect ect ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject shalesh jim clarification regarding shalesh transfer ebs request rotate shalesh research ebs came ravi thuraisingham understanding fully coordinated happy oblige shalesh concerned integrity questioned assure instigator move impression shalesh good job ravi happy shall glad keep research group current role good th july vince
"Subject: re : power play book  vince ,  you are a saint for lending me a copy of your book . i agree with you that we  don ' t want increase there revenues even by a $ 1 . 00 , although my  recommendation ( and mark palmer ' s as well ) is that we should pursue a  rebuttal for the following reasons :  as i mentioned i scoured the internet ( britannica . com , amazon . com , yahoo . com  and dow jones ) and could not find one mention of the book , therefore mr .  mehta ' s distribution must not be wide at all . consequently , his comments may  not have reached a large audience . issuing a rebuttal , may in fact , draw  more attention to the comments and issues then they are currently receiving .  i believe we should proceed with caution , and respond accordingly ( with  counter comments ) only when comments are solicited from us . so far , we have  not received any telephone inquiries from media in relation to mr . mehta ' s  enron bashing . may be we should ' leave the stones unturned ' .  let me know what you think . also , please contact me when it is convenient  for me to borrow the book from you .  regards ,  cindy  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 38 pm  to : cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : power play book  cindy ,  i got a copy of the book and another one is on the way from our officer in  india .  i can lend you the book and you can makes copies of the most important  chapters .  i don ' t think we should be buying too many copies and increasing the sales of  the book .  in general , i think that we should counter the presentations made by mr .  mehta . the person in charge of  our dhabol operation is a stanford graduate and maybe he could obtain an  invitation  to speak at the same forum and present the facts as they are . he should be  here for the management  conference .  vince  from : cindy derecskey @ enron on 10 / 11 / 2000 01 : 30 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , michael b rosen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : power play book  good afternoon vince ,  christie patrick mentioned to me the conference that your wife recently  attended at stanford . at this coference abahy mehta discussed his / her  recently published book ' power play ' - that certainly does not flatter  enron . i have conducted a search on amazon . com , britannica . com and dow jones  and i am coming up empty handed . would you be kind enough to briefly trouble  your wife to provide any other information she may remember , so i can narrow  my search .  i greatly appreciate it .  regards ,  cindy",0,power play book vince saint lending copy book agree want increase revenues even although recommendation mark palmer well pursue rebuttal following reasons mentioned scoured internet britannica com amazon com yahoo com dow jones could find one mention book therefore mr mehta distribution must wide consequently comments may reached large audience issuing rebuttal may fact draw attention comments issues currently receiving believe proceed caution respond accordingly counter comments comments solicited us far received telephone inquiries media relation mr mehta enron bashing may leave stones unturned let know think also please contact convenient borrow book regards cindy vince j kaminski ect pm cindy derecskey corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject power play book cindy got copy book another one way officer india lend book makes copies important chapters think buying many copies increasing sales book general think counter presentations made mr mehta person charge dhabol operation stanford graduate maybe could obtain invitation speak forum present facts management conference vince cindy derecskey enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc christie patrick hou ect ect michael b rosen hou ect ect subject power play book good afternoon vince christie patrick mentioned conference wife recently attended stanford coference abahy mehta discussed recently published book power play certainly flatter enron conducted search amazon com britannica com dow jones coming empty handed would kind enough briefly trouble wife provide information may remember narrow search greatly appreciate regards cindy
"Subject: re : enron case studies  eric ,  i have a number of case studies on enron but not the one on sutton bridge .  i know that peter tufano was working on it but when i checked the hbs  site and tried to purchase it , i could not locate it .  when i talked to peter a few months ago , he told me that the case study was  ready  and he was going through enron ' s internal approvals .  i cc mark palmer on it . maybe he knows about this specific case study .  i wander if it was completed , given sutton bridge developments .  vince  eric gadd  11 / 10 / 2000 05 : 49 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : enron case studies  vince -  where might i find copies of the case studies enron has published ? i ' m  particularly interested in the sutton bridge publication for havard but would  like to know if there is a library of case studies .",0,enron case studies eric number case studies enron one sutton bridge know peter tufano working checked hbs site tried purchase could locate talked peter months ago told case study ready going enron internal approvals cc mark palmer maybe knows specific case study wander completed given sutton bridge developments vince eric gadd vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject enron case studies vince might find copies case studies enron published particularly interested sutton bridge publication havard would like know library case studies
"Subject: bonds  hello , vince .  we still have the 2 other bonds in our inventory . are you interested ?  david c . walkup  financial consultant  713 - 658 - 1685  800 - 456 - 9712  caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending  identifying information , such as account , social security or card numbers to  us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented  messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check  stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronicall",0,bonds hello vince still bonds inventory interested david c walkup financial consultant caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party protection avoid sending identifying information account social security card numbers us others send time sensitive action oriented messages transaction orders fund transfer instructions check stop payments policy accept items electronicall
"Subject: re : uk portfolios and books setup in risktrac  tanya ,  we have checked the risktrac system and  ( 1 ) the spreadoption , and other , mappings in risktrac are correct . ie ,  els 1 b has both power ( ppp ) and gas ( nbp ) and the deltas / gammas tie out . the  lolp and smp mappings all tie out .  ( 2 ) however , the uk power in risktrac has 25 twh more of power . this has  something to do with the enpower - risktrac communication .  ( 3 ) uk - gas positions tie out in aggregate ( off by a single bcf )  for var discrepancies , other than positions , the following will contrbute  ( 1 ) in risktrac power is mapped to r 4 ( cinergy ) while in the spreadsheet it  is us - ng .  ( 2 ) gas - power and efa - efa correlations are different .  matthew is coordinating with oliver and london it to resolve the position  issues .  naveen  tanya tamarchenko @ ect  01 / 03 / 2001 02 : 09 pm  to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , matthew adams / corp / enron @ enron  cc : rabi de / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : uk portfolios and books setup in risktrac  naveen and matthew ,  i started looking systematically through uk positions and corresponding var  numbers in the risckrac .  i found a few inconsistencies so far .  1 . the portfolio elsb 1 - nbp has a book elsb 1 under it . the sum of delta  positions for this book is  239 , 021 , 655 , the sum of gamma positions is - 211 , 031 , 450 . var for the  portfolio elsb 1 - nbp is zero .  the same refers to a few other portfolios , for example elsb 2 - nbp , elsb 3 - nbp ,  e 2 xxl - nbp .  2 . the portfolio elsbp 1 - ppp also has the book elsb 1 under it . this book  contains the positions on pppwdl  through pppwd 6 and pppwel through pppwe 4 .  the same refers to the other books , for example elsb 2 .  this looks messy . can someone in rac go over all the portfolios , all the  corresponding books and curves  in risktrac and make sure they are set up properly ?  thank you ,  tanya .",0,uk portfolios books setup risktrac tanya checked risktrac system spreadoption mappings risktrac correct ie els b power ppp gas nbp deltas gammas tie lolp smp mappings tie however uk power risktrac twh power something enpower risktrac communication uk gas positions tie aggregate single bcf var discrepancies positions following contrbute risktrac power mapped r cinergy spreadsheet us ng gas power efa efa correlations different matthew coordinating oliver london resolve position issues naveen tanya tamarchenko ect pm naveen andrews corp enron enron matthew adams corp enron enron cc rabi de na enron enron jaesoo lew na enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject uk portfolios books setup risktrac naveen matthew started looking systematically uk positions corresponding var numbers risckrac found inconsistencies far portfolio elsb nbp book elsb sum delta positions book sum gamma positions var portfolio elsb nbp zero refers portfolios example elsb nbp elsb nbp e xxl nbp portfolio elsbp ppp also book elsb book contains positions pppwdl pppwd pppwel pppwe refers books example elsb looks messy someone rac go portfolios corresponding books curves risktrac make sure set properly thank tanya
"Subject: re : real options  thanks vince . paul q and raymond y will also attend the call .  regards  paul  vince j kaminski @ ect  02 / 04 / 2001 11 : 16 pm  to : paul smith / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , paul  quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond  yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : re : real options  paul ,  we have done a lot of work in this area . i shall call you later  today ( monday my time ) , tuesday morning your time with  some recommendations .  vince  p . s . shirley , please send a real options binder to paul .  vince  from : paul smith @ enron _ development on 03 / 30 / 2001 08 : 42 am zel 0  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond  yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : real options  vince ,  the sydney office is currently evaluating a proposal that involves an option  to participate in building a wind farm . should this proceed , we would like to  mark this option "" to market "" .  have the research group completed any work on methods for booking and  remarking real options ? alternatively , do you have any suggestions as to the  best way to value , and book , real options fairly ?  regards  paul smith",0,real options thanks vince paul q raymond also attend call regards paul vince j kaminski ect pm paul smith enron development enron development cc stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect paul quilkey enron development enron development raymond yeow enron development enron development subject real options paul done lot work area shall call later today monday time tuesday morning time recommendations vince p shirley please send real options binder paul vince paul smith enron development zel vince j kaminski ect cc paul quilkey enron development enron development raymond yeow enron development enron development subject real options vince sydney office currently evaluating proposal involves option participate building wind farm proceed would like mark option market research group completed work methods booking remarking real options alternatively suggestions best way value book real options fairly regards paul smith
"Subject: request submitted : access request for maureen . raymond @ enron . com  vince :  maureen needed this access for her new lap top so she can take it with  her on vacation . there was no one here to approve it , so i approved it  for you . hope that was ok .  have a great time !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 15 / 2000  01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  arsystem @ mailman . enron . com on 11 / 15 / 2000 01 : 18 : 27 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : request submitted : access request for maureen . raymond @ enron . com  you have received this email because the requester specified you as their vp .  please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000007498  request create date : 11 / 15 / 00 1 : 14 : 32 pm  requested for : maureen . raymond @ enron . com  resource name : vpn  resource type : applications",0,request submitted access request maureen raymond enron com vince maureen needed access new lap top take vacation one approve approved hope ok great time shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm arsystem mailman enron com pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject request submitted access request maureen raymond enron com received email requester specified vp please click approval review act upon request request id request create date pm requested maureen raymond enron com resource name vpn resource type applications
"Subject: russian investment climate : multimedia playback - cera multimedia  cera multimedia : sent thu , august 17 , 2000  title : russian investment climate : multimedia playback  author : eurasia energy  e - mail category : multimedia  product line : eurasia energy ,  url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u = 5166 & m = 1317 ,  alternate url :  in an august 10 , 2000 , cera multimedia conference call and web presentation ,  thane gustafson , cera director , eurasia energy , john webb , cera associate ,  and carolyn miles , cera associate , discuss :  russian investment climate : toward stability or fresh turmoil ? implications  for the energy sector  * the russian investment climate under putin : where is it headed ?  * the booming russian economy : how much energy and energy investment will it  need ?  * the russian oil industry awash in profits : what is it doing with them ?  to view and listen to a replay of this presentation , please click on the link  above .  account changes  to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail  address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information  from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is  confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,  distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,  in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates",0,russian investment climate multimedia playback cera multimedia cera multimedia sent thu august title russian investment climate multimedia playback author eurasia energy e mail category multimedia product line eurasia energy url http www cera com cfm track eprofile cfm u alternate url august cera multimedia conference call web presentation thane gustafson cera director eurasia energy john webb cera associate carolyn miles cera associate discuss russian investment climate toward stability fresh turmoil implications energy sector russian investment climate putin headed booming russian economy much energy energy investment need russian oil industry awash profits view listen replay presentation please click link account changes edit personal account information including e mail address etc go http eprofile cera com cfm edit account cfm electronic message attachments contain information cambridge energy research associates inc cera confidential may privileged unauthorized disclosure copying distribution use contents message attachments whole part strictly prohibited terms use http www cera com tos html questions comments webmaster cera com copyright cambridge energy research associates
"Subject: new love tabs shop .  visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , cialis , softtabs and many other iove enhancers ail in one !  operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processinq and complete confidentiaiity !  click here to find your verifled by bbb and approved by visa love pil 1 ! ",1,new love tabs shop visit llcensed online dragstore best inexpensive love drags viagra cialis softtabs many iove enhancers ail one operative support fast shipping secure payment processinq complete confidentiaiity click find verifled bbb approved visa love pil
"Subject: letter for lloyd  shirley ,  please , add the date at the right place .  vince",0,letter lloyd shirley please add date right place vince
"Subject: additional e - mail addresses  vince ,  three new students gave me their e - mails :  wooddy @ rice . edu , lamas @ rice . edu , tbalestrery @ houston . rr . com  jason",0,additional e mail addresses vince three new students gave e mails wooddy rice edu lamas rice edu tbalestrery houston rr com jason
"Subject: don ' t pay another monthly bill until you read thisdgsrw  home mortgage network  home  of america ' s most liberal lenders  interest rates  are still at  an all time low !  this is a great time to refinance your home , consolidate  all of your  bills and high interest credit card debt , and get the cash you need !  all homeowners in the usa easily qualify !  damaged credit is never a problem !  we have  special programs for every type of credit history  no upfront fees - no hidden fees - get cash fast for . . .  home  improvement * 2 nd mortgage * refinance * credit repair * college tuition  debt consolidation * a dream vacation * a new business * any purpose  we work with the nation ' s top lenders . . . and they ' re  hungry for your business . we will get you the best loan to meet your needs !  our service is 100 % free - and there is no  obligation !  applying is easy . enter herefor a quote today !  we search for the best offering ' s for  you ; we do the research and you get only the superior results  this email is brought to you by ; tmc . . to abnegate  all future notices , please enter here ",1,pay another monthly bill read thisdgsrw home mortgage network home america liberal lenders interest rates still time low great time refinance home consolidate bills high interest credit card debt get cash need homeowners usa easily qualify damaged credit never problem special programs every type credit history upfront fees hidden fees get cash fast home improvement nd mortgage refinance credit repair college tuition debt consolidation dream vacation new business purpose work nation top lenders hungry business get best loan meet needs service free obligation applying easy enter herefor quote today search best offering research get superior results email brought tmc abnegate future notices please enter
"Subject: congratulations hpshum you ' ve won !  congratulations !  official  notification  hpshum @ hotmail . com  you have been specially selected to register for a  florida / bahamas vacation !  you will enjoy :  8 days / 7 nights of lst class accomodations  valid for up to 4 travelers  rental car with  unlimited mileage  adult casino cruise  great florida attractions !  much much more . . .  click here !  ( limited availability )  to no longer receive this or any other offer from us , click here to unsubscribe .  [ bjk 9 ^ "" : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ]",1,congratulations hpshum congratulations official notification hpshum hotmail com specially selected register florida bahamas vacation enjoy days nights lst class accomodations valid travelers rental car unlimited mileage adult casino cruise great florida attractions much much click limited availability longer receive offer us click unsubscribe bjk h tgobk nkiys
"Subject: re : storage book . . .  hi stinson , shales ' initial in road to ebs was through david cox ( after  vince ' s suggest to talk to david , i think ) . what shalesh did at the time was  to put a four page concept on trading storage as a commodity in the new  networked world . he has keen interest in such an idea and has done some  work . he will be a good fit unless that person has to be in ebs under jean  etc . . . . if so , we are not ready to let shalesh go ! he can support that  effort , but i need him to get the supply & demand work in real - time user  friendly form for jean ' s traders before shalesh ventures onto something  else . i did promising that i will get him involved in some juicy stuff like  new product / deals etc . . . . this may be his non - it stuff that he can do . . . . .  what do you think ?  ravi .  stinson gibner @ ect  02 / 18 / 00 10 : 10 am  to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : storage book . . .  ravi :  samer and i met this morning with sara ledbetter . she is starting the  groundwork for setting up a storage book and a streaming book for tracking  the e - powered products positions . they are having a meeting on next  tuesday to discuss this . samer will attend . this is a good opportunity to  start compiling the data that we will need for some of john grieblings  questions .  - - stinson  p . s . sara also asked if we knew anyone who would be interested in managing  the storage book . any suggestions ?",0,storage book hi stinson shales initial road ebs david cox vince suggest talk david think shalesh time put four page concept trading storage commodity new networked world keen interest idea done work good fit unless person ebs jean etc ready let shalesh go support effort need get supply demand work real time user friendly form jean traders shalesh ventures onto something else promising get involved juicy stuff like new product deals etc may non stuff think ravi stinson gibner ect ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject storage book ravi samer met morning sara ledbetter starting groundwork setting storage book streaming book tracking e powered products positions meeting next tuesday discuss samer attend good opportunity start compiling data need john grieblings questions stinson p sara also asked knew anyone would interested managing storage book suggestions
"Subject: sap expense report form  with the implementation of sap , the employee expense report form has been  modified to reflect the new coding system . the procedures for its use are  unchanged , but there are some cosmetic differences . one item to note : the  form no longer requires entry of your social security number ; instead use  your new personnel number assigned through human resources ( see  http : / / hrweb . enron . com ) . for electronically submitted expense reports , enter  the same number on the receipt envelope .  the form is now available at the sap website . to access the form :  from the enron home page , go to the sap intranet site http : / / sap . enron . com  choose one of the following paths :  click on quick reference tools on the left menu  click drop - down arrow for accounts payable forms  click sap expense report form  click on forms and procedures library on the left menu  click drop - down arrow for accounts payable forms  click sap expense report form  wait for it to load  click enable macros ( or yes , allow macros )  after you enter the data , save as excel workbook ( . xls file extension ) with a  new filename . do not save as excel template ( . xlt extension ) .  you may print the spreadsheet for submission to accounts payable , or attach  it to notes for electronic submission . instructions are available at the  website , on the same drop down box as the form .  if you have any questions , contact the center of expertise ( coe ) at 713  345 - 7427 .",0,sap expense report form implementation sap employee expense report form modified reflect new coding system procedures use unchanged cosmetic differences one item note form longer requires entry social security number instead use new personnel number assigned human resources see http hrweb enron com electronically submitted expense reports enter number receipt envelope form available sap website access form enron home page go sap intranet site http sap enron com choose one following paths click quick reference tools left menu click drop arrow accounts payable forms click sap expense report form click forms procedures library left menu click drop arrow accounts payable forms click sap expense report form wait load click enable macros yes allow macros enter data save excel workbook xls file extension new filename save excel template xlt extension may print spreadsheet submission accounts payable attach notes electronic submission instructions available website drop box form questions contact center expertise coe
"Subject: hedging lng volumes  stinson / vince ,  i think this is important to know .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  03 / 28 / 2001 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anshuman srivastav  03 / 28 / 2001 06 : 32 : 20 am  to : marc de la roche @ ect  cc : tushar dhruv @ enron , doug leach @ ect , mohan  gurunath / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rajesh  sivaraman / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shubh  shrivastava / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mukesh  tyagi / enron _ development @ enron _ development ( bcc : sandeep  kohli / enron _ development )  subject : hedging lng volumes  hi marc ,  dpc would like a swap to hedge its price expsoure on lng . we do understand  that there exists a basis risk between jcc ( the lng spa index ) and brent ( the  market index for the product ) and will bear such risk . we also appreciate the  fact that this is a financial product and irrespective of actual consumption ,  we will still have to bear the burden ( if any ) of the swap .  fuel - lng indexed to jcc ( closely correlated to brent futures )  period volumes ( tbtu ) volumes ( mt ) volumes ( jcc bbls )  january 2002 to december 2002 33 . 61 650 , 000 9 , 127 , 049  january 2003 to december 2003 48 . 63 940 , 000 13 , 207 , 496  january 2004 to december 2004 48 . 63 940 , 000 13 , 207 , 496  crude swap price : can we look at a ' dirty ' hedge and get a crude ( $ / bbl ) swap  price . like any other regular swap , this will be a monthly settle product .  the above conversions from mt to bbls are based on lng conversion factors .  ( 14 . 04 bbls / mt ) .  we also would like to understand the requirements of the credit group to put  this hedge in place . please indicate the process as well as the security  mechanisms to provide adequate credit support for the swap .  please call me ( 98210 38711 ) or rajesh ( 98201 88310 ) for any additional info .  regards ,  anshuman",0,hedging lng volumes stinson vince think important know regards sandeep forwarded sandeep kohli enron development anshuman srivastav marc de la roche ect cc tushar dhruv enron doug leach ect mohan gurunath enron development enron development rajesh sivaraman enron development enron development shubh shrivastava enron development enron development mukesh tyagi enron development enron development bcc sandeep kohli enron development subject hedging lng volumes hi marc dpc would like swap hedge price expsoure lng understand exists basis risk jcc lng spa index brent market index product bear risk also appreciate fact financial product irrespective actual consumption still bear burden swap fuel lng indexed jcc closely correlated brent futures period volumes tbtu volumes mt volumes jcc bbls january december january december january december crude swap price look dirty hedge get crude bbl swap price like regular swap monthly settle product conversions mt bbls based lng conversion factors bbls mt also would like understand requirements credit group put hedge place please indicate process well security mechanisms provide adequate credit support swap please call rajesh additional info regards anshuman
"Subject: regulatory var  tentative agenda for the research lunch meeting on wednesday , august 2 nd at  11 : 30 am :  objective : develop a methodology and a model for estimating risks of the ees  regulatory portfolio .  discussion items :  1 . elements of the regulatory portfolio  - transmission and distribution ( t & d ) positions  - bundled tariffs ( full utility tariffs that are in place prior to  deregulation )  - competitive transition charges ( ctc ) positions  - diversification between the three risk elements  2 . risk drivers in each bucket ( scott stoness of ees to provide more detail )  - t & d : interest rates  - bundled tariffs : regulatory decisions , power prices , interest rates ,  inflation  - ctc : power prices , fuel prices , generation valuation , generation stack ,  regulatory decisions  3 . position aggregation parameters ( scott stoness of ees to provide  suggestions )  - by nerc region  - by state  - by utility  - by utility tariff  4 . model environment  - excel  - grms / risktrac  - other  5 . var parameters  - correlations  - factor loadings ( 1 - factor model ? )  - other  6 . ees specific issues  - the size of ctc positions is impacted by the roll - off date , which is  subject to change due to a number of factors ( jump diffusion ? )  - t & d and bundled tariffs do not move daily , but rather once every 2 - 3 years  ( event driven ? )  thanks , vlady .  ps : shirley , could you please make the lunch arrangements accordingly .",0,regulatory var tentative agenda research lunch meeting wednesday august nd objective develop methodology model estimating risks ees regulatory portfolio discussion items elements regulatory portfolio transmission distribution positions bundled tariffs full utility tariffs place prior deregulation competitive transition charges ctc positions diversification three risk elements risk drivers bucket scott stoness ees provide detail interest rates bundled tariffs regulatory decisions power prices interest rates inflation ctc power prices fuel prices generation valuation generation stack regulatory decisions position aggregation parameters scott stoness ees provide suggestions nerc region state utility utility tariff model environment excel grms risktrac var parameters correlations factor loadings factor model ees specific issues size ctc positions impacted roll date subject change due number factors jump diffusion bundled tariffs move daily rather every years event driven thanks vlady ps shirley could please make lunch arrangements accordingly
"Subject: second chance # 5182  complete credit card processing systems for your business . internet - home  based - mail order - phone order  do you accept credit cards ? your competition does !  everyone approved - credit problems ok !  approval in less than 24 hours !  increase your sales by 300 %  start accepting credit cards on your website !  free information , no risk , 100 % confidential .  your name and information will not be sold to third parties !  home businesses ok ! phone / mail order ok !  no application fee , no setup fee !  close more impulse sales !  everyone approved !  good credit or bad ! to apply today , please fill out  the express form below . it  contains all the information we need to get your account approved . for area ' s  that do not apply to you please put n / a in the box .  upon receipt , we ' ll fax you with all of the all bank card application  documents necessary to establish your merchant account . once returned we can  have your account approved within 24 hours .  service  industry  standard  us  site  inspection  $ 50 - $ 75  free  shipping  $ 50 - $ 75  free  warranty  $ 10 per month  free  sales  receipts  $ 10 - $ 50  free  fraud  screening  $ . 50 - $ 1 . 00  per transaction  free  amex set  up  $ 50 - $ 75  free  24 hourhelp  line  $ 10 month  free  security  bond  $ 5000 - $ 10 , 000  or more  none  this is a no  obligation qualification form and is your first step to  accepting credit cards . by filling out this form you will not  enter in to any obligations or  contracts with us . we will use it to determine the best program  to offer you based on the information you provide . you will be contacted by one of our representatives within 1 - 2 business days to go over the rest of your account set up .  note :  all information provided to us will remain 100 %  confidential  ! !  apply  free with no risk !  please fill out the  express application form completely . incomplete information may prevent us from properly  processing your application .  your full email address :  be sure to use your full address ( i . e .  user @ domain . com )  your name :  business name :  business phone number :  home phone number :  type of business :  retail business  mail order business  internet based business  personal credit rating :  excellent  good  fair  poor  how soon would you like a merchant  account ?  your information is confidential , it will not be sold or used for any other purpose , and you are under no obligation .  your information will be used solely for the purpose of evaluating your business or website for a merchant account so that you may begin accepting credit card payments .  list  removal / opt - out option  click  herem ",1,second chance complete credit card processing systems business internet home based mail order phone order accept credit cards competition everyone approved credit problems ok approval less hours increase sales start accepting credit cards website free information risk confidential name information sold third parties home businesses ok phone mail order ok application fee setup fee close impulse sales everyone approved good credit bad apply today please fill express form contains information need get account approved area apply please put n box upon receipt fax bank card application documents necessary establish merchant account returned account approved within hours service industry standard us site inspection free shipping free warranty per month free sales receipts free fraud screening per transaction free amex set free hourhelp line month free security bond none obligation qualification form first step accepting credit cards filling form enter obligations contracts us use determine best program offer based information provide contacted one representatives within business days go rest account set note information provided us remain confidential apply free risk please fill express application form completely incomplete information may prevent us properly processing application full email address sure use full address e user domain com name business name business phone number home phone number type business retail business mail order business internet based business personal credit rating excellent good fair poor soon would like merchant account information confidential sold used purpose obligation information used solely purpose evaluating business website merchant account may begin accepting credit card payments list removal opt option click herem
"Subject: logistics for the sycamore meeting in chelmsford next week  hi barb , please add the following enron names to your list . i will call to  confirm this later today ( 1 / 28 / 00 ) . krishna and samer , please go ahead and  arrange the travel plans as per the following schedule and my e - mail before .  kind regards ,  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 01 / 28 / 00 11 : 10  am - - - - -  barb . vanbeyrer @ sycamorenet . com  01 / 28 / 00 08 : 56 am  to : phil markwart / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , erik  simpson / enron communications @ enron communications , stinson gibner @ ect , john  griebling / enron communications @ enron communications , allan grimm / enron  communications @ enron communications , dorn hetzel / enron communications @ enron  communications , michael baker / enron communications @ enron communications ,  nicole gilson / enron communications @ enron communications , hardeep  luthra / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications ,  larry . sakauye @ sycamorenet . com , richard reichardt / enron communications @ enron  communications , susan wadle / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : logistics for the sycamore meeting in chelmsford next week  hi phil , here are the logistical details for our meetings next week at  sycamore in chelmsord ( 10 elizabeth drive ) .  hotel : double tree in lowell .  transportation : everyone should fly into boston monday afternoon / early  evening . chelmsford is about 40 - 45 minutes from the airport , more in  traffic . i can arrange for a car service from the airport to the restaurant  monday night for everyone , and have the limo wait for you until we are  through with dinner ( then everyone can leave there bags in the limo ) . if  some or all want to use this car service , i ' ll need their flight information  by friday afternoon so i can make arrangements .  here is the agenda for next week :  monday : dinner at 7 : 30 pm - agresti ' s restaurant , 175 littleton rd ,  westford , ma . directions will immediately follow this email .  tuesday meetings at sycamore 8 : 30 am - 5 : 00 pm  planning session :  - enron ' s business drivers / vision  - enron ' s optical networking architecture  - dinner planned - - location tbd  wednesday meetings at sycamore 8 : 30 am - 5 : 00 pm  planning session :  - detailed route design  - deployment planning  - dinner planned - - location tbd ( boston ? )  thursday meetings at sycamore 8 : 30 am - 4 : 00 pm  - review detailed route designs  - metro area services : access partners  - depart for airport at 4 pm thursday , or friday morning  depending on flight availability  as of this morning , here is the list of enron attendees that we are  expecting :  john griebling  dorn hetzel  phil markwart  ravi thuraisingham  stinson gibner  allan grimm  erik simpson  mike baker  nicole gilson  hardeep luthra  richard reichardt  valient employee ( i have no name as of today )  can you please let me know of any additions or changes to the attendee list ?  and please send this email to anyone planning to attend that is not on the  cc : ' d list . thanks .  please call me today , or over the weekend if you have any questions . my  cell phone number is listed below . look forward to seeing everyone next  week !  barb  barbara van beyrer  national account manager  sycamore networks  office : 503 - 977 - 6354  mobile : 503 - 781 - 0693  fax : 503 - 977 - 6185  barb . vanbeyrer @ sycamorenet . com  www . syacmorenet . com",0,logistics sycamore meeting chelmsford next week hi barb please add following enron names list call confirm later today krishna samer please go ahead arrange travel plans per following schedule e mail kind regards ravi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications barb vanbeyrer sycamorenet com phil markwart enron communications enron communications cc ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications erik simpson enron communications enron communications stinson gibner ect john griebling enron communications enron communications allan grimm enron communications enron communications dorn hetzel enron communications enron communications michael baker enron communications enron communications nicole gilson enron communications enron communications hardeep luthra contractor enron communications enron communications larry sakauye sycamorenet com richard reichardt enron communications enron communications susan wadle enron communications enron communications subject logistics sycamore meeting chelmsford next week hi phil logistical details meetings next week sycamore chelmsord elizabeth drive hotel double tree lowell transportation everyone fly boston monday afternoon early evening chelmsford minutes airport traffic arrange car service airport restaurant monday night everyone limo wait dinner everyone leave bags limo want use car service need flight information friday afternoon make arrangements agenda next week monday dinner pm agresti restaurant littleton rd westford directions immediately follow email tuesday meetings sycamore pm planning session enron business drivers vision enron optical networking architecture dinner planned location tbd wednesday meetings sycamore pm planning session detailed route design deployment planning dinner planned location tbd boston thursday meetings sycamore pm review detailed route designs metro area services access partners depart airport pm thursday friday morning depending flight availability morning list enron attendees expecting john griebling dorn hetzel phil markwart ravi thuraisingham stinson gibner allan grimm erik simpson mike baker nicole gilson hardeep luthra richard reichardt valient employee name today please let know additions changes attendee list please send email anyone planning attend cc list thanks please call today weekend questions cell phone number listed look forward seeing everyone next week barb barbara van beyrer national account manager sycamore networks office mobile fax barb vanbeyrer sycamorenet com www syacmorenet com
"Subject: spring 2001 course schedule  spring 2001 faculty ,  the spring 2001 course schedule has been posted to embanet . to access the  schedule please open the jgsm area icon on the embanet desktop . next  please open the announcement jgsm icon . you will find the spring 2001  course schedule located under the subject column . please open the  document . if you do not have access to embanet you will need to speak with  david kilgore at kilgore @ rice . edu or by calling david at 713 - 348 - 5378 .  thanks ,  kathy  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0,spring course schedule spring faculty spring course schedule posted embanet access schedule please open jgsm area icon embanet desktop next please open announcement jgsm icon find spring course schedule located subject column please open document access embanet need speak david kilgore kilgore rice edu calling david thanks kathy kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want .  ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra  - the effect lasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country !  get it right now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactly want ciaiis iot advantaqes viaqra effect lasts hours ready start within minutes mix alcohol ship country get right
"Subject: re :  dave ,  both days .  vince  david ikenberry on 02 / 06 / 2001 01 : 39 : 58 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : ostdiek @ rice . edu  subject :  hi vince ,  i just now heard back from andrew karolyi . he will be here on monday march  12 . would you be available for dinner either on sunday march 11 or monday  march 12 ?  thanks , dave  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  prof . david ikenberry  jones graduate school of management  rice university  713 - 348 - 5385",0,dave days vince david ikenberry pm vince j kaminski enron com cc ostdiek rice edu subject hi vince heard back andrew karolyi monday march would available dinner either sunday march monday march thanks dave prof david ikenberry jones graduate school management rice university
"Subject: computerworld article  fyi : several errors like ' brokering ' in the report but given the fact that  the guy had no clue what enron does or companies like it do , this came out  okay . in all of the pr group ' s marketing effort , enron as a market - maker is  the message .  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 05 / 01 10 : 54  am - - - - -  shelly mansfield  02 / 05 / 01 10 : 49 am  to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : computerworld article  shelly mansfield  enron broadband services  713 - 853 - 4589 office  713 - 646 - 8887 fax  877 - 929 - 7889 pager  713 - 303 - 4720 cellular  - - - - - forwarded by shelly mansfield / enron communications on 02 / 05 / 01 10 : 51 am  - - - - -  norman levine  02 / 05 / 01 10 : 08 am  to : shelly mansfield / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : computerworld article  following is the computerworld article :  link :  enron seeks to broker storage deals between users , ssps  by lucas mearian  while technology service providers have long been talking about data storage  as a utility that should be sold in the open marketplace like electricity or  natural gas , little has been done to pool market resources in order to hawk  surplus disk - array capacity .  but that ' s exactly what a subsidiary of houston - based energy and  communications conglomerate enron corp . is doing by launching a  business - to - business exchange that it said will seek to match spare capacity  owned by storage service providers ( ssp ) with corporate users who want to be  able to quickly scale up and down the amounts of storage they have available .  enron broadband services this week announced that it has already signed a  deal with waltham , mass . - based storagenetworks inc . and is negotiating  similar agreements with at least six other ssps . if successful , analysts  said , enron ' s business proposition could go far toward generating a set of  operating standards for the emerging ssp business .  "" it ' s a market with mix of small and large players and companies that define  their roles differently , "" said ken weilerstein , an analyst at gartner group  inc . in stamford , conn . enron ' s plan also could help enterprise - level users  get additional benefits along with the storage capacity they ' re renting , such  as security and disaster recovery support , he added .  ravi thuraisingham , director of global bandwidth risk management at enron  broadband services , said the new offering won ' t include additional security  features . but enron does plan to standardize on a set of ssp services and  bundle them with disaster recovery and communications bandwidth capabilities ,  he said .  initially , enron - - which had total revenue of $ 101 billion last year - -  expects to charge users monthly fees of $ 25 to $ 55 per gigabyte of managed  storage , depending on market conditions and the length of time a company  expects to need the capacity . "" we ' re there to try to discover a market  clearing price , "" said thuraisingham , adding that the service is tentatively  due to go online in the third quarter .  enron said it has already signed best buy co . , one of the leading retailers  of consumer electronics , computers and software in the u . s . , to buy the  storage capacity it needs to support a customer relationship management  application through storagenetworks . connecting users such as best buy to  available storage could take anywhere from three days to three months ,  according to thuraisingham .  under enron ' s plan , storage capacity owned by participating ssps will be  connected to an existing network of switching hubs through which the company  currently trades telecommunications bandwidth . enron said it has 18 switching  centers , or "" pooling points , "" in the u . s . , and another seven overseas .  at first , the company plans to focus its attention on ssps in boston and  other metropitan areas where the necessary networking plumbing can be easily  installed . but even there , thuraisingham said , enron is "" pretty much in the  initial stages of getting ssps up to speed on what the market is about . ""  enron has been managing online trades of telecommunications bandwidth since  the spring of 1999 . later that year , it also launched a web site called  enrononline that oversees the trading of natural gas , electricity and other  commodities . that quickly became the world ' s largest e - commerce site and is  now said to be processing more than $ 1 billion worth of transactions daily .  norman levine  enron broadband services  713 - 853 - 5010  norman _ levine @ enron . net",0,computerworld article fyi several errors like brokering report given fact guy clue enron companies like came okay pr group marketing effort enron market maker message ravi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications shelly mansfield ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications cc subject computerworld article shelly mansfield enron broadband services office fax pager cellular forwarded shelly mansfield enron communications norman levine shelly mansfield enron communications enron communications cc subject computerworld article following computerworld article link enron seeks broker storage deals users ssps lucas mearian technology service providers long talking data storage utility sold open marketplace like electricity natural gas little done pool market resources order hawk surplus disk array capacity exactly subsidiary houston based energy communications conglomerate enron corp launching business business exchange said seek match spare capacity owned storage service providers ssp corporate users want able quickly scale amounts storage available enron broadband services week announced already signed deal waltham mass based storagenetworks inc negotiating similar agreements least six ssps successful analysts said enron business proposition could go far toward generating set operating standards emerging ssp business market mix small large players companies define roles differently said ken weilerstein analyst gartner group inc stamford conn enron plan also could help enterprise level users get additional benefits along storage capacity renting security disaster recovery support added ravi thuraisingham director global bandwidth risk management enron broadband services said new offering include additional security features enron plan standardize set ssp services bundle disaster recovery communications bandwidth capabilities said initially enron total revenue billion last year expects charge users monthly fees per gigabyte managed storage depending market conditions length time company expects need capacity try discover market clearing price said thuraisingham adding service tentatively due go online third quarter enron said already signed best buy co one leading retailers consumer electronics computers software u buy storage capacity needs support customer relationship management application storagenetworks connecting users best buy available storage could take anywhere three days three months according thuraisingham enron plan storage capacity owned participating ssps connected existing network switching hubs company currently trades telecommunications bandwidth enron said switching centers pooling points u another seven overseas first company plans focus attention ssps boston metropitan areas necessary networking plumbing easily installed even thuraisingham said enron pretty much initial stages getting ssps speed market enron managing online trades telecommunications bandwidth since spring later year also launched web site called enrononline oversees trading natural gas electricity commodities quickly became world largest e commerce site said processing billion worth transactions daily norman levine enron broadband services norman levine enron net
"Subject: re : cplex floating license  chonawee and i just had a phone conversation with cplex . there are other  alternatives ( products ) that may help in saving time and cost . chonawee and i  feel that one floating develoment license , and one or two opl ( a package on  sale that provides modeling and optimization features ) licenses will do . in  addition , we need floating deployment licenses . for the development licenses ,  the charges should be split "" equally "" between the different groups that may  ask for optimization help ( although it is hard to predict who may ask for  future help ) . we are suggesting equally since these licenses are used to  develop the needed solution but are not ( in general ) used to run the  software . the deployment licenses can be charged on per - use basis for  different groups .  cplex is going to send us a new quote . we ' ll make the decision soon after  that .  - samer",0,cplex floating license chonawee phone conversation cplex alternatives products may help saving time cost chonawee feel one floating develoment license one two opl package sale provides modeling optimization features licenses addition need floating deployment licenses development licenses charges split equally different groups may ask optimization help although hard predict may ask future help suggesting equally since licenses used develop needed solution general used run software deployment licenses charged per use basis different groups cplex going send us new quote make decision soon samer
"Subject: re : technical corner article  tanya ,  looks good . we should break it up in 2 parts .  vince  tanya tamarchenko  02 / 09 / 2001 10 : 36 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : william smith / corp / enron  subject : re : technical corner article  vince ,  see if this is a good article for our technical corner .  tanya",0,technical corner article tanya looks good break parts vince tanya tamarchenko vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc william smith corp enron subject technical corner article vince see good article technical corner tanya
"Subject: re : long term demand forecast - looking for more information  hi slava  i ' m not sure who ' s looking after power - related stuff in houston at present .  best to let vince redirect your query .  steve  viacheslav danilov  11 / 10 / 2000 15 : 51  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : graham mullin / lon / ect @ ect  subject : long term demand forecast - looking for more information  hi steve ,  i plan to spend next week building relatively simple long term ( 1 - 2 years )  demand forecast - it will be a starting point and will allow our guys to work .  for more detailed analysis i will need more information , particularly on  recent changes in demand in the sates ( california ) .  i tried to contact vince , but probably he is very busy right now .  please , could you help me to find somebody in the houston who may provide any  help .  many thanks ,  slava",0,long term demand forecast looking information hi slava sure looking power related stuff houston present best let vince redirect query steve viacheslav danilov steven leppard lon ect ect cc graham mullin lon ect ect subject long term demand forecast looking information hi steve plan spend next week building relatively simple long term years demand forecast starting point allow guys work detailed analysis need information particularly recent changes demand sates california tried contact vince probably busy right please could help find somebody houston may provide help many thanks slava
"Subject: access to o ; . . .  vince , this e - mail is to request access to the o : / research / power  meteorlogy / weather temps / txtemps . xls file . . . i was told by tech - support to  e - mail you with this request and everything would get squared away .  daniel , could you please advise on what to do next . thank you . . .  juan  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by juan padron / na / enron on 09 / 19 / 2000 02 : 17  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  daniel  muschar  09 / 19 / 2000 09 : 14 am  to : juan padron / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : access to o ; . . .  i called security again and here is what is happening :  this request is waiting on the approver . stinson gibner :  here is the info on the user we are waiting on .  stinson ? ? gibner  contact info company info  phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 4748 employee type : enron employee  email : sgibner @ enron . com job title : vp research  location : eb 1963 supervisor : kaminski , wincenty j  fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2503 contract company : ect resources corp  cellular : company number : 0413  pager : cost center : 0000107043 click here for others in cost center  cost center name : na - research group ena  city : houston  bner or vince kaminski are the approvers for this directory",0,access vince e mail request access research power meteorlogy weather temps txtemps xls file told tech support e mail request everything would get squared away daniel could please advise next thank juan forwarded juan padron na enron pm daniel muschar juan padron na enron enron cc subject access called security happening request waiting approver stinson gibner info user waiting stinson gibner contact info company info phone employee type enron employee email sgibner enron com job title vp research location eb supervisor kaminski wincenty j fax contract company ect resources corp cellular company number pager cost center click others cost center cost center name na research group ena city houston bner vince kaminski approvers directory
"Subject: schedule  hi vince  thanks for the chat earlier today . slava is out this coming week ( 5 th - 9 th  march ) , then i ' ll be out for the next two weeks ( 12 th - 23 rd march ) . i expect  we ' ll both be around from 26 th march onwards , though i will be away again at  paris risk 10 th - 11 th april .  cheers ,  steve",0,schedule hi vince thanks chat earlier today slava coming week th th march next two weeks th rd march expect around th march onwards though away paris risk th th april cheers steve
"Subject: poten & partners forecasts  fyi marg .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret carson / corp / enron on 01 / 21 / 2000  07 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  doug leach @ ect  01 / 21 / 2000 07 : 00 am  to : guy dayvault / corp / enron @ enron  cc : margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron , rob bradley / corp / enron @ enron , jim  goughary / hou / ect @ ect , ted robinson / hou / ect @ ect , wade doshier / hou / ect @ ect ,  david j botchlett / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect  subject : poten & partners  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 01 / 21 / 2000 06 : 58 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  doug leach  01 / 20 / 2000 03 : 47 pm  to : michael l brown / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : david a terlip / enron _ development @ enron _ development , kevin  beasley / lon / ect @ ect , john chismar / sin / ect @ ect , michel decnop / sin / ect @ ect ,  maurizio la noce / enron _ development @ enron _ development , marc de la  roche / hou / ect @ ect  subject : poten & partners  just some of george gail ' s observations :  he expects wti crude prices to return to a range of $ 19 - $ 22 / barrel by 2 q 2000  ( brent $ 18 - $ 20 ) although emotions rather than fundamentals will continue to  drive the market .  saudi ' s sold cal 00 naphtha at $ 8 m / t over the platt ' s ag mean and the  kuwaiti ' s are offer their naphtha at $ 11 m / t over the mean .  enoc offered 700 , 000 tons of term naphtha and only sold 200 , 000 tons .  adnoc ' s splitters should add even more naphtha supplies to the market .  koch has closed their rotterdam splitter due to poor economics . not  necessarily a permanent shutdown .  he expects the brent / dubai spread to return to more normal $ 1 - $ 1 . 25 / barrel .  regarding condensate he predicts that actual demand will drive the market and  there will be less bottomfeeding by the japanese and other refiners . he does  feel the new splitters will reduce the worldwide volumes available ,  but that there will still be adequate supplies .  he thinks crack spreads for refiners will still be weak during cal 00 .  although some resid demand will be displaced by natural gas or lng , he  expects fairly stable differentials to crude .  he expects strong us gasoline demand , but limits his demand growth projection  to 1 % for the year .",0,poten partners forecasts fyi marg forwarded margaret carson corp enron doug leach ect guy dayvault corp enron enron cc margaret carson corp enron enron rob bradley corp enron enron jim goughary hou ect ect ted robinson hou ect ect wade doshier hou ect ect david j botchlett hou ect ect john l nowlan hou ect ect subject poten partners fyi forwarded doug leach hou ect doug leach pm michael l brown enron development enron development cc david terlip enron development enron development kevin beasley lon ect ect john chismar sin ect ect michel decnop sin ect ect maurizio la noce enron development enron development marc de la roche hou ect ect subject poten partners george gail observations expects wti crude prices return range barrel q brent although emotions rather fundamentals continue drive market saudi sold cal naphtha platt ag mean kuwaiti offer naphtha mean enoc offered tons term naphtha sold tons adnoc splitters add even naphtha supplies market koch closed rotterdam splitter due poor economics necessarily permanent shutdown expects brent dubai spread return normal barrel regarding condensate predicts actual demand drive market less bottomfeeding japanese refiners feel new splitters reduce worldwide volumes available still adequate supplies thinks crack spreads refiners still weak cal although resid demand displaced natural gas lng expects fairly stable differentials crude expects strong us gasoline demand limits demand growth projection year
"Subject: re : time keeping  please arrange for time - keeping training for kevin moore .  thanks ,  mike roberts",0,time keeping please arrange time keeping training kevin moore thanks mike roberts
"Subject: re : mscf speaker series  kristin gandy is following up on this . she ' s the new carneige mellon  recruiter . sorry about the delay .  alison  vince j kaminski  08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 59 pm  to : mary alison bailey / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : mscf speaker series  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000  04 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" pierre - philippe ste - marie "" on 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 39 : 39 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : mscf speaker series  thx ,  we are very anxious to hear her answer  pierre - philippe ste - marie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pstemarie . homestead . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc : ;  sent : friday , august 11 , 2000 10 : 55 am  subject : re : mscf speaker series  >  > pierre - philippe ,  >  > i have contacted allison bailey to ask her to move her visit  > to the campus to coincide with my presentation .  > i hope to hear from her soon .  >  > vince kaminski  >  > p . s . nice web site  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" pierre - philippe ste - marie "" on 08 / 10 / 2000 05 : 13 : 53  pm  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : mscf speaker series  >  >  >  > dear mr . kaminsky ,  >  > just checking if there was any progress . . . or anything i could do to help  > you .  >  > sincerely ,  >  > pierre - philippe ste - marie  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > pstemarie . homestead . com  >  >  >  >  >",0,mscf speaker series kristin gandy following new carneige mellon recruiter sorry delay alison vince j kaminski pm mary alison bailey hou ect ect cc subject mscf speaker series fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm pierre philippe ste marie pm cc subject mscf speaker series thx anxious hear answer pierre philippe ste marie pstemarie homestead com original message cc sent friday august subject mscf speaker series pierre philippe contacted allison bailey ask move visit campus coincide presentation hope hear soon vince kaminski p nice web site pierre philippe ste marie pm cc subject mscf speaker series dear mr kaminsky checking progress anything could help sincerely pierre philippe ste marie pstemarie homestead com
"Subject: re : pserc iab - who we are  i have completed the requested questionaire .  lance  sjdemarco @ nyseg . com on 11 / 20 / 2000 12 : 56 : 14 pm  to : james . stoupis @ us . abb . com , arun . arora @ tdb . alstrom . com , dakrummen @ aep . com ,  bajarang . agrawal @ aps . com , mwtwominer @ bpa . gov , ctwedick @ bpa . gov ,  phsiang @ caiso . com , james . crane @ exeloncorp . com , mwagee @ duke - energy . com ,  alex . huang @ enron . com , lance . cunningham @ enron . com , ttayyib @ epri . com ,  hamid . elahi @ ps . ge . com , huneault @ ireq . ca , mpotishnak @ iso - ne . com ,  wong @ merl . com , rbs 2 @ pge . com , kip . morison @ powertechlabs . com ,  don - sevcik @ reliantenergy . com , dspelley @ srpnet . com , sti @ apk . net ,  marty . brett @ wheatland . com , dtbradshaw @ tva . gov , kwmorris @ tva . gov ,  amander @ tristategt . org , bill . muston @ txu . com , w . b . dietzman @ txu . com ,  pmccrory @ txu . com , philip . overholt @ ee . doe . gov , quintana @ wapa . gov ,  torgersn @ wapa . gov , paul . walter @ wepco . com , louis . p . matis @ xcelenergy . com  cc : djray @ engr . wisc . edu  subject : pserc iab - who we are  one of the things i would like to accomplish over the next few weeks is for  we iab members to build a better working relationship . there have been many  changes to pserc over the past year , as well as many new iab members  joining with their universities . i ' ve felt that i don ' t know most of the  iab members and that makes it difficult for me to feel like i ' m adequately  representing your needs to the pserc executive committee . i hope to meet  many of you in denver and get to know you better , but i think we all need  to know each other better . i have an idea that might help us and it will  only take five minutes of your time .  if you could take the time to fill out the following short questionnaire  and email it back to me then i ' ll compile a list and distribute it to you .  depending upon when you respond i might be able to hand it out in denver ,  but i ' ll be sure to email you a copy later if i have to . this is , of  course , perfectly voluntary , so if you ' re not interested its okay . if you  want to respond via a telephone call , i ' m at 607 - 762 - 8825 .  email this back to me at sjdemarco @ nyseg . com and copy dennis ray at  djray @ engr . wisc . edu .  thank you very much , steve de marco ( iab chair )  _ _ _ _  your name : lance b . cunningham , p . e .  your title : manager  your department or division : research , enron north america  main r & d related responsibilities of your department or division : market  modeling and options pricing  the stem area you ' re most interested in ( x one ) :  markets ( xx )  t & d technology  systems  what do you hope to gain from attending the iab meeting : evaluation of pserc  for potential membership  would you like to add any specific agenda item to the closed iab meeting on  thursday ?  no  are there any specific agenda items that you would like covered in the open  feedback session with both the university and industrial pserc members on  friday ?  future research plans , applicability of research to industry ( perhaps a list  of previous research projects )",0,pserc iab completed requested questionaire lance sjdemarco nyseg com pm james stoupis us abb com arun arora tdb alstrom com dakrummen aep com bajarang agrawal aps com mwtwominer bpa gov ctwedick bpa gov phsiang caiso com james crane exeloncorp com mwagee duke energy com alex huang enron com lance cunningham enron com ttayyib epri com hamid elahi ps ge com huneault ireq ca mpotishnak iso ne com wong merl com rbs pge com kip morison powertechlabs com sevcik reliantenergy com dspelley srpnet com sti apk net marty brett wheatland com dtbradshaw tva gov kwmorris tva gov amander tristategt org bill muston txu com w b dietzman txu com pmccrory txu com philip overholt ee doe gov quintana wapa gov torgersn wapa gov paul walter wepco com louis p matis xcelenergy com cc djray engr wisc edu subject pserc iab one things would like accomplish next weeks iab members build better working relationship many changes pserc past year well many new iab members joining universities felt know iab members makes difficult feel like adequately representing needs pserc executive committee hope meet many denver get know better think need know better idea might help us take five minutes time could take time fill following short questionnaire email back compile list distribute depending upon respond might able hand denver sure email copy later course perfectly voluntary interested okay want respond via telephone call email back sjdemarco nyseg com copy dennis ray djray engr wisc edu thank much steve de marco iab chair name lance b cunningham p e title manager department division research enron north america main r related responsibilities department division market modeling options pricing stem area interested x one markets xx technology systems hope gain attending iab meeting evaluation pserc potential membership would like add specific agenda item closed iab meeting thursday specific agenda items would like covered open feedback session university industrial pserc members friday future research plans applicability research industry perhaps list previous research projects
"Subject: re : exotica ( second request )  thanks anjam .  that ' s looks great .  sorry about the second request .  i didn ' t realise you were in a meeting .  thanks ,  sharad",0,exotica second request thanks anjam looks great sorry second request realise meeting thanks sharad
"Subject: re : research allocation  becky ,  i gave the % % for egm to shirley . i assume she communicated this info to you  already .  i assume egm includes f / x - i / r ( gary hickerson ) , weather , insurance ( jere  overdyke ) ,  oil trading and coal .  for calme i don ' t have any info . let ' s split the cost evenly .  vince  becky pham  11 / 02 / 2000 02 : 11 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : research allocation  shirley ,  grm is now with egm group . egm wants to verify that the 17 . 5 % we are going  to allocate to grm is for the insurance , jere overdyke group . egm seems to  think that their weather , mark tawney group , is receiving support from  research . also , can we break out the support for calme ? calme is going to  split into 3 bus and i am trying to determine who i need to bill for research  supports . if you have any questions , call me . thanx .",0,research allocation becky gave egm shirley assume communicated info already assume egm includes f x r gary hickerson weather insurance jere overdyke oil trading coal calme info let split cost evenly vince becky pham pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject research allocation shirley grm egm group egm wants verify going allocate grm insurance jere overdyke group egm seems think weather mark tawney group receiving support research also break support calme calme going split bus trying determine need bill research supports questions call thanx
"Subject: orillion and ebs visit  * * * * * confirmation of meeting with orillion * * * * *  gentlemen :  i have spoken with jerry sellers of orillion and he will be visiting with ebs  on tuesday , april 25 , 2000 for about half a day . orillion is scheduled to be  at ebs from 1 : 00 - 4 : 00 p . m . in conference room 45 cl . the following  individuals will participate on behalf of orillion . they are as follows :  jerry sellers , chairman  terry lindsey , president  professor ken dick , technical advisory board at university of nebraska  orillion would like to propose the following discussion topics :  1 . introduce orillion to ebs  2 . engage in technical discussions  3 . discussions on how orillion can help ebs  participants from ebs :  arshak sarkissian for scott yeager  vince kaminski  john griebling  james reece  david reece  everette plante  diane hetzel  dorn hetzel  ravi thuraisingham",0,orillion ebs visit confirmation meeting orillion gentlemen spoken jerry sellers orillion visiting ebs tuesday april half day orillion scheduled ebs p conference room cl following individuals participate behalf orillion follows jerry sellers chairman terry lindsey president professor ken dick technical advisory board university nebraska orillion would like propose following discussion topics introduce orillion ebs engage technical discussions discussions orillion help ebs participants ebs arshak sarkissian scott yeager vince kaminski john griebling james reece david reece everette plante diane hetzel dorn hetzel ravi thuraisingham
"Subject: authorization  robert ,  please find below the authorization for the studay , as we had spoken about  during our conference call earlier today .  authorization  i authorize henwood energy services , inc . , to provide for the hourly rates  stated in the proposal dated 29 dec . 2000 , an analysis of the india  electricity system and an evaluation of the dabhol plant despatch . the  results of the study and information provided by enron shall be considered  confidential and will be subject to a confidentiality agreement to be  prepared by enron and submitted to henwood .  sandeep kohli ,  vice president ,  enron .",0,authorization robert please find authorization studay spoken conference call earlier today authorization authorize henwood energy services inc provide hourly rates stated proposal dated dec analysis india electricity system evaluation dabhol plant despatch results study information provided enron shall considered confidential subject confidentiality agreement prepared enron submitted henwood sandeep kohli vice president enron
"Subject: high - quality affordable logos  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy  several seconds for  your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors .  get your logo , business stationery or website done  riqht now !  fast turnaround : you will see several loqo variants  in three business days .  satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited  amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needs and fit your  business .  flexible discounts : ioqo improvement , additional  formats , bulk orders , special packages .  creative design for  competitive price : have a look at it right now !",1,high quality affordable logos corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes oniy several seconds company remembered lost among competitors get logo business stationery website done riqht fast turnaround see several loqo variants three business days satisfaction quaranteed provide unlimited amount changes sure wiii meet needs fit business flexible discounts ioqo improvement additional formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right
"Subject: re : insurance derivs  steve ,  i have a book edited by helyette regarding insurance derivatives .  i shall make a few copies of the most important articles  for you .  vince  steven leppard  11 / 06 / 2000 05 : 39 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc : gillian lockwood / lon / ect @ ect  subject : insurance derivs  vince , vasant  i ' ve just been speaking to gillian lockwood from our tax group , who is  interested in your work on ins . derivs . have you any general articles on the  principles of pricing these instruments ?  many thanks ,  steve",0,insurance derivs steve book edited helyette regarding insurance derivatives shall make copies important articles vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc gillian lockwood lon ect ect subject insurance derivs vince vasant speaking gillian lockwood tax group interested work ins derivs general articles principles pricing instruments many thanks steve
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want .  cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra  - the effect lasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country !  get it riqht now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactiy want cialis lot advantages viagra effect lasts hours ready start within minutes mix aicohoi ship country get riqht
"Subject: re : aram ' s visit  jesus ,  i yalked to aram . i have him on my calendar from 8 : 30 till 10 : 00 on friday .  a dinner / lunch on fri would work for me .  vince  jesus melendrez @ enron  04 / 20 / 2000 09 : 53 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : aram ' s visit  vince ,  i asked my assistant to schedule the meetings with aram and she will  contacting your asst . . as far as lunch or diner , i would be interested . i  will visit with aram in the next few days or if you do , you might want to ask  him . i believe he is coming for a wedding and he might have a tight schedule  but lets ask . hope all is going well . jgm",0,aram visit jesus yalked aram calendar till friday dinner lunch fri would work vince jesus melendrez enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject aram visit vince asked assistant schedule meetings aram contacting asst far lunch diner would interested visit aram next days might want ask believe coming wedding might tight schedule lets ask hope going well jgm
Subject: security alert - confirm your national credit union information  - - > ,1,security alert confirm national credit union information
"Subject: re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of  boston university  thanks , i will followup with shirley and vasant asap .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 02 , 2001 10 : 32 am  to : mack , iris  cc : kaminski , vince ; shanbhogue , vasant  subject : re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of  boston university  iris ,  please , check with shirley . she keeps my calendar up to date .  also , we got a 2 nd desk for you with the credit group  on the 23 rd floor . you can divide your time  bet the 19 th floor and the 23 rd floor to stay in touch with the  business unit . please , check with vasant and he will introduce you to the  credit team here in houston ( jeff kinneman , craig chaney ) .  also , please plan for a trip to london in 3 - 4 weeks .  vince  vince  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 02 / 2001 09 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of  boston university  hi ,  thanks for your prompt response .  nalin kulatilaka wants to visit when you are in town . what are good  thursdays for you ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 02 , 2001 8 : 14 am  to : mack , iris  cc : gibner , stinson ; kaminski , vince  subject : re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of  boston university  iris ,  i wrote an endorsement for his book on real options ( it was on the cover  under jeff skilling ' s  name ) . let ' s invite him to the thursday lunch .  vince  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 29 / 2001 05 : 52 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / enron communications  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston  university  hi stinson ,  a colleague of mine - professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university -  is interested in visiting enron to give a talk on work he is doing in the  broadband area .  please see the forwarded emails for further information and available  dates .  can you let me know if we can give him a forum at one of our thursday  research lunches or a friday brown bag lunch ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : nalin kulatilaka @ enron  com ]  sent : thursday , march 29 , 2001 5 : 40 pm  to : mack , iris  cc : lin , martin  subject : re : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston  university  hi iris  i have two different hats to wear in talking to enron . one is as a  financial economist . the other as the director of the newly formed "" global  mobility innovation initiative ( gmii ) - - this is the research project  funded by lucent , involving bu , lbs , and insead , to study various aspects  of the mobile internet ( read 3 g ) .  on the former i am working with a couple of ph . d . students in understanding  ( a ) details of how having physical supply ( inventory ) can be used by a  market maker . this is a problem that has been studies in the context of  specialists inventory in the stock market but i think really interesting in  the way enron does it in some of the newer markets like bandwidth . i  think this is a big issue in lighting up all the dark fiber that is in the  ground .  ( b ) how enron is disciplining the internal decision making process with  market . this is in many ways the critical aspect of real options that  most finance people miss - - having options is one thing but exercising them  and realizing their value is another . all of the incomplete contracting ,  asymmetric information , and incentive issues are ignored in real options  valuation models . but they are real in practice . my impression is enron ' s  real success is in putting place an organization that is able to mitigate  these problems by imposing a market disciplining .  ( c ) how enron manages the various books that involve physicals , financials ,  credit etc . this is specially important when many of the real assets have  options features and therefore , include non - linear risk profiles . the  story of gas is pretty well understood but not many of the others markets  enron has been moving into over the last few years .  on the gmii front , i think that some interesting opportunities arise when  you think of the spectrum in a way similar to that of dark fiber . i am  working with several people at lucent on this issue . i think it would be  wonderful to engage in a conversation with enron and lucent folks in the room .  i can do a lunch time talk on any of these issues . perhaps we can discuss  some of these over a conference call . clearly , having vince kaminski in the  room would be very important to me .  as for schedules , the first 3 weeks of april are horrible . april 26 / 27 ,  may 3 / 4 are good for me .  regards  nalin  at 06 : 56 pm 03 / 22 / 2001 , mack , iris wrote :  > hi ,  >  > as we briefly discussed , i spoke with one of my colleagues ( dr .  > martin lin ) about your visiting enron to give a talk and to spend some  > time with us to discuss you work in telecommunications , real options ,  > etc .  >  > martin and i are working on various broadband related problems .  >  > we thought it might be helpful if you let us know a bit more about  > the following :  > * when you want to come ( the research group has weekly  > catered lunch on thursday and brown bag lunches on every other friday ) .  >  > * a description of what you want to talk about with respect  > to telecoms , broadband , etc .  > * who you would like to meet with me - vince kaminski ( our  > boss ) , any other of our colleagues in research , broadband , etc .  > . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . etc .  >  >  >  >  > look forward to hearing from you .  >  > regards ,  > iris",0,fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university thanks followup shirley vasant asap original message kaminski vince sent monday april mack iris cc kaminski vince shanbhogue vasant subject fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university iris please check shirley keeps calendar date also got nd desk credit group rd floor divide time bet th floor rd floor stay touch business unit please check vasant introduce credit team houston jeff kinneman craig chaney also please plan trip london weeks vince vince iris mack enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect subject fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi thanks prompt response nalin kulatilaka wants visit town good thursdays thanks iris original message kaminski vince sent monday april mack iris cc gibner stinson kaminski vince subject fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university iris wrote endorsement book real options cover jeff skilling name let invite thursday lunch vince iris mack enron enronxgate pm stinson gibner hou ect ect stinson gibner enron communications cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi stinson colleague mine professor nalin kulatilaka boston university interested visiting enron give talk work broadband area please see forwarded emails information available dates let know give forum one thursday research lunches friday brown bag lunch thanks iris original message nalin kulatilaka enron com sent thursday march pm mack iris cc lin martin subject possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi iris two different hats wear talking enron one financial economist director newly formed global mobility innovation initiative gmii research project funded lucent involving bu lbs insead study various aspects mobile internet read g former working couple ph students understanding details physical supply inventory used market maker problem studies context specialists inventory stock market think really interesting way enron newer markets like bandwidth think big issue lighting dark fiber ground b enron disciplining internal decision making process market many ways critical aspect real options finance people miss options one thing exercising realizing value another incomplete contracting asymmetric information incentive issues ignored real options valuation models real practice impression enron real success putting place organization able mitigate problems imposing market disciplining c enron manages various books involve physicals financials credit etc specially important many real assets options features therefore include non linear risk profiles story gas pretty well understood many others markets enron moving last years gmii front think interesting opportunities arise think spectrum way similar dark fiber working several people lucent issue think would wonderful engage conversation enron lucent folks room lunch time talk issues perhaps discuss conference call clearly vince kaminski room would important schedules first weeks april horrible april may good regards nalin pm mack iris wrote hi briefly discussed spoke one colleagues dr martin lin visiting enron give talk spend time us discuss work telecommunications real options etc martin working various broadband related problems thought might helpful let us know bit following want come research group weekly catered lunch thursday brown bag lunches every friday description want talk respect telecoms broadband etc would like meet vince kaminski boss colleagues research broadband etc etc look forward hearing regards iris
"Subject: dear vince :  are you available to attend our next advisory meeting on june 14 , 2001 ?  here is the draft agenda :  >  please let me know .  kate fang  215 - 898 - 1212  wharton risk management and decision processes center  - agenda - draft . doc",0,dear vince available attend next advisory meeting june draft agenda please let know kate fang wharton risk management decision processes center agenda draft doc
"Subject: colored printer taj mahal  hello everyone .  this memo only applies to the research group on the 19 th floor that use  the colored printer "" taj mahal "" .  vince has requested that i ask each of you to only use the colored printer  "" taj mahal "" for presentations , newsletters , etc . that require at least 90 %  of color . these cartridges are very expensive and several times we have  picked up a copy of something that only had color on the first page and it  would be maybe 15 - 20 pages long . this is not cost effective .  if you have something that has color on the first page , but not on the rest  of the presentation , then please just print the first page on the color  printer  and the rest on "" bandit "" or "" wagon "" .  your help will be greatly appreciated !  thanks !  shirley",0,colored printer taj mahal hello everyone memo applies research group th floor use colored printer taj mahal vince requested ask use colored printer taj mahal presentations newsletters etc require least color cartridges expensive several times picked copy something color first page would maybe pages long cost effective something color first page rest presentation please print first page color printer rest bandit wagon help greatly appreciated thanks shirley
"Subject: 2 - survey / information email 5 - 7 - 01  current notes user :  to ensure that you experience a successful migration from notes to outlook , it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration . please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey . when you finish , simply click on the ' reply ' button then hit ' send ' your survey will automatically be sent to the outlook 2000 migration mailbox .  thank you .  outlook 2000 migration team  full name :  login id :  extension :  office location :  what type of computer do you have ? ( desktop , laptop , both )  do you have a pda ? if yes , what type do you have : ( none , ipaq , palm pilot , jornada )  do you have permission to access anyone ' s email / calendar ?  if yes , who ?  does anyone have permission to access your email / calendar ?  if yes , who ?  are you responsible for updating anyone else ' s address book ?  if yes , who ?  is anyone else responsible for updating your address book ?  if yes , who ?  do you have access to a shared calendar ?  if yes , which shared calendar ?  do you have any distribution groups that messaging maintains for you ( for mass mailings ) ?  if yes , please list here :  please list all notes databases applications that you currently use :  in our efforts to plan the exact date / time of your migration , we also will need to know :  what are your normal work hours ? from : to :  will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation , leave , etc ?  if so , when ? from ( mm / dd / yy ) : to ( mm / dd / yy ) :",0,survey information email current notes user ensure experience successful migration notes outlook necessary gather individual user information prior date migration please take minutes completely fill following survey finish simply click reply button hit send survey automatically sent outlook migration mailbox thank outlook migration team full name login id extension office location type computer desktop laptop pda yes type none ipaq palm pilot jornada permission access anyone email calendar yes anyone permission access email calendar yes responsible updating anyone else address book yes anyone else responsible updating address book yes access shared calendar yes shared calendar distribution groups messaging maintains mass mailings yes please list please list notes databases applications currently use efforts plan exact date time migration also need know normal work hours office near future vacation leave etc mm dd yy mm dd yy
"Subject: re : software license  karla ,  august is a vacation month in france .  i would not count on a response any time soon .  vince  from : karla feldman on 08 / 08 / 2000 09 : 34 am  to : geman @ dauphine . fr  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : software license  ms . geman ,  i am just following up to see if you had received my previous message  forwarded below and whether you have a response so that we can move forward  with this contract ?  thank you ,  karla feldman  - - - - - forwarded by karla feldman / hou / ect on 08 / 08 / 2000 09 : 23 am - - - - -  karla feldman  07 / 28 / 2000 01 : 41 pm  to : geman @ dauphine . fr  cc :  subject : software license  dear ms . geman ,  i met with vince kaminski yesterday regarding picking back up with the  license agreement we were working on back in march . he relayed some  additional requirements which need to be added to the agreement , which  include the following :  1 . the price agreed upon is $ 90 , 000 .  2 . d - g will provide system support .  3 . no later than 12 months of execution of the agreement , d - g will provide  the source code to enron . in the meantime , the source code is to be in  escrow . additionally , the source code would be released sooner than the 12  months if any of the following conditions occur : ( i ) d - g goes out of  business ; ( ii ) d - g is unable to provide effective technical support ; or ( iii )  if d - g agrees to release it sooner .  before i have our attorney add these things to the agreement , we need to  discuss the escrow situation . vince mentioned that you had suggested that  your attorney keep the software in escrow . is your attorney a u . s .  attorney ? it seems like i may have recalled that way back in march you might  have said you had a friend or relative that was an attorney . is that the  same person ? does this attorney work for a large firm , small firm , or solo  practitioner ? basically , if you could just provides some additional  information about your attorney , i would appreciate it .  we normally would use an escrow company to put the software in escrow . we  have dealt with a company here in the u . s . called dsi technology . i will  check into that pending your answer regarding your attorney .  once we decide what we want to do regarding placing the software in escrow ,  we will red - line the agreement to reflect such changes and e - mail it back to  you for your review .  i look forward to hearing from you .  karla feldman  enron corp .  contract administration  ( 713 ) 646 - 7554",0,software license karla august vacation month france would count response time soon vince karla feldman geman dauphine fr cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect subject software license ms geman following see received previous message forwarded whether response move forward contract thank karla feldman forwarded karla feldman hou ect karla feldman pm geman dauphine fr cc subject software license dear ms geman met vince kaminski yesterday regarding picking back license agreement working back march relayed additional requirements need added agreement include following price agreed upon g provide system support later months execution agreement g provide source code enron meantime source code escrow additionally source code would released sooner months following conditions occur g goes business ii g unable provide effective technical support iii g agrees release sooner attorney add things agreement need discuss escrow situation vince mentioned suggested attorney keep software escrow attorney u attorney seems like may recalled way back march might said friend relative attorney person attorney work large firm small firm solo practitioner basically could provides additional information attorney would appreciate normally would use escrow company put software escrow dealt company u called dsi technology check pending answer regarding attorney decide want regarding placing software escrow red line agreement reflect changes e mail back review look forward hearing karla feldman enron corp contract administration
"Subject: your approval is requested  please be informed that you have one or more srrs requests that are  outstanding due to a pending action to approve or reject decision on your  part . please go to the srrs ( lotus notes desktop icon ) and select the  "" requests awaiting my approval "" option and complete the necessary action .  more srrs request information can be seen within the request by clicking on  "" resource display "" .  your response will enable the srrs process to continue for eventual closure .  thank you ,  information risk management",0,approval requested please informed one srrs requests outstanding due pending action approve reject decision part please go srrs lotus notes desktop icon select requests awaiting approval option complete necessary action srrs request information seen within request clicking resource display response enable srrs process continue eventual closure thank information risk management
"Subject: xpress and cplex runtime comparison results  vince ,  fyi  below is the comparison of the computation time results from cplex and xpress  optimization softwares .  - chonawee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  05 / 19 / 2000 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat  05 / 17 / 2000 05 : 48 pm  to : samer _ takriti @ enron . net , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , ravi  thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect ,  ming - lung . lee @ sycamorenet . com , ming 888 lee @ aol . com  subject : xpress and cplex runtime comparison results  hi ,  i have tested both cplex and xpress - mp optimization software in solving our  network design problem .  xpress is more user friendly hence it takes less developing time . however ,  cplex performs significantly better  in term of computation time , especially in integer programming .  as a result , eventhougth xpress is easier to use and cheaper , i would  recommend our ebs group to use cplex .  please let me know what do you think . . .  the test problem has 10 nodes , 77 cables , 5 cable speed .  the table below represents the computation time in seconds for solving this  problem .  the second column indicates if the general integer variables are relaxed ( but  still keep the binary variables ) .  the "" lp "" column represents the computational time when solving relaxed  problem ( no binary & integer variable constraints ) .  xpress took too much time in solving case 4 and 6 so i had to stop the  process and report the best solutions it found .  below are the graph .",0,xpress cplex runtime comparison results vince fyi comparison computation time results cplex xpress optimization softwares chonawee forwarded chonawee supatgiat corp enron pm chonawee supatgiat pm samer takriti enron net stinson gibner hou ect ect ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications cc tom halliburton corp enron enron pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect ming lung lee sycamorenet com ming lee aol com subject xpress cplex runtime comparison results hi tested cplex xpress mp optimization software solving network design problem xpress user friendly hence takes less developing time however cplex performs significantly better term computation time especially integer programming result eventhougth xpress easier use cheaper would recommend ebs group use cplex please let know think test problem nodes cables cable speed table represents computation time seconds solving problem second column indicates general integer variables relaxed still keep binary variables lp column represents computational time solving relaxed problem binary integer variable constraints xpress took much time solving case stop process report best solutions found graph
"Subject: class proposal by yannis  hi vince ,  yannis of the weather desk is planning to develop relationship with prof  rene carmona in doing weather analysis . to start this off , they are planning  to pay prof carmona to give a training class as outlined below , and they  want to know if research is willing to send people and bear part of the costs .  we can talk more at 4 : 00 pm , but while there is no doubt that getting people  from outside to present new ideas is always important and interesting , i  think research group members can easily give most of these talks .  apparently , people are interested in these topics and are willing to pay to  listen . my thought is that if the intent is to develop relationships , that  is fine , but the research group should also be given the opportunity to  provide more training and get more visibility . i have already communicated  this to joe and to yannis .  vasant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 03 / 05 / 2001  10 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : yannis tzamouranis / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 05 / 2001 10 : 01 am  to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  here is a tentative course description .  day 1 : extreme value distriutions and copulas  1 . heavy tail distributions : exploratory data analysis and detection .  extreme value distributions and generalized pareto distributions .  estimation and simulation . practical examples .  2 . notions of dependence and copulas . estimation and simulation .  experiments with the program evanece .  day 2 : principal component analysis and modern regression  1 . principal component analysis and applications to the yield curve and  the detection of contagion in financial markets .  2 . nonlinear regression and the construction of yield curves .  3 . nonparametric regression ( kernel and projection pursuit methods ) and  alternatives to the black - scholes formula to option pricing .  day 3 : time series analysis  examples of temperature time series will be used to introduce and  illustrate the following concepts and techniques :  1 . removing trends and seasonal components , and stationarity .  2 . fitting the classical autoregressive and moving average models .  3 . discretization of stochastic differential equations  4 . multivariate time series  day 4 : nonlinear systems and filtering  1 . arch , garch and stochastic volatility models  2 . linear state space models and the classical kalman filter  3 . nonlinear systems and particle filtering .  4 . applications",0,class proposal yannis hi vince yannis weather desk planning develop relationship prof rene carmona weather analysis start planning pay prof carmona give training class outlined want know research willing send people bear part costs talk pm doubt getting people outside present new ideas always important interesting think research group members easily give talks apparently people interested topics willing pay listen thought intent develop relationships fine research group also given opportunity provide training get visibility already communicated joe yannis vasant forwarded vasant shanbhogue hou ect yannis tzamouranis enron enronxgate vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc subject tentative course description day extreme value distriutions copulas heavy tail distributions exploratory data analysis detection extreme value distributions generalized pareto distributions estimation simulation practical examples notions dependence copulas estimation simulation experiments program evanece day principal component analysis modern regression principal component analysis applications yield curve detection contagion financial markets nonlinear regression construction yield curves nonparametric regression kernel projection pursuit methods alternatives black scholes formula option pricing day time series analysis examples temperature time series used introduce illustrate following concepts techniques removing trends seasonal components stationarity fitting classical autoregressive moving average models discretization stochastic differential equations multivariate time series day nonlinear systems filtering arch garch stochastic volatility models linear state space models classical kalman filter nonlinear systems particle filtering applications
"Subject: re : lacima energy and weather derivatives courses by clewlow and  strickland  sure :  i think that would be a great opportunity to get more insights on modeling  forward curves .  i would like to participate on both courses if possible .  many thanks for remembering my name .  paulo issler .  vince j kaminski  11 / 13 / 2000 08 : 15 am  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : lacima energy and weather derivatives courses by clewlow and  strickland  paulo , alex ,  any interest ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 13 / 2000  08 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" julie "" on 11 / 12 / 2000 02 : 05 : 40 pm  to :  cc :  subject : lacima energy and weather derivatives courses by clewlow and  strickland  please find attached information ? for our next two courses and workshops : ?  energy derivatives : ? pricing and risk management and  weather derivatives , which will be conducted in houston and in london in feb  / march 2001 . ? instructors will be dr les clewlow and dr chris strickland .  ?  because the course requires intense interaction , the courses will be ? limited  to a maximum of 15 people , so early registration is encouraged .  ?  if you require further information , or would like to register for either or  both ? courses , please contact me via this email or our web site , ? www .  lacimagroup . com  - energy . pdf  - weather . pdf",0,lacima energy weather derivatives courses clewlow strickland sure think would great opportunity get insights modeling forward curves would like participate courses possible many thanks remembering name paulo issler vince j kaminski paulo issler hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron cc subject lacima energy weather derivatives courses clewlow strickland paulo alex interest vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect julie pm cc subject lacima energy weather derivatives courses clewlow strickland please find attached information next two courses workshops energy derivatives pricing risk management weather derivatives conducted houston london feb march instructors dr les clewlow dr chris strickland course requires intense interaction courses limited maximum people early registration encouraged require information would like register either courses please contact via email web site www lacimagroup com energy pdf weather pdf
"Subject: re : weekly report  vasant  thanks for your clarification .  i understand how this can happen and i feel better for having heard from you  folks .  rgds  dp  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shanbhogue , vasant  sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 5 : 33 pm  to : port , david  cc : kaminski , vince ; kindall , kevin  subject : weekly report  hi david ,  i understand that you were slightly upset over a comment kevin kindall made  in one of his weekly reports . the wording was unfortunate , but the intention  was never to disparage anybody . it is just that since research gets data  from a large number of sources , we feel obligated to the data donor to ask  any requester for clarification of need . i completely understand that rac  typically has access to much sensitive information and they have a right to  know much information . we just want to make sure there is open flow of  information ( it is in everybody ' s best interests and the company ' s best  interests ) and that everybody is aware of how data is flowing .  best wishes ,  vasant",0,weekly report vasant thanks clarification understand happen feel better heard folks rgds dp original message shanbhogue vasant sent thursday march pm port david cc kaminski vince kindall kevin subject weekly report hi david understand slightly upset comment kevin kindall made one weekly reports wording unfortunate intention never disparage anybody since research gets data large number sources feel obligated data donor ask requester clarification need completely understand rac typically access much sensitive information right know much information want make sure open flow information everybody best interests company best interests everybody aware data flowing best wishes vasant
"Subject: directions to the tamiment resort and conference center , location  of the 20 th annual conference  dear participants :  here are the directions to the tamiment :  from new york fax : 973 - 353 - 1348  http : / / www . rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri  crri @ andromeda . rutgers . edu  center for research in regulated industries  rutgers university - graduate school of management  180 university avenue , room 200 p  newark , nj 07102 - 1897  phone : 973 - 353 - 5761 ; fax : 973 - 353 - 1348  http : / / www . rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri  crri @ andromeda . rutgers . edu ",0,directions tamiment resort conference center location th annual conference dear participants directions tamiment new york fax http www rci rutgers edu crri crri andromeda rutgers edu center research regulated industries rutgers university graduate school management university avenue room p newark nj phone fax http www rci rutgers edu crri crri andromeda rutgers edu
"Subject: interview on friday , may 5 th  good morning norberto :  enron corp . research would like you to come in for an informal interview  friday , may 5 , beginning at 1 : 30 pm . following is a tentative schedule :  vasant shanbhogue 1 : 30 pm  vince kaminski 1 : 45 pm  clayton vernon 2 : 00 pm  stinson gibner 2 : 15 pm  tanya tamarchenko 2 : 30 pm  grant masson 2 : 45 pm  please let me know if these times work for you .  thank you !  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290",0,interview friday may th good morning norberto enron corp research would like come informal interview friday may beginning pm following tentative schedule vasant shanbhogue pm vince kaminski pm clayton vernon pm stinson gibner pm tanya tamarchenko pm grant masson pm please let know times work thank shirley crenshaw
"Subject: fyi : ferc staff report on investigation of bulk power markets  message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at  pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com :  the ferc staff recently released a report discussing markets in each of the  regions titled "" investigation of bulk power markets "" . the report is not a ferc  order .  the northeast region is discussed in a section of 100 pages in length . pjm is  discussed in detail beginning on page 1 - 59 . there are some minor inaccuracies  in  the report with respect to pjm , such as the 1999 peak load .  the report is a good first step in understanding the complex markets in the  northeast and their relationships among each other . the report also contains  recommendations and options for resolution of issues .  the complete report can be found at www . ferc . fed . us / newsl / staffreports . htm  please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer  relations and training , please send an e - mail to custsvc @ pjm . com .  to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com  containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail :  unsubscribe pjm - customer - info",0,fyi ferc staff report investigation bulk power markets message sent pjm customer info mailing list pjm customer info majordomo pjm com ferc staff recently released report discussing markets regions titled investigation bulk power markets report ferc order northeast region discussed section pages length pjm discussed detail beginning page minor inaccuracies report respect pjm peak load report good first step understanding complex markets northeast relationships among report also contains recommendations options resolution issues complete report found www ferc fed us newsl staffreports htm please reply message question pjm customer relations training please send e mail custsvc pjm com unsubscribe list send e mail majordomo majordomo pjm com containing following line body e mail unsubscribe pjm customer info
"Subject: ceo meeting with governor johanns  to margaret and beth ,  in order to ensure a comprehensive speech to goveror johanns , i am in the  process of compiling some preliminary research on the impacts of energy  prices on agri - business in nebraska . before i can make a decision of whether  i can accept this offer to speak , i would like to finish this preliminary  study .  i need to know the deadline of your request . can you give me a better  understanding as to the duration of the speech and the type of forum in which  i will be speaking ? should i expect a q & a after the speech ? who will be in  the audience ? what companies and ceo ' s will be attending the meeting ? who  will be speaking on energy derivatives ? please let me know when you need my  decision .  regards ,  maureen raymond - castaneda",0,ceo meeting governor johanns margaret beth order ensure comprehensive speech goveror johanns process compiling preliminary research impacts energy prices agri business nebraska make decision whether accept offer speak would like finish preliminary study need know deadline request give better understanding duration speech type forum speaking expect q speech audience companies ceo attending meeting speaking energy derivatives please let know need decision regards maureen raymond castaneda
"Subject: renshi zhang ' s resume  shirley and molly ,  vince is interested to set up an interview for renshi zhang . any day except thursday next week  is good .  interviewers : vince , stinson , vasant , tanya , alex , bob , krishna and myself .  contact number for mr . zhang is 713 - 544 - 5989 .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 49 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 06 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  marshall brown on 03 / 09 / 2001 07 : 46 : 22 am  to : vince kaminski  cc :  subject : resume  vince ,  how are you . this candidate would be interested in any positions in  your group .  regards ,  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596  fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312  mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  http : / / www . robertwalters . com  >  caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  be intercepted by a third party .  this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  the system manager .  this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  - zhan _ ren . doc",0,renshi zhang resume shirley molly vince interested set interview renshi zhang day except thursday next week good interviewers vince stinson vasant tanya alex bob krishna contact number mr zhang zimin forwarded zimin lu hou ect pm zimin lu forwarded zimin lu hou ect vince j kaminski zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject resume forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect marshall brown vince kaminski cc subject resume vince candidate would interested positions group regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel fax mailto marshall brown robertwalters com http www robertwalters com caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses zhan ren doc
"Subject: get debts off your back - time : 5 : 38 : 50 am  are creditors hassling you about your debts ?  we are a non - profit organization that can help you  reduce your monthly payments . our consultation is free . .  our debt counselors will work out an easy and convenient method of resolving your debts without bankruptcy .  contact us now and take a big load off your mind . - http : / / debt - freee . com / 9 i / ? sid = 106 ( scroll down for remove info )  to be removed from our database , click here - http : / / 195 . 235 . 97 . 200 / personal 9 / reserve 3 / remove . html",1,get debts back time creditors hassling debts non profit organization help reduce monthly payments consultation free debt counselors work easy convenient method resolving debts without bankruptcy contact us take big load mind http debt freee com sid scroll remove info removed database click http personal reserve remove html
"Subject: re : probation period - matthew williams  hi karen  i ' m happy for matt to be made permanent - all relevant feedback is contained  in his prc .  cheers ,  steve  karen tamlyn  07 / 26 / 2000 10 : 50 am  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : probation period - matthew williams  notice of end of probationary period  i am writing to inform you that the six month probationary period for matthew  williams is due to end on the on the 21 st august 2000 .  if you are happy to pass their probationary period please reply confirming  this giving any feedback you deem necessary .  however , if you are unsure and wish to either extend or fail the probationary  period please contact sophie kingsley immediately to discuss further .  many thanks  karen tamlyn  hr  ext . 34310",0,probation period matthew williams hi karen happy matt made permanent relevant feedback contained prc cheers steve karen tamlyn steven leppard lon ect ect cc subject probation period matthew williams notice end probationary period writing inform six month probationary period matthew williams due end st august happy pass probationary period please reply confirming giving feedback deem necessary however unsure wish either extend fail probationary period please contact sophie kingsley immediately discuss many thanks karen tamlyn hr ext
"Subject: wti crude price and ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub and new  york city gate gas by month  michael ,  can you , please , provide this information .  let me take a look at it before it ' s released .  thanks .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2000  08 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  margaret carson @ enron  04 / 06 / 2000 04 : 15 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : wti crude price and ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub and new york  city gate gas by month  vince i am doing some advocacy for ena to refute a law suit about  changes in  gas prices spiking in new york in dec 1999 - jan / mar 2000 compared to  dec 1998 - jan / mar 1999 .  for the december 1998 through march 2000 16 month period can you  please have someone in your group  provide me with a set of avg monthly prices for wti oil and ny harbor  resid vs henry hub and ny city gate avg monthly prices during this  period ? thanks for helping us out on this . margaret",0,wti crude price ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub new york city gate gas month michael please provide information let take look released thanks vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect margaret carson enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject wti crude price ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub new york city gate gas month vince advocacy ena refute law suit changes gas prices spiking new york dec jan mar compared dec jan mar december march month period please someone group provide set avg monthly prices wti oil ny harbor resid vs henry hub ny city gate avg monthly prices period thanks helping us margaret
"Subject: make big money with foreclosed real estate in your area  trinity consulting 1730 redhill ave . , ste . 135 irvine , ca 92606 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,make big money foreclosed real estate area trinity consulting redhill ave ste irvine ca e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: fw : modified version  lance ,  any comment ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2001  08 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 04 / 2001 04 : 50 pm  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , kevin m  presto / hou / ect @ ect , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fw : modified version  this may be of interest to you . i was contacted by steve lake from argonne  national laboratory who is interested in selling us some of their models and  mapping software . let me know if there is any interest .  thanks ,  beth  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : "" lake , stephan "" @ enron  nron . com ]  sent : wednesday , april 04 , 2001 3 : 52 pm  to : perlman , beth  cc : conzelmann , guenter  subject : fw : modified version  beth ,  i enjoyed talking with you this afternoon regarding possible enron / argonne  national laboratory collaboration . as i mentioned , one of our divisions ,  decision information sciences has built state of the art tools for modeling  and simulating energy use . they have trained many country energy ministries  on the use of their tools as well as solved complex energy technology issues .  i ' ve attached a presentation which describes some of their capabilities in  this area . decision information sciences also has done much work in studying  critical infrastructure issues in both gas and electric systems which also  may be of interest . finally , they have been pioneers in the development of  agent based complex adaptive systems for modeling very complex systems that  are impossible to view with over approaches .  i will also include a copy of my correspondences with one of your e - business  groups under separate transmission .  regards ,  stephan lake  manager , business development and marketing  argonne national laboratory  630 - 252 - 5685 telephone  630 - 252 - 5230 fax  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : conzelmann , guenter  sent : monday , april 02 , 2001 4 : 50 pm  to : lake , stephan  subject : modified version  guenter conzelmann  manager , national and international studies section  energy and environmental systems analysis group  argonne national laboratory  9700 south cass avenue  building 900  argonne , il 60439 - 4832  telephone : + + 1 - 630 - 252 - 7173  fax : + + 1 - 630 - 252 - 6073  email : guenter @ anl . gov  web : http : / / enpep . dis . anl . gov / enpep /  fedex / dhl address :  1200 international parkway  woodridge , il 60517  - enpep overview industrial partnership 02 lake . ppt",0,fw modified version lance comment vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect beth perlman enron enronxgate pm louise kitchen hou ect ect tim belden hou ect ect kevin presto hou ect ect hunter shively hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fw modified version may interest contacted steve lake argonne national laboratory interested selling us models mapping software let know interest thanks beth original message lake stephan enron nron com sent wednesday april pm perlman beth cc conzelmann guenter subject fw modified version beth enjoyed talking afternoon regarding possible enron argonne national laboratory collaboration mentioned one divisions decision information sciences built state art tools modeling simulating energy use trained many country energy ministries use tools well solved complex energy technology issues attached presentation describes capabilities area decision information sciences also done much work studying critical infrastructure issues gas electric systems also may interest finally pioneers development agent based complex adaptive systems modeling complex systems impossible view approaches also include copy correspondences one e business groups separate transmission regards stephan lake manager business development marketing argonne national laboratory telephone fax original message conzelmann guenter sent monday april pm lake stephan subject modified version guenter conzelmann manager national international studies section energy environmental systems analysis group argonne national laboratory south cass avenue building argonne il telephone fax email guenter anl gov web http enpep dis anl gov enpep fedex dhl address international parkway woodridge il enpep overview industrial partnership lake ppt
"Subject: only our software is guaranteed 100 % legal .  name - brand software at low , low , low , low prices  everything comes to him who hustles while he waits .  many would be cowards if they had courage enough .",1,software guaranteed legal name brand software low low low low prices everything comes hustles waits many would cowards courage enough
"Subject: re : fw : a request from uc hicago student  laura ,  we shall have phone interviews with both candidates you brought up to our  attention .  vince  from : laura howenstine / enron @ enronxgate on 02 / 28 / 2001 04 : 05 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ravi thuraisingham / enron  communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : fw : a request from uc hicago student  hi vince and ravi ,  here is another student from univ . of chicago ' s financial mathematics program  who is interested in enron . his resume is attached at the bottom .  thanks .  regards ,  laura  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : "" laura howenstine "" @ enron  e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , february 27 , 2001 11 : 16 am  to : howenstine , laura  subject : fwd : a request from uc hicago student  > from : "" ramaswamy garimella ""  > to : lhowenstine @ hotmail . com  > cc : ramaswamy _ garimella @ hotmail . com  > subject : a request from uc hicago student  > date : tue , 27 feb 2001 01 : 08 : 00 - 0600  >  > hello ms . laura howenstine ,  >  > my name is ramaswamy , and i am student of the ms financial  > mathematics program at the university of chicago ( uc ) . i found your  > address in the uc alumni gateway .  >  > i am interested in the associate position at enron , and would like  > to request you for any information that you can share with me in  > this respect . please find my resume attached to this message .  > briefly , i have an mba - finance from smu - dallas , and have  > extensive experience in it . currently , i am learning risk  > management / derivative pricing in the ms financial mathematics  > program at uc .  >  > you are the first alumni that i sought for informational help . so ,  > please excuse me for any mistakes in protocol . please reply me at  > your convenient time . thank you very much .  >  > sincerely ,  > ramaswamy garimella .  >  >  >  get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com  - resume . doc",0,fw request uc hicago student laura shall phone interviews candidates brought attention vince laura howenstine enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications cc subject fw request uc hicago student hi vince ravi another student univ chicago financial mathematics program interested enron resume attached bottom thanks regards laura original message laura howenstine enron e enron enron com sent tuesday february howenstine laura subject fwd request uc hicago student ramaswamy garimella lhowenstine hotmail com cc ramaswamy garimella hotmail com subject request uc hicago student date tue feb hello ms laura howenstine name ramaswamy student ms financial mathematics program university chicago uc found address uc alumni gateway interested associate position enron would like request information share respect please find resume attached message briefly mba finance smu dallas extensive experience currently learning risk management derivative pricing ms financial mathematics program uc first alumni sought informational help please excuse mistakes protocol please reply convenient time thank much sincerely ramaswamy garimella get free download msn explorer http explorer msn com resume doc
"Subject: interview - credit derivatives  dear vince :  thank you for the invitation yesterday . it was a pleasure to meet you all and learn more about the group , it ' s structure and to some extent what you are involved in . please extend my thanks to all of them .  i am particularly interested in the credit swap trading platform that enron has recently started . such a platform will provide unique visibility into the credit markets . as you suggested i tried to learn more about this from tanya . i would like to learn more and if possible meet other people more directly linked to the effort .  just simple instruments like credit swaps will require serious modelling capability for the pricing and the hedging of these apparently simple intruments . the market visibility i mention above can be explored through credit derivatives trading successfully if enron possesses superior ( vis a vis morgan stanley , salomon smith barney , chase manhatan , etc . ) modelling technology in credit derivatives . i can and would like to consider the possibility of doing this for enron . i would like to help develop and participate in putting together that business .  as i mentioned to you i have done some work in credit derivatives and am deeply familiar with virtually all the work of the principal academics in credit derivatives namely : duffie , lando , tuffano , duffee , das , lelland , etc . i have read carefully most of their work ( published as well as working papers ) on the subject to date .  i look forward to hearing from you .  best regards  joao",0,interview credit derivatives dear vince thank invitation yesterday pleasure meet learn group structure extent involved please extend thanks particularly interested credit swap trading platform enron recently started platform provide unique visibility credit markets suggested tried learn tanya would like learn possible meet people directly linked effort simple instruments like credit swaps require serious modelling capability pricing hedging apparently simple intruments market visibility mention explored credit derivatives trading successfully enron possesses superior vis vis morgan stanley salomon smith barney chase manhatan etc modelling technology credit derivatives would like consider possibility enron would like help develop participate putting together business mentioned done work credit derivatives deeply familiar virtually work principal academics credit derivatives namely duffie lando tuffano duffee das lelland etc read carefully work published well working papers subject date look forward hearing best regards joao
"Subject: the next move higher for strong market leader  homeland security investments  the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have  changed  the security | andscape for the foreseeabie future . both physical and  logical  security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in  the  banking , nationa | resource and government sectors . according to giga ,  a  who | | y owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for  information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by  2 oo 5 .  homeiand security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing  our  readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this  lucrative sector . as we know , events reiated to homeiand security  happen  with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position  ourseives in  such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to  capitaiize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security  investments is here to help our readers do just that .  with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie ,  inc .  this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long  terms .  symbol : vnbl . ob  current price : o . o 8  short term target price : 0 . 35  12 month target price : 1 . 20  * * * why we beiieve vnbl . ob wi | | give big returns on investment * * *  * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency  identification ) technology . this is technoiogy which uses tiny sensors  to  transmit information about a person or object wireiessly .  * vnbl is aiready an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location  technoiogy .  * vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which allows companies  and  governments to wireiessly track their assets and resources . such  technology  has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materials  designated "" high risk "" were they to fail into the wrong hands .  * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order  to  create "" high security space "" in | ocales where it is deemed necessary .  locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea  ports ,  mines , nuciear facilities , and more .  * as with a | | stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has  made vnbl a hot buy .  news on vnbl  malibu , caiif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2 oo 5 - - vinobie , inc .  ( otcbb : vnbl -  news ) , a hoiding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth  opportunities  in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and  other  security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and  services that wi | | assist in the automation of the identification and  control of equipment , assets , tools , and the reiated processes used in  the  oil & gas and petrochemica | industries .  aithough sma | | wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines  and  equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious , they  can  aiso deliver safety features within oi | welis . oi | maybe trapped in  different | ayers of rock , aiong with gas and water . detection of  specific  | iquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise  opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur ,  such as  a well filiing with water .  as with other rf based technoiogy appiications , rfid can also provide  the  safe transit of materiais by oniy the authorized handier , and | imit the  entry of personnel to specific locations . ensuring personnel safety is  essential , should there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags wouid  enable the customer to track and evaiuate its employee ' s safety and / or  danger . this application technology requires product and hardware that  can  operate in harsh and potentiaily hazardous conditions , but gives  vaiuable  safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer . rfid  can  aiso assist the customer ' s suppiy chain by tracking oi | , gas , and  chemica |  products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail | eve | .  vinobie ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are  more  than just a valuable tool to the mining industry , but as a protective  measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against  threat .  preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of  u . s .  industry and economy .  the company beiieves that such offering service and technology  application  in the oi | & gas and petrochemica | industry will further position  vinobie in  a rapidiy expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the  increasing capital and giobal spending that the company wi | | require  for  growth . the company ' s goa | is to also provide a much - needed service at  a  cost manageable to even the smaliest of businesses that can ' t afford to  do  without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of  constant threat .  this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is  exceptiona | . in an already hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truiy  innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock .  information within this emai | contains "" forward looking statements ""  within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and  section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that  express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,  expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,  assumptions or  future  events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be  "" forward | ooking statements . "" forward | ooking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are  made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause  actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy  anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be  identified  through the use of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" ,  "" will , "" "" anticipates , "" "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" "" understands "" or  that by  statements indicating certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur .  as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk  factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a limited operating  history ,  the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a sharehoider on an  unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority  stockhoider , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw  materiais :  reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and  numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital .  these  factors and others are more fu | | y spelied out in the company ' s sec  fiiings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket  stock  report does not represent that the information contained in this  message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact  necessary  to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information  provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities  must  be  understood as information provided and not investment advice . the  rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice  from  a registered professional securities representative before deciding to  trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within  this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or  soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .  you  can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of  the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax ,  accounting or  investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies  are  specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance  of  these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results  in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening .  remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future  resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a  company ' s fiiings , should be completed prior to investing . in  compiiance  with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report  discioses the receipt of tweive thousand dollars from a third party  ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for  the  circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock  they  will se | | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict  of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this  is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . ail factual information  in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not  limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases .  the  rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can  make  no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia |  within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .",1,next move higher strong market leader homeland security investments terror attacks united states september ool changed security andscape foreseeabie future physical logical security become paramount industry segments especially banking nationa resource government sectors according giga owned subsidiary forrester research woridwide demand information security products services set eclipse b oo homeiand security investments newsletter dedicated providing readers information pertaining investment opportunities lucrative sector know events reiated homeiand security happen lightning speed investors position ourseives way take advantage current trends ready capitaiize events yet happen homeland security investments help readers mind great excitement present vinobie inc stock expected big things near long terms symbol vnbl ob current price short term target price month target price beiieve vnbl ob wi give big returns investment time much vnbl focus rfid radio frequency identification technology technoiogy uses tiny sensors transmit information person object wireiessly vnbl aiready industry pioneer rfid personal location technoiogy vnbl developing form rfid technology allows companies governments wireiessly track assets resources technology huge potentia protection transportation materials designated high risk fail wrong hands vnbl works integration two afore mentioned systems order create high security space ocales deemed necessary locations may take advantage systems airports sea ports mines nuciear facilities stocks news drives short term price fresh news made vnbl hot buy news vnbl malibu caiif business wire june oo vinobie inc otcbb vnbl news hoiding company seeking identify ong term growth opportunities areas homeland security security information systems security services announced today plans offer products services wi assist automation identification control equipment assets tools reiated processes used oil gas petrochemica industries aithough sma wireiessiy networked rfid sensors monitor machines equipment detect possible problems become serious aiso deliver safety features within oi welis oi maybe trapped different ayers rock aiong gas water detection specific iquids assist equipment operating within specific precise opportune moment ensure certain adverse conditions occur well filiing water rf based technoiogy appiications rfid also provide safe transit materiais oniy authorized handier imit entry personnel specific locations ensuring personnel safety essential emergency facility rfid tags wouid enable customer track evaiuate employee safety danger application technology requires product hardware operate harsh potentiaily hazardous conditions gives vaiuable safety resources assets vital customer rfid aiso assist customer suppiy chain tracking oi gas chemica products extraction refining sale retail eve vinobie viewpoint previously stated applications valuable tool mining industry protective measure country natural resources commodities threat preservation fueis resources important safety u industry economy company beiieves offering service technology application oi gas petrochemica industry position vinobie rapidiy expanding industry taking advantage access increasing capital giobal spending company wi require growth company goa also provide much needed service cost manageable even smaliest businesses afford without safety personnel assets current state constant threat outstanding news growth potential company exceptiona already hot industry vnbl ob stands truiy innovative pioneer see big things happening stock information within emai contains forward looking statements within meaning section securities act section b securities exchange act statements express invoive discussions respect predictions expectations beliefs plans projections objectives goals assumptions future events performance statements historica fact may forward ooking statements forward ooking statements based expectations estimates projections time statements made involve number risks uncertainties could cause actual results events differ materially presentiy anticipated forward ooking statements action may identified use words projects foresee expects anticipates estimates believes understands statements indicating certain actions may could might occur many micro cap stocks today company additional risk factors worth noting factors inciude limited operating history company advancing cash reiated parties sharehoider unsecured basis one vendor reiated party majority stockhoider suppiies ninety seven percent company raw materiais reiiance two customers fifty percent business numerous related party transactions need raise capital factors others fu spelied company sec fiiings urge read fiiings invest rocket stock report represent information contained message states materia facts omit materia fact necessary make statements therein misieading information provided within email pertaining investing stocks securities must understood information provided investment advice rocket stock report advises ail readers subscribers seek advice registered professional securities representative deciding trade stocks featured within email none material within report shail construed kind investment advice soiicitation many companies verge bankruptcy lose money investing stock pubiisher rocket stock report registered investment advisor subscribers view information herein ega tax accounting investment advice reference past performance companies specially seiected referenced based favorable performance companies would need perfect timing achieve results examples given assurance happening remember aiways past performance never indicative future resuits thorough due diiigence effort including review company fiiings completed prior investing compiiance securities act section b rocket stock report discioses receipt tweive thousand dollars third party gem inc officer director affiliate shareholder circulation report gem inc position stock se time without notice aware inherent conflict interest resulting compensation due fact paid advertisement conflicted ail factual information report gathered public sources including limited company websites sec fiiings company press reieases rocket stock report beiieves information reiiable make guarantee accuracy completeness use materia within email constitutes acceptance terms
"Subject: total return swap  hi , vince ,  please see attached the updated total return swap deals .  all the best !  li",0,total return swap hi vince please see attached updated total return swap deals best li
"Subject: career opportunity  dear mr . kaminski ,  ?  i will forward my resume . i am looking for a trading position . i have three  years of market - making experience in illiquid markets , which i beleive is  highly relevant . but it seems now that getting out of my contract is not an  alternative anymore . ? i learned yesterday that my firm finally decided to  grant me what i wanted . . . a new desk . sometimes i feel that when you become  a trader you come to trade everything , including your career .  ?  ? i thank you for your time and consideration .  ?  pierre  ?  ?",0,career opportunity dear mr kaminski forward resume looking trading position three years market making experience illiquid markets beleive highly relevant seems getting contract alternative anymore learned yesterday firm finally decided grant wanted new desk sometimes feel become trader come trade everything including career thank time consideration pierre
"Subject: re : summer internship  thanks dr . kaminski ,  i forgot that : - )  i ' ll understand it as  i may identify work that i think will be  beneficial to both of us .  actually ,  i have more ideas on the work , beyond the suggestion .  i ' ll work on it and send it in more formal way again .  ( i mean , work list , schedule , deliverables etc )  i ' ll take steps to get work permit for those two months .  and please tell me know what you can support  and what i should start to do to find a place to stay ,  rent a car etc .  warm regards ,  jinbaek  ps . and thanks for forwarding the message .  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' "" ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on thu , 22 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > jinbaek ,  >  > the answer to the lst question is yes .  > the project list is fine with me and is still valid . we are an organization  > driven by the needs of our internal customers .  >  > i shall froward your message to the person in ebs .  > hopefully , we shall get a positive response .  >  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > jinbaek kim on 03 / 15 / 2001 01 : 12 : 32 am  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : summer internship  >  >  > dr . kaminski ,  >  > sorry for the late response ,  > it took me some time to coordinate things .  > finally , it ' s almost dont : - )  > it turned out that from june to august  > will be best for me for work at enron  > ( say june . 4 to august . 4 )  >  > but i still need to know several things from your side .  > could you answer following questions ?  >  > first :  > is my suggested working period is ok with you ?  > if so , let me know what to do for settlement  > during the period .  >  > second :  > i got a list of work , i might be able to do for  > dealbench team from ross and suresh .  > i ' d like to know it is still a valid work list :  > the list he sent is as following :  >  > > 1 . write a paper in layman ' s terms that answers  > > questions like the following :  > > benefits of auctioning online for both buyers and  > > sellers , particularly in reverse auctions  > > explanation how multi - variable auctions are not  > > as efficient as price - only auctions ( is this true ? )  > > how many participants are recommended for a  > > successful live auction  > > what types of goods and services are best suited  > > for live auctions versus sealed bid quotes  > > opinions on lotting strategies  > > trends in online private auctions  >  > > 2 . identify appropriate recent auction research ( 3  > > or 4 papers out of the 90 + you provided ) and obtain approvals from the  > > authors to post on our site  >  > > 3 . create a list / bibiliography of relevant auction  > > literature ( with hyperlinks ? )  >  > > 4 . would you be willing to offer auction consulting  > > services to our customers ( if they are interested )  >  > third :  > there is an e - procurement forum at haas school of business ,  > in may 22 . the chair of the forum is my advisor prof . arie segev .  > a person from wells fargo bank will talk about wells fargo ' s role  > in e - marketplace payment initiative ,  > where enron broadband services is also one of key players  > along with citibank .  > he asked me whether you can contact a person at  > enron broadband services , who ' s related to the initiative .  > he wants to know whether we will have a speaker from enron  > to see enron ' s perspective , in the forum .  >  > here is a link to news related to the initiative ,  >  > http : / / www . internetweek . com / story / inw 20000808 so 001  >  > fourth :  > my advisor wants to know whether  > there could be any opportunity to do a case study ,  > regarding enron ' s business .  > he is interested in e - procurement and e - marketplaces .  > business model and system architecture . . .  >  > thanks for reading this long email .  > i ' ll look forward to your answer . .  > i am sorry for giving you so much burden  > to answer those questions possibly not easy to answer .  >  > warm regards ,  > jinbaek  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > jinbaek kim  > ph . d candidate  > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > u . c . berkeley  > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  >  > go bears !  >  > : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > ` . ' "" ' ;  > ` . ' ;  > ` . ` : ` ;  > . ` . ; ; : ;  > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  >  >  > on mon , 5 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > >  > > jinbaek ,  > >  > > this is fine though you are welcome to spend more  > > time with us this summer .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 04 / 2001 03 : 45 : 40 pm  > >  > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > cc :  > > subject : re : summer internship  > >  > >  > > dr . kaminski ,  > >  > > thanks for your answer .  > > before i tell you the time frame ,  > > i ' ll need to talk with my advisor , first .  > > because here is an on - going - project .  > > i need to coordinate the schedule .  > >  > > i ' ll appreciate it if you understand my situation ,  > > and give me some time ( less than a week , of course ) .  > >  > > for your reference ,  > > probably  > > the dates i ' d like to ask you will be  > > from mid - may to mid - july ( 2 months )  > >  > > warm regards ,  > > jinbaek  > >  > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > > jinbaek kim  > > ph . d candidate  > > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > > u . c . berkeley  > > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  > >  > > go bears !  > >  > > : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  > > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > > ` . ' "" ' ;  > > ` . ' ;  > > ` . ` : ` ;  > > . ` . ; ; : ;  > > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  > >  > >  > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > >  > > >  > > > jinbaek ,  > > >  > > > you can coordinate the details with me .  > > > let me know what the time frame is for you  > > > and we shall send you an appropriate offer .  > > >  > > > vince  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm  > > >  > > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > > cc :  > > > subject : re : summer internship  > > >  > > >  > > > dr . kaminski ,  > > >  > > > thank you very much .  > > > of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity  > > > to work at such a wonderful company .  > > > i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team ,  > > > and was going to express my appreciation to you again  > > > after settling down process with them .  > > >  > > > for the period of working ,  > > > i still need to coordinate with my advisor and  > > > may need to adjust according to that .  > > > but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly .  > > >  > > > please let me know whether i should keep contacting  > > > with deal bench team ,  > > > for working period and  > > > for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc .  > > >  > > > i appreciate you so much again ,  > > > for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity .  > > > all this opportunity will not be available to me ,  > > > without your kind help .  > > >  > > > warm regards ,  > > > jinbaek  > > >  > > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > > > jinbaek kim  > > > ph . d candidate  > > > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > > > u . c . berkeley  > > > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  > > >  > > > go bears !  > > >  > > > : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > > > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > > > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  > > > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > > > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > > > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > > > ` . ' "" ' ;  > > > ` . ' ;  > > > ` . ` : ` ;  > > > . ` . ; ; : ;  > > > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > > > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > > > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > > > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > > > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  > > >  > > >  > > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > > >  > > > > hello ,  > > > >  > > > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  > > > > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship .  > > > >  > > > > please , let me know if you are interested .  > > > >  > > > > vince kaminski  > > > >  > > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,summer internship thanks dr kaminski forgot understand may identify work think beneficial us actually ideas work beyond suggestion work send formal way mean work list schedule deliverables etc take steps get work permit two months please tell know support start find place stay rent car etc warm regards jinbaek ps thanks forwarding message jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears thu mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote jinbaek answer lst question yes project list fine still valid organization driven needs internal customers shall froward message person ebs hopefully shall get positive response vince jinbaek kim vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski sorry late response took time coordinate things finally almost dont turned june august best work enron say june august still need know several things side could answer following questions first suggested working period ok let know settlement period second got list work might able dealbench team ross suresh like know still valid work list list sent following write paper layman terms answers questions like following benefits auctioning online buyers sellers particularly reverse auctions explanation multi variable auctions efficient price auctions true many participants recommended successful live auction types goods services best suited live auctions versus sealed bid quotes opinions lotting strategies trends online private auctions identify appropriate recent auction research papers provided obtain approvals authors post site create list bibiliography relevant auction literature hyperlinks would willing offer auction consulting services customers interested third e procurement forum haas school business may chair forum advisor prof arie segev person wells fargo bank talk wells fargo role e marketplace payment initiative enron broadband services also one key players along citibank asked whether contact person enron broadband services related initiative wants know whether speaker enron see enron perspective forum link news related initiative http www internetweek com story inw fourth advisor wants know whether could opportunity case study regarding enron business interested e procurement e marketplaces business model system architecture thanks reading long email look forward answer sorry giving much burden answer questions possibly easy answer warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears mon mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote jinbaek fine though welcome spend time us summer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thanks answer tell time frame need talk advisor first going project need coordinate schedule appreciate understand situation give time less week course reference probably dates like ask mid may mid july months warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote jinbaek coordinate details let know time frame shall send appropriate offer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thank much course happy opportunity work wonderful company contacting surech raghavan deal bench team going express appreciation settling process period working still need coordinate advisor may need adjust according anyway try coordinate smoothly please let know whether keep contacting deal bench team working period misc living support finding place rent car etc appreciate much arranging meetings giving opportunity opportunity available without kind help warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote hello sorry delay getting back would like much offer summer internship please let know interested vince kaminski
"Subject: contact details  dear mr . kaminski  it was good talking to you and i would like to thank you for your  interest in riskcare and willow . as discussed , i will contact you feb 1  to arrange a meeting . in the meantime please don ' t hesitate to contact  me if you have any further questions .  regards  manuel  manuel rensink  riskcare limited  piercy house  7 copthall avenue  london ec 2 r 7 nj  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 207 562 3414  email : mrensink @ riskcare . com  http : / / www . riskcare . com",0,contact details dear mr kaminski good talking would like thank interest riskcare willow discussed contact feb arrange meeting meantime please hesitate contact questions regards manuel manuel rensink riskcare limited piercy house copthall avenue london ec r nj tel email mrensink riskcare com http www riskcare com
"Subject: re : rice course  thank you , see you this evening .  dennis loughridge  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > to :  > subject : re : rice course  > date : wed , 28 feb 2001 17 : 36 : 59 - 0600  >  >  > dennis ,  >  > no problem .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" dennis w . loughridge "" on 02 / 28 / 2001  > 04 : 24 : 35 pm  >  > please respond to  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : rice course  >  >  > vince  > i am an adjunct professor at rice , working with wil uecker in executive  > education . with your concurence , i would like to sit in your energy  > derivatives course . i understand from wil that there are 38 students  > registered for the course . if you consent , would you let me know what  > material i need .  > thank you ,  > dennis w . loughridge  > 713 - 348 - 2812  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com",0,rice course thank see evening dennis loughridge vince j kaminski enron com subject rice course date wed feb dennis problem vince dennis w loughridge pm please respond cc subject rice course vince adjunct professor rice working wil uecker executive education concurence would like sit energy derivatives course understand wil students registered course consent would let know material need thank dennis w loughridge get free download msn explorer http explorer msn com
"Subject: dg energy software  vince ,  here is my edited version of the software license agreement . can you read  it once before i forward it for internal approval ? i specified that the  $ 100 , 000 covers a single user perpetural license , access to source after  one year , and covers maintenance and support for one year .  any suggestions ?  - - stinson",0,dg energy software vince edited version software license agreement read forward internal approval specified covers single user perpetural license access source one year covers maintenance support one year suggestions stinson
"Subject: re : internship  shane :  sorry , i have been on vacation . i just returned today .  could you please send me a copy of your resume by email ?  i have tentatively scheduled the following interviews :  8 : 30 am vince kaminski  9 : 00 am p . v . krishnarao  9 : 30 am stinson gibner  10 : 00 am tanya tamarchenko  10 : 30 am paulo issler  11 : 00 am zimin lu  11 : 30 am human resources  you should be free to return to baton rouge by 1 : 00 pm .  if this schedule is not ok , please let me know .  thanks !  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  adminitrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  "" shane green "" on 07 / 06 / 2000 10 : 05 : 13 am  to :  cc :  subject : internship  ms . crenshaw ,  ?  i just wanted to touch base and see if you had any information concerning my  visit to enron on monday . ? i will be in my office at lsu for the rest of ? the  day with a couple exceptions . ? i teach corporate finance from 2 : 30 - 3 : 30 , ? and  will ? go to lunch at around 1 . ? you can contact me here at ( 225 ) 388 - 6335 . ?  if this is not convenient , you can send me an e - mail , or leave a message on  my home phone at ( 225 ) 744 - 3201 , and i can get in ? touch with you tomorrow .  ?  thanks ,  shane green",0,internship shane sorry vacation returned today could please send copy resume email tentatively scheduled following interviews vince kaminski p v krishnarao stinson gibner tanya tamarchenko paulo issler zimin lu human resources free return baton rouge pm schedule ok please let know thanks regards shirley crenshaw adminitrative coordinator enron corp research email shirley crenshaw enron com shane green cc subject internship ms crenshaw wanted touch base see information concerning visit enron monday office lsu rest day couple exceptions teach corporate finance go lunch around contact convenient send e mail leave message home phone get touch tomorrow thanks shane green
"Subject: re : interview with the enron research group - reply - reply  mark :  good to hear from you ! i think it is a good idea for you to talk to maureen  raymond - castaneda , enron ' s chief economist or dr . vince kaminski ,  managing director and head of research . unfortunately both are out  of the office at present . maureen will return on monday , the 23 rd and  vince will return on wednesday , the 25 th .  if you will be available for a telephone call on wednesday , the 25 th ,  please let me know when and the telephone number and i will arrange  the telephone interview .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290  mark . giancola @ do . treas . gov on 10 / 20 / 2000 01 : 57 : 40 pm  to : mark . giancola @ do . treas . gov , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : interview with the enron research group - reply - reply  date : 10 / 20 / 2000 02 : 54 pm ( friday )  from : mark giancola  to : ex . mail ( "" shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com "" , "" mark . giancola "" )  subject : re : interview with the enron research group - reply - reply  shriley :  i ' m terribly sorry it ' s taking me so long to get back to you . because i am  moving to a new office after my trip next week it is difficult to make  definite plans . looking at my schedule now i would suggest tentatively  that i could come on friday november 3 . again , i would like to reconfirm  with you after i return from montreal a week from now .  i would also be interested in having a phone conversation with someone  who can tell me in a bit more detail about enron ' s research group and this  particular position . that would be very helpful in preparing to come to  houston . please let me know if this is feasible .  thanks for your patience .  mark giancola  > > > ex . mail . "" shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com "" 10 / 13 / 00 10 : 09 am > > >  mark :  while we are anxious to fill this position , we certainly understand  scheduling  conflicts ! please let us know as soon as you have a definate time .  dr . kaminski will be out of the office the next two weeks also . maybe  the  week  of the 30 th or the 6 th of november ?  look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  mark . giancola @ do . treas . gov on 10 / 13 / 2000 08 : 47 : 57 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : interview with the enron research group - reply  date : 10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 42 am ( friday )  from : mark giancola  to : ex . mail ( "" shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com "" )  subject : interview with the enron research group - reply  thanks for your message . our e - mail system was down all day  yesterday so i was not able to respond until today .  i am very interested in coming in for an interview . unfortunately , my  schedule will make traveling on a weekday difficult for at least the next  two weeks . i am travelling as part of the us delegation to the g - 20 on  the 24 th and 25 th and will be busy until then in preparation . immediately  following that trip i will be moving to a new office here in treasury and  am not sure about my schedule .  i would like to wait until next week when i have a better idea of my  schedule to propose times to come to houston . please let me know if  there are time constraints on your side .  thanks ,  mark giancola  > > > ex . mail . "" shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com "" 10 / 12 / 00 09 : 06 am > > >  good morning mr . giancola :  your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski , managing director and  head of research with enron .  we would like to bring you in for an informal interview at your  convenience .  this would be for a position of "" economist "" or "" associate economist "" ,  reporting to maureen raymond castaneda .  please give me some dates and times that would be convenient with you  and i will have our hr rep contact you to schedule your coming to  houston .  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290",0,interview enron research group reply reply mark good hear think good idea talk maureen raymond castaneda enron chief economist dr vince kaminski managing director head research unfortunately office present maureen return monday rd vince return wednesday th available telephone call wednesday th please let know telephone number arrange telephone interview regards shirley crenshaw mark giancola treas gov pm mark giancola treas gov shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject interview enron research group reply reply date pm friday mark giancola ex mail shirley crenshaw enron com mark giancola subject interview enron research group reply reply shriley terribly sorry taking long get back moving new office trip next week difficult make definite plans looking schedule would suggest tentatively could come friday november would like reconfirm return montreal week would also interested phone conversation someone tell bit detail enron research group particular position would helpful preparing come houston please let know feasible thanks patience mark giancola ex mail shirley crenshaw enron com mark anxious fill position certainly understand scheduling conflicts please let us know soon definate time dr kaminski office next two weeks also maybe week th th november look forward hearing sincerely shirley crenshaw mark giancola treas gov shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject interview enron research group reply date friday mark giancola ex mail shirley crenshaw enron com subject interview enron research group reply thanks message e mail system day yesterday able respond today interested coming interview unfortunately schedule make traveling weekday difficult least next two weeks travelling part us delegation g th th busy preparation immediately following trip moving new office treasury sure schedule would like wait next week better idea schedule propose times come houston please let know time constraints side thanks mark giancola ex mail shirley crenshaw enron com good morning mr giancola resume forwarded vince kaminski managing director head research enron would like bring informal interview convenience would position economist associate economist reporting maureen raymond castaneda please give dates times would convenient hr rep contact schedule coming houston look forward hearing sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group
"Subject: re : for your approval  erica ,  yes , no problem .  vince  information risk management  12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 50 am  to : gary taylor / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : for your approval  please let me know if he is approved .  thanks ,  erica garcia  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on  12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  security resource request system  directory line item pending access processing  directory name : o : \ weather derivatives \ , o : \ research \ common  service type : grant  expiration date :  comments :  security processing  processing status :  e - mail message :  comments / justification :  general information request : jhrc - 4 rkjjz  requested by : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect phone : 33914  requested for : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect employee type :  company : 0011 rc # : 100038  priority : high  comments / justification : i have a test windows 2000 machine running ( with  userid t _ weatherol , for which i need access to o : \ research \ common and  o : \ weather derivatives \  editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown )  edit # past authors edit dates  1 information risk management 11 / 30 / 2000 12 : 30 : 19 pm",0,approval erica yes problem vince information risk management gary taylor hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject approval please let know approved thanks erica garcia forwarded information risk management hou ect security resource request system directory line item pending access processing directory name weather derivatives research common service type grant expiration date comments security processing processing status e mail message comments justification general information request jhrc rkjjz requested joseph hrgovcic hou ect phone requested joseph hrgovcic hou ect employee type company rc priority high comments justification test windows machine running userid weatherol need access research common weather derivatives editing history last five shown edit past authors edit dates information risk management pm
"Subject: option hedging for ees  eugene ,  bob and i had a discussion about your question you raised yesterday .  for an option writer , he has the obligation to deliver , so he hedges it with  the underlying by adjesting delta positions . the hedging cost , theoretically ,  should be equal to the fair value of the option premium .  on the other hand , for the option holder , he has no obligation , by delta  heging ,  he would pay double for the option , with no upside . so he should not hedge  it at all .  if the option holder wants to protect the time value of the option , he should  sell  the option to the market or some equivalent options to create a theta - neutral  portfolio .  this may require trading in both the orginal and the equivalent option  underlyings .  our question to you , if the call options you mentioned are embedded in the  ees  contracts , say fixed price sale contracts , what makes it possible to just  separate those options  and sell them to the market to retain the full values of the options ? we  conjecture that these  options are meant to hedge the original contract . by selling those options  you eliminate the upside of the  original contract .  give one of us a call if you want to discuss this further .  zimin",0,option hedging ees eugene bob discussion question raised yesterday option writer obligation deliver hedges underlying adjesting delta positions hedging cost theoretically equal fair value option premium hand option holder obligation delta heging would pay double option upside hedge option holder wants protect time value option sell option market equivalent options create theta neutral portfolio may require trading orginal equivalent option underlyings question call options mentioned embedded ees contracts say fixed price sale contracts makes possible separate options sell market retain full values options conjecture options meant hedge original contract selling options eliminate upside original contract give one us call want discuss zimin
"Subject: re : summer associate mentor  hello ,  this is regarding my mentee . i talked to him today . giuseppe did not receive  the invitation to the thursday  reception .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 20 / 2000  02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  06 / 12 / 2000 08 : 29 am  to : ginger b gamble / hou / ect @ ect  cc : cheryl kuehl / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : summer associate mentor  ginger however , we encourage you  to contact guiseppe prior to the reception if possible .  please rsvp your attendance to cheryl kuehl at x 39804 or by email .  thank you  charlene jackson",0,summer associate mentor hello regarding mentee talked today giuseppe receive invitation thursday reception vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski ginger b gamble hou ect ect cc cheryl kuehl corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject summer associate mentor ginger however encourage contact guiseppe prior reception possible please rsvp attendance cheryl kuehl x email thank charlene jackson
Subject: 3 - d seismic data and oil trading  a brief summary of the research evaluation of siesmic data financial impact  on oil trading is attached for transmittal to the client ( rich reichart ) .  our conclusion is negative .  bob,0,seismic data oil trading brief summary research evaluation siesmic data financial impact oil trading attached transmittal client rich reichart conclusion negative bob
"Subject: great idea for you byrdshot  mortgage rates are about to rise  cash in now !  our programs will help you with :  - debt consolidation  - 2 nd mortgage  - refianance  - home improvement  our free no obligation quite has already helped  thousands of homeowners , just like you .  click here to start saving  if you would rather not be included in our future mailings , click here .",1,great idea byrdshot mortgage rates rise cash programs help debt consolidation nd mortgage refianance home improvement free obligation quite already helped thousands homeowners like click start saving would rather included future mailings click
"Subject: re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  thanks for the note and i enjoyed seeing you the other night . we are working  with jeff ' s assistant on the date . it looks like it may be possible but  there are a few conflicts to dodge . we will be in touch soon . thanks  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 09 / 20 / 2000 11 : 12 : 46 am  to : rcausey @ enron . com , vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  rick / vince ,  good morning .  in my 9 / 14 e - mail , i advised you of the practitioner - industry cefer ( center  for energy finance education and research ) conference we are planning for  spring 2001 . as you know , we would like to invite jeff skilling to be the  keynote speaker at the thur . evening dinner . the following day ' s four  topics consist of risk management , deregulation , real options , and  international / globalization . the majority of invitees would be  ( predominantly u . s . - based ) energy - industry practitioners , as well as  several academics .  given lead time issues in these matters , we have reserved hotel rooms in  austin for feb . 22 , 2001 . could i ask you to ascertain jeff skilling ' s  availability for that evening ?  thanks ,  ehud ronn  ehud i . ronn  professor of finance and jack s . josey professor in energy studies  director , center for energy finance education and research  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,spring conference participation jeffrey k skilling thanks note enjoyed seeing night working jeff assistant date looks like may possible conflicts dodge touch soon thanks ehud ronn rcausey enron com vkamins enron com cc subject spring conference participation jeffrey k skilling rick vince good morning e mail advised practitioner industry cefer center energy finance education research conference planning spring know would like invite jeff skilling keynote speaker thur evening dinner following day four topics consist risk management deregulation real options international globalization majority invitees would predominantly u based energy industry practitioners well several academics given lead time issues matters reserved hotel rooms austin feb could ask ascertain jeff skilling availability evening thanks ehud ronn ehud ronn professor finance jack josey professor energy studies director center energy finance education research mccombs school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: fw : fyi - more on truck s / d  vince :  i ' d like to send you some articles on the fleet card business .  if you have some time , i ' d like to discuss the meeting that we had with  comdata ( which has a 60 % market share of the fleet card business ) . they have  some live data that potentially could be very interesting ; however , i ' d like  to discuss it with you .  shawn  what a mess ! ( statistical data included )  john d . schulz  03 / 26 / 2001  traffic world  page 25  copyright 2001 gale group inc . all rights reserved . copyright 2001 journal of  commerce , inc .  truckers still waiting for signs of pent - up freight demand ; earnings  shortfalls , layoffs loom  if you are waiting for trucking to kick - start the nation ' s economic recovery ,  pull up a chair and wait awhile . trucking ceos say they haven ' t seen this  slow a first quarter in a decade .  "" perhaps the weakest first quarter for freight demand since swift became a  public company in 1990 , "" phoenix - based swift transportation chairman and ceo  jerry moyes said .  the first - quarter trucking mantra historically has been this : everybody loses  money in january , hopes for a break - even february and earns whatever profit  there is in the quarter in march . that formula may not hold this year .  gregory l . quesnel , president and ceo of con - way transportation services and  emery worldwide parent cnf inc . , said the current slowdown was first detected  late in the third quarter last year and has become "" more pronounced in each  successive quarter . "" march , he said , has been "" as disappointing as the first  two months this year . ""  layoffs already are occurring at the major ltl carriers . yellow freight  system has idled as many as 1 , 000 teamsters and hundreds of white - collar  back - office workers . most large carriers are warning of profit shortfalls  that will cause them to miss analysts ' first - quarter estimates . but there are  deeper fears , too . marginal players may be forced into bankruptcy . small ,  family - owned carriers may be unable to exit the industry on their own terms  because of the shocking decline in the value of used trucks that is causing  some companies to be valued at less than half their worth of just two years  ago .  swift ' s volume drop - off began with shipments originating on the west coast in  january and february and it is continuing in march , moyes said . coupled with  reduced demand from the southwest , moyes said swift will not meet analysts '  first - quarter earnings expectations . swift is not alone .  "" we hauled less freight in february than february a year ago , "" said bob  hammel , executive vice president of pittsburgh - based pitt ohio express , a  leading privately held eastern regional ltl carrier . "" the slowdown in  manufacturing began in the middle of last year and it was precipitous . nobody  anticipated the speed in which manufacturing demand fell off . ""  even con - way , the most profitable ltl operation in the past five years , said  it would have a decline in first - quarter operating income compared with the  year - ago period . con - way ' s tonnage declines were estimated in the  "" mid - single - digit "" percentage range .  roadway express estimated that its current tonnage levels are running 10 to  11 percent below those a year ago , which will result in an approximately  one - half of 1 percent ( 0 . 5 percent ) decline in its operating ratio . ( see  sidebar )  pat hanley , overnite transportation ' s senior vice president and chief  financial officer , said freight figures were flat in february year over year  but rose slightly in march . overnite is the exception to the ltl industry  with as many as 24 new terminals scheduled to be opened this year .  "" january was pretty good to us , but february was flat . it ' s coming back in  march . we ' re probably up in low single digits , 3 to 4 percent . we ' re picking  back up . the economy has hurt us . if you had asked us at the start of the  year , we ' d have said we ' d be up double - digits , "" hanley said .  the national economic picture is "" a big concern , "" hanley said . "" we ' re not  seeing pressure on prices , at least not so far . we ' re seeing customers ship  10 pallets a day instead of 20 . the shipment size is coming down . certainly  we ' re concerned . we ' ll do o . k . , but not as great as we ' d like . ""  forget consumer confidence surveys or the producer pricing index or whatever  stars align in federal reserve board chairman alan greenspan ' s world . the  genuine leading indicator of any national economic trend is trucking , which  is always a first - in , first - out industry in any economic slowdown .  to hear trucking industry leaders tell it , get comfortable with beans and  franks for dinner . it ' s going to be awhile before it ' s filet mignon time  again .  shippers see what ' s happening as well but say it ' s still too early in the  year for carriers to start cutting rates to fill empty trucks .  "" all the carriers we talk with report flat or slightly declining business  levels - - definitely slower than early last year , "" said bill huie , assistant  vice president of corporate transportation for nch corp . , irving , texas .  "" with a couple of exceptions , carriers we talk with have no plans for  expansion in the next few months . we are getting feelers about some possible  lane adjustments to boost revenue . but generally it appears a little early in  the economic downturn for much price movement . ""  the national ltl carriers are seeing the same things . "" our business is down  pretty substantially for the first quarter , "" said roger dick , spokesman for  yellow corp . , parent of yellow freight system and two large regional ltl  carriers , jevic transportation , delanco , n . j . , and saia motor freight ,  duluth , ga .  usfreightways corp . , citing what it called the nation ' s "" serious economic  slowdown , "" said it expects first - quarter earnings to fall "" very substantially  below "" current wall street consensus .  extreme weather conditions also contributed to the already weakened operating  environment , usf chairman , president and ceo samuel k . skinner added .  "" traditionally , the first quarter builds momentum slowly , with march being  the strongest month of the period , "" skinner said in a statement . "" this year ,  the economic slowdown of the fourth quarter of 2000 accelerated in january  and february , softening even the normal modest expectations for those two  months . ""  it ' s not just the ltl industry that ' s hurting . the morgan stanley dean witter  truckload freight index continues to show the worst demand - supply  relationship since analyst james j . valentine began tracking the data in  april 1994 . two events can cause weakness in the index , according to  valentine . they are either an abundance of excess trucks on the road or weak  freight demand .  "" so far in 2001 , we have seen the confluence of both factors , but the  fall - off in demand has far outpaced the increase in supply , "" valentine wrote  in his most recent "" trucking snapshot "" for early march .  year - to - date measurement for truckload demand is down 25 percent year over  year , according to valentine ' s index , while supply is up only 7 percent . that  would indicate the over capacity was a significant issue last year but was  "" masked by the strong economy , "" valentine says .  in a more ominous note , valentine believes overcapacity will continue to  plague the truckload industry for the next one to two years . only a  reaccelerating national economy can bring the demand - supply back in balance  for the truckload sector in the near term , valentine predicts .  the overproduction of new class 8 trucks from early 1998 through early last  year has put too many trucks on the roads and caused supply to back up at  manufacturers , wholesalers and other retailers . used trucks have lost on  average more than 30 percent of their value over the past 18 months .  anecdotally , one used truck dealer , music city truck & equipment , in  lavergne , tenn . , is holding a "" two - for - one "" sale on three - to five - year - old  class 8 freightliners . you can buy two for around $ 30 , 000 , less than a brand  new chevy suburban suv .  what that means is a trucker who bought a 1998 class 8 truck for $ 70 , 000 and  depreciated half the value over three years has a piece of equipment on the  books this year at $ 35 , 000 . but assuming it has lost 30 percent of that  value , it may only be worth $ 24 , 500 in actuality . for a carrier with a  100 - truck fleet , that equates to a loss of more than $ 1 million on assets .  the glut may last for a while , according to valentine ' s analysis . assuming a  three - year trade - in cycle , most of the class 8 tractors in the truckload  sector are just now rolling over to the used - truck market . that means that  overcapacity will plague the truckload industry for at least the next year .  that will result in some of the marginal carriers exiting the business , as  did nearly 1 , 900 carriers last year that either closed or declared  bankruptcy .  "" we can see from indexes , surveys and other information available to us that  it is unlikely there will be any significant improvement in march and freight  demands will continue to be soft throughout the month . based on all of these  factors , we expect usfreightways ' profits for the first quarter to be very  substantially less than published analysts ' forecasts , "" skinner said .  in addition , severe weather conditions including an earthquake in seattle ,  rainstorms in california and blizzards in the northeast have added cost and  decreased efficiencies , skinner added .  expectations at each of usf ' s operating companies have been affected , some  more than others . the ltl , logistics , reverse logistics and  freight - forwarding units are all showing decreased revenue and volume over a  similar period last year , skinner said .  further job cuts at usf worldwide , its freight forwarder , would be in the  offing as cost controls at the unit would be "" accelerated "" in the wake of the  softening economy , skinner said . late last year , skinner said the rebuilding  process at usf worldwide would be a two - year process . but the worsening  economy has made that rebuilding job harder , he said .  "" we are seeing evidence that the slowing economy is , in fact , further  impeding progress in this area , "" skinner said . "" during the fourth quarter of  2000 and continuing into the first quarter of 2001 , the company has taken  steps to increase cost efficiencies . among these actions are a substantial  cutback in capital spending and significant reductions in the labor force .  these cost - control efforts will be accelerated to partially counterbalance  the damaging impact of the current economic and weather conditions . ""  in the 2000 first quarter , usf posted $ 22 . 3 million net income , a 27 percent  rise from the $ 17 . 5 million earnings in the 1999 first quarter . at the time ,  that was usf ' s 15 th straight quarter - over - quarter earnings increase . it came  on $ 608 . 2 million revenue , an 18 . 5 percent rise in from the $ 513 . 2 million  revenue in the 1999 first quarter . analysts had been estimating usf to earn  about $ 3 . 50 a share earnings for 2001 , compared with actual $ 3 . 61 earnings  per share for all of last year . in the fourth quarter last year , usf earned  $ 23 . 7 million , or 91 cents a share .  trucking in a snapshot  market what ' s going on  msdw [ * ] truckload remains in record - low territory , indicating  freight index the worst demand - supply relationship since msdw  began tracking the date in april 1994 .  diesel prices diesel prices in the first quarter of 2001  have come down 6 % sequentially from 4 qo 0 . however ,  the average price for the quarter remains 6 %  above that of lqo 0 .  wti oil opec recently agreed to reduce supply by 5 % and  has stated a price objective of $ 25 per barrel .  capacity retail sales of class 8 tractors ( new trucks  entering the market ) came down in january , but  inventory ( trucks that will enter the market at some  point ) to sales ratio hit a new high of 3 . 4 months  gdp 4 qo 0 gdp increased 1 . 1 % and economists see u . s .  recession in 2001 with + 0 . 5 % and - 1 . 4 % gdp forecast  for lqol and 2 qol , respectively .  retail sales retail sales rose 0 . 7 % in january . while this  was better than forecast , the upside was likely  the result of excessive clearance sales after a  disappointing holiday season .  consumer the conference board ' s measure of consumer  confidence confidence fell again ( nine points ) in february  after registering the largest one - month decline  in 10 years in january ( 14 points ) .  napm the february napm rose slightly to 41 . 9 .  however , it still indicates a contracting  manufacturing sector .  leading the index of leading economic indicators  economic rose 0 . 8 % in january , while  indicator msdw had forecast a 0 . 6 % increase . this  represents the first rise in four months .  stock after a recent pullback , trucking stocks remain  perfonnance up year - to - date with tl stocks up 5 % , regional  ltl stocks up 9 % and national ltl stocks up 13 % .  investor for the week ended february 28 , mutual fund  outflows totaled $ 309 million , compared with  inflows of $ 2 billion in the prior week .  market implications  msdw [ * ] truckload negative for all tl carriers .  freight index  diesel prices the downward trend is positive for all  carriers , especially tl carriers , which have  greater exposure to fuel than ltl carriers .  wti oil negative for all carriers , as $ 25 per  barrel is still 25 % higher than the $ 20 per  barrel average since 1990 .  capacity negative for tl carriers , not a major  concern for ltl carriers , which measure  capacity by the number of terminals .  gdp negative for all carriers .  retail sales negative for both ti and ltl carriers .  consumer negative for all carriers  confidence  napm negative for all carriers .  leading positive for all carriers .  economic  indicator  stock positive , however , stocks could pull  perfonnance back further in the short term as  fundamentals catch up .  investor negative .  source : morgan stanley dean witter research",0,fw fyi truck vince like send articles fleet card business time like discuss meeting comdata market share fleet card business live data potentially could interesting however like discuss shawn mess statistical data included john schulz traffic world page copyright gale group inc rights reserved copyright journal commerce inc truckers still waiting signs pent freight demand earnings shortfalls layoffs loom waiting trucking kick start nation economic recovery pull chair wait awhile trucking ceos say seen slow first quarter decade perhaps weakest first quarter freight demand since swift became public company phoenix based swift transportation chairman ceo jerry moyes said first quarter trucking mantra historically everybody loses money january hopes break even february earns whatever profit quarter march formula may hold year gregory l quesnel president ceo con way transportation services emery worldwide parent cnf inc said current slowdown first detected late third quarter last year become pronounced successive quarter march said disappointing first two months year layoffs already occurring major ltl carriers yellow freight system idled many teamsters hundreds white collar back office workers large carriers warning profit shortfalls cause miss analysts first quarter estimates deeper fears marginal players may forced bankruptcy small family owned carriers may unable exit industry terms shocking decline value used trucks causing companies valued less half worth two years ago swift volume drop began shipments originating west coast january february continuing march moyes said coupled reduced demand southwest moyes said swift meet analysts first quarter earnings expectations swift alone hauled less freight february february year ago said bob hammel executive vice president pittsburgh based pitt ohio express leading privately held eastern regional ltl carrier slowdown manufacturing began middle last year precipitous nobody anticipated speed manufacturing demand fell even con way profitable ltl operation past five years said would decline first quarter operating income compared year ago period con way tonnage declines estimated mid single digit percentage range roadway express estimated current tonnage levels running percent year ago result approximately one half percent percent decline operating ratio see sidebar pat hanley overnite transportation senior vice president chief financial officer said freight figures flat february year year rose slightly march overnite exception ltl industry many new terminals scheduled opened year january pretty good us february flat coming back march probably low single digits percent picking back economy hurt us asked us start year said double digits hanley said national economic picture big concern hanley said seeing pressure prices least far seeing customers ship pallets day instead shipment size coming certainly concerned k great like forget consumer confidence surveys producer pricing index whatever stars align federal reserve board chairman alan greenspan world genuine leading indicator national economic trend trucking always first first industry economic slowdown hear trucking industry leaders tell get comfortable beans franks dinner going awhile filet mignon time shippers see happening well say still early year carriers start cutting rates fill empty trucks carriers talk report flat slightly declining business levels definitely slower early last year said bill huie assistant vice president corporate transportation nch corp irving texas couple exceptions carriers talk plans expansion next months getting feelers possible lane adjustments boost revenue generally appears little early economic downturn much price movement national ltl carriers seeing things business pretty substantially first quarter said roger dick spokesman yellow corp parent yellow freight system two large regional ltl carriers jevic transportation delanco n j saia motor freight duluth ga usfreightways corp citing called nation serious economic slowdown said expects first quarter earnings fall substantially current wall street consensus extreme weather conditions also contributed already weakened operating environment usf chairman president ceo samuel k skinner added traditionally first quarter builds momentum slowly march strongest month period skinner said statement year economic slowdown fourth quarter accelerated january february softening even normal modest expectations two months ltl industry hurting morgan stanley dean witter truckload freight index continues show worst demand supply relationship since analyst james j valentine began tracking data april two events cause weakness index according valentine either abundance excess trucks road weak freight demand far seen confluence factors fall demand far outpaced increase supply valentine wrote recent trucking snapshot early march year date measurement truckload demand percent year year according valentine index supply percent would indicate capacity significant issue last year masked strong economy valentine says ominous note valentine believes overcapacity continue plague truckload industry next one two years reaccelerating national economy bring demand supply back balance truckload sector near term valentine predicts overproduction new class trucks early early last year put many trucks roads caused supply back manufacturers wholesalers retailers used trucks lost average percent value past months anecdotally one used truck dealer music city truck equipment lavergne tenn holding two one sale three five year old class freightliners buy two around less brand new chevy suburban suv means trucker bought class truck depreciated half value three years piece equipment books year assuming lost percent value may worth actuality carrier truck fleet equates loss million assets glut may last according valentine analysis assuming three year trade cycle class tractors truckload sector rolling used truck market means overcapacity plague truckload industry least next year result marginal carriers exiting business nearly carriers last year either closed declared bankruptcy see indexes surveys information available us unlikely significant improvement march freight demands continue soft throughout month based factors expect usfreightways profits first quarter substantially less published analysts forecasts skinner said addition severe weather conditions including earthquake seattle rainstorms california blizzards northeast added cost decreased efficiencies skinner added expectations usf operating companies affected others ltl logistics reverse logistics freight forwarding units showing decreased revenue volume similar period last year skinner said job cuts usf worldwide freight forwarder would offing cost controls unit would accelerated wake softening economy skinner said late last year skinner said rebuilding process usf worldwide would two year process worsening economy made rebuilding job harder said seeing evidence slowing economy fact impeding progress area skinner said fourth quarter continuing first quarter company taken steps increase cost efficiencies among actions substantial cutback capital spending significant reductions labor force cost control efforts accelerated partially counterbalance damaging impact current economic weather conditions first quarter usf posted million net income percent rise million earnings first quarter time usf th straight quarter quarter earnings increase came million revenue percent rise million revenue first quarter analysts estimating usf earn share earnings compared actual earnings per share last year fourth quarter last year usf earned million cents share trucking snapshot market going msdw truckload remains record low territory indicating freight index worst demand supply relationship since msdw began tracking date april diesel prices diesel prices first quarter come sequentially qo however average price quarter remains lqo wti oil opec recently agreed reduce supply stated price objective per barrel capacity retail sales class tractors new trucks entering market came january inventory trucks enter market point sales ratio hit new high months gdp qo gdp increased economists see u recession gdp forecast lqol qol respectively retail sales retail sales rose january better forecast upside likely result excessive clearance sales disappointing holiday season consumer conference board measure consumer confidence confidence fell nine points february registering largest one month decline years january points napm february napm rose slightly however still indicates contracting manufacturing sector leading index leading economic indicators economic rose january indicator msdw forecast increase represents first rise four months stock recent pullback trucking stocks remain perfonnance year date tl stocks regional ltl stocks national ltl stocks investor week ended february mutual fund outflows totaled million compared inflows billion prior week market implications msdw truckload negative tl carriers freight index diesel prices downward trend positive carriers especially tl carriers greater exposure fuel ltl carriers wti oil negative carriers per barrel still higher per barrel average since capacity negative tl carriers major concern ltl carriers measure capacity number terminals gdp negative carriers retail sales negative ti ltl carriers consumer negative carriers confidence napm negative carriers leading positive carriers economic indicator stock positive however stocks could pull perfonnance back short term fundamentals catch investor negative source morgan stanley dean witter research
"Subject: re : houston visit  soussan ,  thanks for your message . it would be great to meet you when you come to  houston .  i shall be in town on december 7 , flying back from philly in the morning .  assuming that the flight is on schedule , i shall be available for dinner .  please , let me know how i can contact you on thursday , december the 7 th ,  to confirm .  look forward to meeting you .  vince  "" faiz , soussan "" on 11 / 26 / 2000 09 : 04 : 01 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : houston visit  dear vince ,  greetings from ny and hope that all is well and you had a great  thanksgiving . i ' ll be coming to houston for 12 / 6 - 12 / 7 and hope you are  available either evening for dinner . would be great to see you again and  catch up with the latest . . . i really enjoyed my visit last april , your  insights , and the risk book you gave me .  i do hope you ' re available to meet and pls let me know which evening suits  you better .  best ,  soussan faiz  texaco inc .  914 253 4187",0,houston visit soussan thanks message would great meet come houston shall town december flying back philly morning assuming flight schedule shall available dinner please let know contact thursday december th confirm look forward meeting vince faiz soussan pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject houston visit dear vince greetings ny hope well great thanksgiving coming houston hope available either evening dinner would great see catch latest really enjoyed visit last april insights risk book gave hope available meet pls let know evening suits better best soussan faiz texaco inc
"Subject: [ wm ] ( no subject )  dear our guests ,  explore turkey with astartetours ! !  hotel reservations :  you will find more than 200 hotels all over turkey , which have been carefully selected .  through our reservation system we are able to book more than 1 . 000 hotels arround europe .  tours  hosted programs , sightseeing tours , escorted tours or cruise programs .  we have tours on set dates each year or we can organize special itineraries for the independant traveller or small groups ! !  rent - a - car :  travelling on your own pace in turkey ! we have a range of vehicles on offer to choose from . they may be hired in all major cities .  your car can be made available at the airport or your hotel for collection ! !  visit our web - site ! !  www . astartetours . com  kind regards  astarte tours  p . s . : if you want to unsubscribe , please sent us an e - mail .  this sf . net email is sponsored by : get the new palm tungsten t  handheld . power & color in a compact size !  webmake - talk mailing list  webmake - talk @ lists . sourceforge . net ",1,wm subject dear guests explore turkey astartetours hotel reservations find hotels turkey carefully selected reservation system able book hotels arround europe tours hosted programs sightseeing tours escorted tours cruise programs tours set dates year organize special itineraries independant traveller small groups rent car travelling pace turkey range vehicles offer choose may hired major cities car made available airport hotel collection visit web site www astartetours com kind regards astarte tours p want unsubscribe please sent us e mail sf net email sponsored get new palm tungsten handheld power color compact size webmake talk mailing list webmake talk lists sourceforge net
"Subject: re : impending visit  vince :  would friday morning july 7 at 9 : 00 am work for you ? give me an email shout  if so . thanks .  dale nesbitt  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : june 28 , 2000 2 : 19 pm  to : dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : impending visit  dale ,  sorry for a delay in responding to your message .  i shall talk to the head of our b 2 b unit on friday this week and  shall remind him about your visit .  i hope he can make a decision at this time whether he is interested  in pursuing this opportunity  vince  "" dale nesbitt "" on 06 / 27 / 2000 11 : 26 : 05 pm  to : "" vincent kaminski "" , "" vince . j . kaminski ""  cc :  subject : impending visit  vince :  i sent you an email a couple of days ago to inquire if we might get  together  at your offices on july 5 or july 7 in houston to follow up our earlier  discussions . i notice i have two email addresses for you , so i am sending  this to both . i am not sure the earlier transmission got to you .  would you be available the afternoon of the 5 th or the morning of the 7 th  to  continue our earlier discussions ? give me an email or phone shout at  650 . 218 . 3069 .  thanks  dale nesbitt",0,impending visit vince would friday morning july work give email shout thanks dale nesbitt original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent june pm dale nesbitt marketpointinc com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject impending visit dale sorry delay responding message shall talk head b b unit friday week shall remind visit hope make decision time whether interested pursuing opportunity vince dale nesbitt pm vincent kaminski vince j kaminski cc subject impending visit vince sent email couple days ago inquire might get together offices july july houston follow earlier discussions notice two email addresses sending sure earlier transmission got would available afternoon th morning th continue earlier discussions give email phone shout thanks dale nesbitt
"Subject: re : mathworks  molly ,  i met lou in the building lobby last wednesday and he suggested that he  ( or his representatives ) join the mathworks presentation to my group ) .  it ' s a good software package for mathematical modeling ,  but there is a limit to the number of different installations any group  can productively use .  i shall take a look at some new features they offer  and decide whether it ' s worth the effort .  vince kaminski  lou casari @ enron communications  09 / 20 / 2000 02 : 10 pm  sent by : molly carnes @ enron communications  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : mathworks  do you know this person or this company ? they are want to set an appointment  with ebs and i believe , are wanting to meet with you , also . any feedback ?  thanks .  molly carnes for lou casari  enron broadband services  713 - 853 - 1467 , room eb 4486 a  molly _ carnes @ enron . net  - - - - - forwarded by molly carnes / enron communications on 09 / 20 / 00 02 : 09 pm  - - - - -  scottw @ mathworks . com  09 / 20 / 00 08 : 46 am  to : lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : we ' ll be in houston  hello mr . casari :  myself and our energy trading financial team will be visiting with the r & d  group at enron the week of 10 / 16 / 00 . they have several applications can be  dramatically improved with our tools .  we are very interested to understand the bandwidth trading market , to see  if any additional challanges can be overcome with our tools .  i would like to understand your challanges of modeling , simulating and  deploying applications to control risk .  are you available to discuss these items prior to our visit ?  i look forward to hearing from you .  thanks  scott wakefield",0,mathworks molly met lou building lobby last wednesday suggested representatives join mathworks presentation group good software package mathematical modeling limit number different installations group productively use shall take look new features offer decide whether worth effort vince kaminski lou casari enron communications pm sent molly carnes enron communications vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject mathworks know person company want set appointment ebs believe wanting meet also feedback thanks molly carnes lou casari enron broadband services room eb molly carnes enron net forwarded molly carnes enron communications pm scottw mathworks com lou casari enron communications enron communications cc subject houston hello mr casari energy trading financial team visiting r group enron week several applications dramatically improved tools interested understand bandwidth trading market see additional challanges overcome tools would like understand challanges modeling simulating deploying applications control risk available discuss items prior visit look forward hearing thanks scott wakefield
"Subject: vov . gget luxurious rolexes at the greatestprices .  cut the expenses on all the goods from rolexes , cartiers , bvlgaries ,  frankmullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaeger - lecoultre , brietilings ,  tagheuers and tudors . they lo 0 k perfect to even the most choosy customerss .  you will be convinced by their fabulous lo 0 ks .  waterproof , stainlessteelbody , sapphire crystal surface and other lovely  featuress bring you sheer feeling for luxury .  our lovvprice is also one key fea - ture you should consider .  every fea - ture the prototype has , our goods have them as well . cchoose the  ones that are waterproof with hack mechanism .  http : / / qbdy . ok . yoyoforsheerjoy . com / 3 pe /  luv durable luxuries ? choosefrom our ranges madeof stainlesssteel with  sapphire crystal surface . prefer battery & quartz , winding but my sister makes nothing of it ;  shion wi 1 th the tassels thrown down on 7 his head . in time m y eyes  gradu",1,vov gget luxurious rolexes greatestprices cut expenses goods rolexes cartiers bvlgaries frankmullers harry winstons breguets jaeger lecoultre brietilings tagheuers tudors lo k perfect even choosy customerss convinced fabulous lo ks waterproof stainlessteelbody sapphire crystal surface lovely featuress bring sheer feeling luxury lovvprice also one key fea ture consider every fea ture prototype goods well cchoose ones waterproof hack mechanism http qbdy ok yoyoforsheerjoy com pe luv durable luxuries choosefrom ranges madeof stainlesssteel sapphire crystal surface prefer battery quartz winding sister makes nothing shion wi th tassels thrown head time eyes gradu
"Subject: contract summaries  attached are the contract summaries for elba island term sheet , the heogh  galleon and exmar charter parties and the option contract on the 3 rd and 4 th  vessel .  i hope to finish summaries on eco - electrica and jose soon .",0,contract summaries attached contract summaries elba island term sheet heogh galleon exmar charter parties option contract rd th vessel hope finish summaries eco electrica jose soon
"Subject: re : weather course  vince ,  i ' ve distributed the info on the course . gary taylor , the head of marketing  said that there were perhaps two people he ' d like to send , and he thought  that the teachers would be able to benefit from having people from the  weather derivatives desk in attendance , but that the price of $ 1100 a person  was too steep . gary ( being the head of marketing that he is ) would like to  see if there would be some special deal that could be arranged for people  from the weather desk , but he doesn ' t want to cross the line .  joe  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  - 86256517 - 749759 @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , february 19 , 2001 7 : 17 pm  to : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ enron  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : re : weather course  joe ,  this is the most recent offer from lacima  ( weather derivatives course ) . what do you think ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 19 / 2001  07 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" julie "" on 02 / 19 / 2001 03 : 19 : 45 pm  please respond to "" julie ""  to : "" vincejkaminski ""  cc :  subject : re : weather course  vince ,  enron is fine ( although i think we have to pay for the hyatt anyway ) .  good discount ( i have a feeling that my idea of a good discount and the  weather desk ' s idea is probably different ? ) : for the one day , $ 1100 per  person . if you think that there will be around 10 people or more , then we  can offer a day rate , regardless of the number of people .  thanks vince  julie  ps - of course when i announced that we were cancelling , people started  responding that they wished to attend . ugh !  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com >  to : julie >  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com >  sent : friday , february 16 , 2001 4 : 05 pm  subject : re : weather course  julie ,  enron location makes more sense . no reason to pay for the hotel .  also , i think that one day makes more sense .  i contacted the weather desk about including other people at the training  course . i think that they would be interested if they got a good discount .  vince  "" julie "" > > on  02 / 16 / 2001 09 : 39 : 37 am  please respond to "" julie "" > >  to : > >  cc :  subject : re : weather course  vince ,  great . just to let you know , we decided not to wait on the indecisive  ones , and postponed the open course . it ' s yours , whatever you want : 1  day ( specific to what you feel will be of the most benefit ) , 2 days , hyatt  or enron , or not at all . i hope this doesn ' t cause problems for you .  special deal , for sure . i owe my godfather .  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com >  to : julie  cc : joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com >  sent : thursday , february 15 , 2001 3 : 16 pm  subject : re : weather course  julie ,  that ' s definitely an option .  we can provide the room . maybe we can cut with you a special deal for  enron  and increase the # of people attending . i am forwarding your message to  our weather desk .  vince  joe ,  what do you think about it ?  vince  "" julie "" > >  on 02 / 15 / 2001 08 : 20 : 24 am  please respond to "" julie "" > >  to : "" vincejkaminski "" > >  cc :  subject : weather course  vince ,  we just wanted to let you know that we only have 3 people signed up for  the  weather derivatives course ( all from enron ) so far . we have a couple more  that have expressed strong interest , but we are awaiting their final  decision . if no one else signs up , chris and les thought that you guys  could probably get through the first day pretty easily , and thus thought  it  may be an option to teach just the 2 nd day material ( pricing ) only at  enron  ( doing it at the hyatt is an option as well but the room might be on the  large side ) ? we would obviously reimburse you for the day not taught . we  can teach both days as well , but thought you may want to save some time .  i just wanted to give you some time to think about it . we will know where  we stand on final numbers by next wednesday .  julie",0,weather course vince distributed info course gary taylor head marketing said perhaps two people like send thought teachers would able benefit people weather derivatives desk attendance price person steep gary head marketing would like see would special deal could arranged people weather desk want cross line joe original message kaminski vince enron com sent monday february pm joseph hrgovcic hou ect enron cc kaminski vince subject weather course joe recent offer lacima weather derivatives course think vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm julie pm please respond julie vincejkaminski cc subject weather course vince enron fine although think pay hyatt anyway good discount feeling idea good discount weather desk idea probably different one day per person think around people offer day rate regardless number people thanks vince julie ps course announced cancelling people started responding wished attend ugh original message vince j kaminski enron com julie cc vince j kaminski enron com sent friday february pm subject weather course julie enron location makes sense reason pay hotel also think one day makes sense contacted weather desk including people training course think would interested got good discount vince julie please respond julie cc subject weather course vince great let know decided wait indecisive ones postponed open course whatever want day specific feel benefit days hyatt enron hope cause problems special deal sure owe godfather julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie cc joseph hrgovcic enron com sent thursday february pm subject weather course julie definitely option provide room maybe cut special deal enron increase people attending forwarding message weather desk vince joe think vince julie please respond julie vincejkaminski cc subject weather course vince wanted let know people signed weather derivatives course enron far couple expressed strong interest awaiting final decision one else signs chris les thought guys could probably get first day pretty easily thus thought may option teach nd day material pricing enron hyatt option well room might large side would obviously reimburse day taught teach days well thought may want save time wanted give time think know stand final numbers next wednesday julie
"Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) .  your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation  is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com  and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin  providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms  completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please contact the pep help desk at :  houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4  london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4  email : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a  status of "" open . "" once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request  for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list .  review group : enron  feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  andrews , naveen c rudi c zipter oct 31 , 2000  baxter , ashley david davies nov 02 , 2000  campos , hector o peyton s gibner nov 06 , 2000  carson , richard l richard b buy oct 30 , 2000  crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct 26 , 2000  gandy , kristin h celeste c roberts nov 01 , 2000  gorny , vladimir theodore r murphy ii nov 02 , 2000  hewitt , kirstee l steven leppard nov 06 , 2000  kindall , kevin vasant shanbhogue oct 30 , 2000  lamas vieira pinto , rodrigo david port oct 31 , 2000  raymond , maureen j wincenty j kaminski nov 02 , 2000  rosen , michael b christie a patrick nov 06 , 2000  sun , li kevin kindall nov 09 , 2000  supatgiat , chonawee peyton s gibner oct 27 , 2000  tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000  villarreal , norma e sheila h walton oct 26 , 2000  walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000  williams , matthew steven leppard nov 08 , 2000  yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000  yuan , ding richard l carson oct 31 , 2000",0,year end performance feedback note receive message time selected reviewer selected participate year end performance management process providing meaningful feedback specific employee feedback plays important role process participation critical success enron performance management goals complete requests feedback access pep http pep corp enron com select perform review performance review services may begin providing feedback immediately requested feedback forms completed friday november questions regarding pep responsibility process please contact pep help desk houston option london option email perfmgmt enron com thank participation important process following cumulative list employee feedback requests status open submitted declined employee request feedback name longer appear list review group enron feedback due date nov employee name supervisor name date selected andrews naveen c rudi c zipter oct baxter ashley david davies nov campos hector peyton gibner nov carson richard l richard b buy oct crenshaw shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct gandy kristin h celeste c roberts nov gorny vladimir theodore r murphy ii nov hewitt kirstee l steven leppard nov kindall kevin vasant shanbhogue oct lamas vieira pinto rodrigo david port oct raymond maureen j wincenty j kaminski nov rosen michael b christie patrick nov sun li kevin kindall nov supatgiat chonawee peyton gibner oct tamarchenko tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct villarreal norma e sheila h walton oct walton sheila h david oxley oct williams matthew steven leppard nov yaman sevil vasant shanbhogue oct yuan ding richard l carson oct
"Subject: peace tree designs : creating extraordinary art for ordinary items !  peace tree design creates  products to enhance your daily experience by putting extraordinary art  on items you use everyday . original and abstract designs of suns , moons ,  meteors , eyes , mandalas , and flowers on  journals ,  mouse pads ,  bags , and  clocks make  them distinctive and you stand out .  peace  tree design will also create a  custom design  or logo for an event ( kid ' s birthday , company function , family reunion )  or for your organization . ",1,peace tree designs creating extraordinary art ordinary items peace tree design creates products enhance daily experience putting extraordinary art items use everyday original abstract designs suns moons meteors eyes mandalas flowers journals mouse pads bags clocks make distinctive stand peace tree design also create custom design logo event kid birthday company function family reunion organization
Subject: rely on us for your online prescription ordering .  your in - home source of health information  a conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking .  a man paints with his brains and not with his hands .  a poet more than thirty years old is simply an overgrown child .  one should always play fairly when one has the winning cards .,1,rely us online prescription ordering home source health information conclusion place got tired thinking man paints brains hands poet thirty years old simply overgrown child one always play fairly one winning cards
"Subject: re : hello team  ken :  we are very excited about our alp at enron . we look forward to working  with you and your team and learning about the broadband space .  thursday at cacciatore ' s sounds fine with us . we will see you there at 7 : 00  p . m .  enron alp team  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kenneth . parkhill @ enron . com [ mailto : kenneth . parkhill @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , january 23 , 2001 10 : 47 am  to : luigical @ rice . edu ; ghosei @ rice . edu ; ghoshr @ rice . edu ; iqbal @ rice . edu ;  pravas @ rice . edu ; cwomack @ rice . edu ; barrett @ rice . edu ; uecker @ rice . edu ;  loughrid @ rice . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : hello team  we are very excited to be able to welcome your alp team to enron . we are  looking to working with you this semester . to kick things off , we would  like to invite you to cacciatore ' s this thursday for dinner ( 1 / 25 / 01 , 7 pm ) .  if you can ' t stand italian cuisine , or would like to try a different day or  time , please feel free to make a suggestion . we look forward to meeting  you .  ken  713 / 345 - 4638",0,hello team ken excited alp enron look forward working team learning broadband space thursday cacciatore sounds fine us see p enron alp team original message kenneth parkhill enron com mailto kenneth parkhill enron com sent tuesday january luigical rice edu ghosei rice edu ghoshr rice edu iqbal rice edu pravas rice edu cwomack rice edu barrett rice edu uecker rice edu loughrid rice edu cc vince j kaminski enron com subject hello team excited able welcome alp team enron looking working semester kick things would like invite cacciatore thursday dinner pm stand italian cuisine would like try different day time please feel free make suggestion look forward meeting ken
"Subject: re : biliana ' s resume  biliana ,  i am glad i could help .  look forward to working with you .  vince  biliana pehlivanova on 12 / 31 / 2000 08 : 19 : 52 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : biliana ' s resume  mr . kaminski ,  i would like to thank you for forwarding my resume . i  have resently accepted enron ' s offer for a position  with the analyst program and will be joining the  company in february .  hope you had a merry christmas and wish you a happy  new year ' s !  regards ,  biliana  - - - vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > biliana ,  >  > i forwarded your resume to the hr person  > responsible for recruiting at your university  > with my recommendation .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > biliana pehlivanova  > on 09 / 28 / 2000 06 : 02 : 20  > pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : biliana ' s resume  >  >  > mr . kaminski ,  >  >  > thank you for referring me to your recruitment  > representative .  >  > attached is my resume . i would appreciate you  > letting  > me know the name of the hr person whom i can folow  > up  > with .  >  > best regards ,  > biliana  >  >  > = = = = =  > = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  > biliana pehlivanova  > vice president of incoming exchange  > aiesec houston  > 713 743 - 4927  > = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  >  > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  > do you yahoo ! ?  > yahoo ! photos - 35 mm quality prints , now get 15  > free !  > http : / / photos . yahoo . com /  > ( see attached file : biliana ' s resume . doc )  >  >  >  > attachment part 2 application / octet - stream  name = biliana ' s resume . doc  = = = = =  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  biliana pehlivanova  vice president of incoming exchange  aiesec houston  713 743 - 4927  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! photos - share your holiday photos online !  http : / / photos . yahoo . com /",0,biliana resume biliana glad could help look forward working vince biliana pehlivanova vince j kaminski enron com cc subject biliana resume mr kaminski would like thank forwarding resume resently accepted enron offer position analyst program joining company february hope merry christmas wish happy new year regards biliana vince j kaminski enron com wrote biliana forwarded resume hr person responsible recruiting university recommendation vince biliana pehlivanova pm vkamins enron com cc subject biliana resume mr kaminski thank referring recruitment representative attached resume would appreciate letting know name hr person folow best regards biliana biliana pehlivanova vice president incoming exchange aiesec houston yahoo yahoo photos mm quality prints get free http photos yahoo com see attached file biliana resume doc attachment part application octet stream name biliana resume doc biliana pehlivanova vice president incoming exchange aiesec houston yahoo yahoo photos share holiday photos online http photos yahoo com
"Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s )  that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in  the performance management process , and your participation is very critical  to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the  performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as  described in the "" performance management quick reference guide "" . you may  begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms  completed by the date noted below .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers :  in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only )  or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback  requests , by operating company , that have an "" open "" feedback status . an  employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback  form and select the "" submit "" button in pep .  review group : enron  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000  carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000  ghosh , soma timothy davies may 31 , 2000  vernon , clayton j vasant shanbhogue may 26 , 2000  zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000",0,mid year performance feedback note receive message time selected reviewer selected participate mid year performance management process providing meaningful feedback specific employee identified feedback plays important role performance management process participation critical success enron performance management goals please provide feedback employee listed accessing performance management system pep completing online feedback form described performance management quick reference guide may begin feedback input immediately please feedback forms completed date noted questions regarding pep responsibility process please call pep help desk following numbers u option europe option canada canada employees e mail questions perfmgmt enron com thank participation important process following list employees cumulative list feedback requests operating company open feedback status employee name longer appear completed feedback form select submit button pep review group enron feedback due date jun employee name supervisor name date selected ahmad anjam dale surbey may carson margaret james steffes may ghosh soma timothy davies may vernon clayton j vasant shanbhogue may zipter rudi c theodore r murphy may
"Subject: re : energy book  chris ,  no problem . feel free to mention our names .  vince  chris strickland on 01 / 28 / 2000 03 : 54 : 17 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , les , jules  cc :  subject : energy book  hi vince ,  i have pulled a list of names together that i would like to send some  samples of our chapters of the book too , in the next couple of days , in  order to try and get one or two sentence "" reviews "" for the dust jacket of  the book . i obviously won ' t say anything about enron ' s sponsorship until it  is official sorted out , but is it ok if i indicate that yourself and grant  are contributing material to the book ?  i ' m proposing to send 5 or 6 chapters to the following - unless you have  any objections or suggestions ?  david shimko  ehud ronn  helyette geman  mark garman  dragana pilipovic  corwin joy  ilia bouchouev  alexander edyleland  steve thomas  hope the writing is going ok , and regards to grant .  best regards .  chris",0,energy book chris problem feel free mention names vince chris strickland vince j kaminski hou ect ect les jules cc subject energy book hi vince pulled list names together would like send samples chapters book next couple days order try get one two sentence reviews dust jacket book obviously say anything enron sponsorship official sorted ok indicate grant contributing material book proposing send chapters following unless objections suggestions david shimko ehud ronn helyette geman mark garman dragana pilipovic corwin joy ilia bouchouev alexander edyleland steve thomas hope writing going ok regards grant best regards chris
"Subject: re : private firm schedule  thanks for the schedule update  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kirkpatrick , eric  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 10 : 52 am  to : mack , iris ; dhar , amitava ; brent , richard ; salmon , scott ; chaney , craig ; mumford , mike ; detiveaux , kim ; cruver , brian  subject : private firm schedule  all :  this is the rough schedule we came up with at today ' s video conference :  submit rfp to d & b , experian , and amadeus 2 days 25 apr mumford  receive back rfps 1 . 5 weeks 4 may mumford  complete evaluation , selection & authorization 1 week 11 may mumford / mack  contract complete and signed 2 weeks 25 may mumford  data to iris & amitava 3 weeks 15 june mumford  model development complete 4 weeks 15 july mack  * integration of model and data feeds into cts 6 weeks 30 august kirkpatrick  prior to integration into cts any prices would have to be manually uploaded into cts via spreadsheet .  the rfp will include a request for a smaller data calibration set that we may select to purchase immediately .  we can revisit this schedule at our wednesday video conference .  eric kirkpatrick",0,private firm schedule thanks schedule update original message kirkpatrick eric sent monday april mack iris dhar amitava brent richard salmon scott chaney craig mumford mike detiveaux kim cruver brian subject private firm schedule rough schedule came today video conference submit rfp b experian amadeus days apr mumford receive back rfps weeks may mumford complete evaluation selection authorization week may mumford mack contract complete signed weeks may mumford data iris amitava weeks june mumford model development complete weeks july mack integration model data feeds cts weeks august kirkpatrick prior integration cts prices would manually uploaded cts via spreadsheet rfp include request smaller data calibration set may select purchase immediately revisit schedule wednesday video conference eric kirkpatrick
"Subject: re : hi  vince :  i think full time employment starting in about six months seems to be the  best option . it is probably best to get my dissertation wrapped up before  taking on additional commitments .  regards  zeigham  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : zkhokher @ mail . utexas . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ;  stinson . gibner @ enron . com  date : tuesday , april 11 , 2000 10 : 25 am  subject : re : hi  zeigham ,  we discussed two options ( not necessarily mutually exclusive ) :  1 . summer internship  2 . full employment .  are you interested exclusively in full employment ?  i need the answer asap , as we are going to discuss the additional summer  intern positions this afternoon .  vince  zkhokher @ mail . utexas . edu on 04 / 11 / 2000 01 : 06 : 14 pm  to :  cc :  subject : hi  vince :  it was very nice talking to you at the texas finance festival and i think  the telecom market that enron is entering is very interesting and very  lucrative . i would be very interested in working in that segment for  enron .  however , i talked to sheridan about this oppurtunity and he said that it  is probably going to be another six months before i finish my  dissertation . so while i am definitely interested , the start date will  probably have to be around that time .  at any rate , it was a pleasure meeting you again and hopefully once i have  defended my dissertation we can discuss employment oppurtunities in  greater detail .  regards  zeigham  zkhokher @ mail . utexas . edu  512 - 471 - 1676",0,hi vince think full time employment starting six months seems best option probably best get dissertation wrapped taking additional commitments regards zeigham original message vince j kaminski enron com zkhokher mail utexas edu cc vince j kaminski enron com stinson gibner enron com date tuesday april subject hi zeigham discussed two options necessarily mutually exclusive summer internship full employment interested exclusively full employment need answer asap going discuss additional summer intern positions afternoon vince zkhokher mail utexas edu pm cc subject hi vince nice talking texas finance festival think telecom market enron entering interesting lucrative would interested working segment enron however talked sheridan oppurtunity said probably going another six months finish dissertation definitely interested start date probably around time rate pleasure meeting hopefully defended dissertation discuss employment oppurtunities greater detail regards zeigham zkhokher mail utexas edu
"Subject: re : get together this coming tuesday ?  dale ,  please , call me on tuesday . my morning schedule is full but i am open in the  afternoon .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 : 21 am  please respond to  to : "" vincent kaminski "" , "" kimberly s . watson ""  cc :  subject : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince / kim :  i am flying to houston tonight and wondered if it would fit one or both of  your schedules to get together this coming tuesday sometime for 1 / 2 hour or  so . i really want to reinitiate the conversations marketpoint was having  with john goodpasture and you , and he said either or both of you were the  right people to continue after his responsibility shift . john was quite  positive about the idea of enron acquiring marketpoint narg through license ,  and he implied that one or both of you would be carrying the ball in that  direction after he handed it to you .  would this coming tuesday morning at 930 am be a good time for you guys ? if  so , please give me an email shout at the above address or leave a message on  my voicemail at ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 . i think you will be truly impressed with the  scope and progress we have been able to make with both the short run narg  and the long run narg in which you were interested ( not to mention our power  model ) . the progress is noticeable since you saw it . both long and short  term narg are having quite an impact on a number of gas decisions at the  moment ranging from venezuelan lng , north american lng import terminals and  term , gas basis calculations , trading support , power plant development ,  gas - to - power price spreads in key markets , veracity of heat rate trades ,  bank financings , storage field evaluation , and which new pipelines we can  expect to see enter and which are dogs .  i really hope we can fit it in and get our discussions moving in a mutually  productive direction again . i think narg can help you become even more  successful , and i look forward to working with you .  we have a new office address and new phone number as well . ( we move in may  1 . )  altos management partners  95 main street , suite 10  los altos , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 948 - 8830 voice  ( 650 ) 948 - 8850 fax  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 cellular  give the phones a week or so to get "" debugged "" and then switch over .  dale",0,get together coming tuesday dale please call tuesday morning schedule full open afternoon vince dale nesbitt please respond vincent kaminski kimberly watson cc subject get together coming tuesday vince kim flying houston tonight wondered would fit one schedules get together coming tuesday sometime hour really want reinitiate conversations marketpoint john goodpasture said either right people continue responsibility shift john quite positive idea enron acquiring marketpoint narg license implied one would carrying ball direction handed would coming tuesday morning good time guys please give email shout address leave message voicemail think truly impressed scope progress able make short run narg long run narg interested mention power model progress noticeable since saw long short term narg quite impact number gas decisions moment ranging venezuelan lng north american lng import terminals term gas basis calculations trading support power plant development gas power price spreads key markets veracity heat rate trades bank financings storage field evaluation new pipelines expect see enter dogs really hope fit get discussions moving mutually productive direction think narg help become even successful look forward working new office address new phone number well move may altos management partners main street suite los altos ca voice fax cellular give phones week get debugged switch dale
"Subject: hiring aram at a vp level  rick ,  i want to bring aram sogomonian back to enron at s vp level .  according to new human resources procedures this decision requires  a support of three senior executives .  i want to ask you to express your opinion on aram ( based on a phone interview  or just on your past interactions with him ) . you can send a reply to norma  villarreal at h / r .  thanks .  vince",0,hiring aram vp level rick want bring aram sogomonian back enron vp level according new human resources procedures decision requires support three senior executives want ask express opinion aram based phone interview past interactions send reply norma villarreal h r thanks vince
"Subject: enron research and ebs engineering and operations group technical  forum  joe ,  i would like to invite you to an off - site meeting of john griebling ' s  organization  and the research group .  date : april 27 - april 29  location : breckenridge , colorado  as you know , john griebling is managing the network design and construction  project  currently under way in ebs . the research group is actively involved in this  effort  which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic  optimization and  stochastic processes ( for modeling and forecasting internet traffic flows ) .  the objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish  transfer  of skills between the two groups , to facilitate cooperation on this project  in the future .  we are inviting ken rice and kevin hannon to this meeting . we would  appreciate if you could  speak , together with kevin and ken , on strategic directions of ebs . it is  important for a group  of technical people , with relatively specialized technical skills , to  understand the big picture .  i am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting .  vince kaminski",0,enron research ebs engineering operations group technical forum joe would like invite site meeting john griebling organization research group date april april location breckenridge colorado know john griebling managing network design construction project currently way ebs research group actively involved effort requires advanced quantitative skills area stochastic optimization stochastic processes modeling forecasting internet traffic flows objective meeting develop common language accomplish transfer skills two groups facilitate cooperation project future inviting ken rice kevin hannon meeting would appreciate could speak together kevin ken strategic directions ebs important group technical people relatively specialized technical skills understand big picture attaching preliminary agenda meeting vince kaminski
"Subject: attn :  i presume this mail will not be a surprise to you .  i am an accountant with the ministry of mineral  resources and energy in south africa and also a member  of contracts awarding committee of this ministry under  south africa government .  many years ago , south africa government asked this  committee to awards contracts to foreign firms , which  i and 2 of my partners are the leader of this  committee , with our good position , this contracrs  was over invoiced to the tune of us $ 25 , 600 , 000 : 00 as a  deal to be benefit by the three top member of this  committee .  now the contracts value has been paid off to the  actual contractors that executed this jobs , all we  want now is a trusted foreign partner like you that we  shall front with his banking account number to claim  the over inflated sum .  upon our agreemeent to carry on this transaction with  you , the said fund will be share as follows .  75 % will be for us in south africa .  20 % for using your account and other contribution  that might reqiured from you .  5 % is set aside for the up front expences that  will be encounter by both party to get all necessary  documents and formarlities that will justify you as  the rightful owner of this fund .  if you are interested in this transaction , kindly  reply this massege with all your phone and fax  numbers , to enable us furnish you with details and  procedures of this transaction .  god bless you  yours faithfully .  joseph edward .",1,attn presume mail surprise accountant ministry mineral resources energy south africa also member contracts awarding committee ministry south africa government many years ago south africa government asked committee awards contracts foreign firms partners leader committee good position contracrs invoiced tune us deal benefit three top member committee contracts value paid actual contractors executed jobs want trusted foreign partner like shall front banking account number claim inflated sum upon agreemeent carry transaction said fund share follows us south africa using account contribution might reqiured set aside front expences encounter party get necessary documents formarlities justify rightful owner fund interested transaction kindly reply massege phone fax numbers enable us furnish details procedures transaction god bless faithfully joseph edward
"Subject: fw : resume for vince kaminski  we just received this resume from an agency . i had just heard this morning  that an economist was coming into your group , so i don ' t know if you are  interested or not . let me know if i can be of any help .  molly  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : graham , toni  sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 2 : 07 pm  to : magee , molly  subject : fw : resume for vince kaminski  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : "" m eastman "" @ enron  @ enron . com ]  sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 1 : 53 pm  to : graham , toni  subject : resume for vince kaminski  johnathan is at 142 , 000 base + 10 - 15 % bonus . he is a phd . , certified in  financial risk management , awaiting charter as cfa , and the list goes  on . at kpmg his clients are financial institutions , e - commerce , internet ,  and high tech . he has real options valuation and various other financial  and overall corporate risk valuation and analysis skills that may be of  interest to vince and his group .  mike eastman , cpc - president  qualitec professional services , lp  accounting - financial - energy risk - tax  search consultants  281 - 647 - 9300 ext . 314 fax 281 - 647 - 9300  email meastman @ qualitec . com  website www . qualitec . com  - johnathan mun . doc",0,fw resume vince kaminski received resume agency heard morning economist coming group know interested let know help molly original message graham toni sent thursday march pm magee molly subject fw resume vince kaminski original message eastman enron enron com sent thursday march pm graham toni subject resume vince kaminski johnathan base bonus phd certified financial risk management awaiting charter cfa list goes kpmg clients financial institutions e commerce internet high tech real options valuation various financial overall corporate risk valuation analysis skills may interest vince group mike eastman cpc president qualitec professional services lp accounting financial energy risk tax search consultants ext fax email meastman qualitec com website www qualitec com johnathan mun doc
"Subject: dba administrator  cecil ,  i ' ve spoken with charlene just now and she sounds very helpful .  can you give her a call tomorrow morning to iron out exactly how  you want to access the enpower data base ? i ' ve left your name  with her so she ' s expecting your call .  best ,  alex  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alex huang / corp / enron on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 13 pm  to : michelle d cisneros / hou / ect @ ect  cc : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : dba administrator  michelle ,  the name of the db administrator for enpower is charlene fricker ,  5 - 3487 . alex will contact her regarding the access to the curve .  i think it ' s a problem many layers below gary hickerson ' s level  of responsibility and i hope we can handle it without using his valuable  time .  vince",0,dba administrator cecil spoken charlene sounds helpful give call tomorrow morning iron exactly want access enpower data base left name expecting call best alex forwarded alex huang corp enron pm vince j kaminski ect pm michelle cisneros hou ect ect cc alex huang corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject dba administrator michelle name db administrator enpower charlene fricker alex contact regarding access curve think problem many layers gary hickerson level responsibility hope handle without using valuable time vince
"Subject: hedge effectiveness test for fair value hedges  gentlemen :  we have had favorable responses regarding the use of our volatility  reduction method ( roger , i ' ve attached a copy of our article in case you  hadn ' t seen it ) . however , there continued to be a quibble about how to  create the set of data points that would be inputs into the testing process .  last week the consulting arm of a "" big five "" accounting firm indicated that  the following method proposed by us would be acceptable . we believe this  method overcomes the statistical problems that arise from using interest  rate differences from overlapping ( "" rolling "" ) quarters .  method :  1 ) calculate daily yield curve changes expressed as ratios , using historical  rates from the most recent , say , two years . ( note : no overlap ) . this  results in a set of around 494 vectors of ratios ( approximately 247 trading  days per  year ) .  example :  if the first three yield curves in the historical set look like this :  19980801 6 . 5 6 . 6 6 . 7 . . . . . . . . . 7 . 2  19980802 6 . 3 6 . 3 6 . 6 . . . . . . . . . 6 . 9  19980803 6 . 6 6 . 8 6 . 9 . . . . . . . . . 7 . 1  then the change from 8 / 1 / 98 to 8 / 2 / 98 is :  6 . 3 / 6 . 5 6 . 3 / 6 . 6 6 . 6 / 6 . 7 . . . . . . . . . . 6 . 9 / 7 . 1  and the change from 8 / 2 / 98 to 8 / 3 / 98 is :  6 . 6 / 6 . 3 6 . 8 / 6 . 3 6 . 9 / 6 . 6 . . . . . . . . . 7 . 1 / 6 . 9  2 ) randomly select 62 of these "" ratio "" vectors ( approx . 62 trading days in a  quarter ) .  3 ) multiply these ratio vectors together to get a single vector ( ie , the 62  6 mo ratios are multiplied together , the 62 lyr ratios are multiplied  togeter , etc . ) . the result represents a single quarterly yield curve  transformation . apply it to "" today ' s "" yield curve . the resulting yield  curve represents one simulated quarterly change in interest rates  4 ) repeat steps 2 and 3 until an adequate number of yield curves are  generated , say 100 .  5 ) proceed with testing process .  i would be interested in your comments .  leslie abreo  andrew kalotay associates , inc .  61 broadway , ste 3025  new york ny 10006  phone : ( 212 ) 482 0900  fax : ( 212 ) 482 0529  email : leslie . abreo @ kalotay . com  visit aka ' s website at http : / / www . kalotay . com  - fasl 33 article . pdf",0,hedge effectiveness test fair value hedges gentlemen favorable responses regarding use volatility reduction method roger attached copy article case seen however continued quibble create set data points would inputs testing process last week consulting arm big five accounting firm indicated following method proposed us would acceptable believe method overcomes statistical problems arise using interest rate differences overlapping rolling quarters method calculate daily yield curve changes expressed ratios using historical rates recent say two years note overlap results set around vectors ratios approximately trading days per year example first three yield curves historical set look like change change randomly select ratio vectors approx trading days quarter multiply ratio vectors together get single vector ie mo ratios multiplied together lyr ratios multiplied togeter etc result represents single quarterly yield curve transformation apply today yield curve resulting yield curve represents one simulated quarterly change interest rates repeat steps adequate number yield curves generated say proceed testing process would interested comments leslie abreo andrew kalotay associates inc broadway ste new york ny phone fax email leslie abreo kalotay com visit aka website http www kalotay com fasl article pdf
"Subject: vince ,  i am writing about a student of mine who is on the job market  this year . when you stopped by my office , about 18 months ago  you asked if i had any students that might be appropriate for  your group . although i didn ' t at the time , now i do . this student has  excellent technical skills , including an m . s . in statistics  and a ph . d . in economics by the end of the current academic  year . his dissertation research is on the investment behavior  of independent power producers in the us . as a result of research  assistance he has done for me , he knows the california market very well  and is familiar with the other isos . i think he would be an excellent  match for you . the only problem is that he will probably have many  other options available . however , i definitely think he ' s worth a look .  if you ' d like him to send you a cv , please let me know . thanks .  frank wolak  professor frank a . wolak email :  wolak @ zia . stanford . edu  department of economics phone : 650 - 723 - 3944  ( office )  stanford university fax : 650 - 725 - 5702  stanford , ca 94305 - 6072 phone : 650 - 856 - 0109 ( home )  world - wide web page : http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ wolak cell phone : 650 - 814 - 0107",0,vince writing student mine job market year stopped office months ago asked students might appropriate group although time student excellent technical skills including statistics ph economics end current academic year dissertation research investment behavior independent power producers us result research assistance done knows california market well familiar isos think would excellent match problem probably many options available however definitely think worth look like send cv please let know thanks frank wolak professor frank wolak email wolak zia stanford edu department economics phone office stanford university fax stanford ca phone home world wide web page http www stanford edu wolak cell phone
"Subject: re :  thank you ! ! !  vince j kaminski @ ect  08 / 08 / 2000 09 : 56 am  to : ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject :  ashley ,  the web site address of the prof at berkeley i contacted .  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu : 80 / ~ oren /  vince",0,thank vince j kaminski ect ashley baxter corp enron enron cc subject ashley web site address prof berkeley contacted http www ieor berkeley edu oren vince
"Subject: cera conference call : ferc ' s order for california market : bold  decision of insufficient action ? - cera conference call  cera conference call : sent tue , november 07 , 2000  title : cera conference call : ferc ' s order for california market : bold  decision of insufficient action ?  author :  e - mail category : conference call  product line : western energy , north american power ,  url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u = 5166 & m = 1412 ,  http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u = 5166 & m = 1413 ,  alternative urls :  western energy members :  n . american electric power members :  north american electric power and western energy  conference call  a cambridge energy research associates conference call  topic  ferc ' s order for the california market :  bold decision or insufficient action ?  * a ferc vote for market solutions  * where is the relief for retail customers ?  * what ' s next for california and western wholesale  markets ?  * implications for the broader north american power  market  format  at the time listed below , our speakers will address this  topic for approximately 30 minutes , followed by an open  question and answer period .  speakers  larry makovich , cera senior director , north american  electric power  mike zenker , cera director , western energy  time  1 : 00 p . m . eastern , monday , november 13 , 2000  eligibility  clients eligible to participate in this conference call  are those who subscribe to the north american electric  power retainer advisory service or the western energy  retainer advisory service .  to enroll  to enroll , please contact ms . kari paakaula via fax at  ( 617 ) 497 - 0423 , or enroll via e - mail at  kpaakaula @ cera . com before 4 : 00 p . m . , friday , november  10 , 2000 .  audio  for the audio portion of the call , please call in on one  of the following numbers approximately five ( 5 ) minutes  before the call :  within the united states : 1 - 800 - 946 - 0741  outside the united states : ( 719 ) 457 - 2649  confirmation code : 640107  title of the call : cera call  technical assistance  u . s . callers : if you are experiencing difficulties  during the call , you may signal for technical assistance  by pressing * 0 ( star , zero ) on your telephone keypad  international callers : please re - dial and ask the  operator for assistance before giving the confirmation  code .  a recording of this call ( audio only ) will be available  until december 13 , 2000 . to access this recording ,  please call 1 - 888 - 203 - 1112 ( within the u . s . ) or ( 719 )  457 - 0820 ( outside the u . s . ) . please use confirmation  number 640107 to access the call .  * *  for more information , please contact kari paakaula via  e - mail at kpaakaula @ cera . com or via telephone at ( 617 )  441 - 1362 .  * * end * *  follow url for html version of this message only .  account changes  to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail  address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information  from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is  confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,  distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,  in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates",0,cera conference call ferc order california market bold decision insufficient action cera conference call cera conference call sent tue november title cera conference call ferc order california market bold decision insufficient action author e mail category conference call product line western energy north american power url http www cera com cfm track eprofile cfm u http www cera com cfm track eprofile cfm u alternative urls western energy members n american electric power members north american electric power western energy conference call cambridge energy research associates conference call topic ferc order california market bold decision insufficient action ferc vote market solutions relief retail customers next california western wholesale markets implications broader north american power market format time listed speakers address topic approximately minutes followed open question answer period speakers larry makovich cera senior director north american electric power mike zenker cera director western energy time p eastern monday november eligibility clients eligible participate conference call subscribe north american electric power retainer advisory service western energy retainer advisory service enroll enroll please contact ms kari paakaula via fax enroll via e mail kpaakaula cera com p friday november audio audio portion call please call one following numbers approximately five minutes call within united states outside united states confirmation code title call cera call technical assistance u callers experiencing difficulties call may signal technical assistance pressing star zero telephone keypad international callers please dial ask operator assistance giving confirmation code recording call audio available december access recording please call within u outside u please use confirmation number access call information please contact kari paakaula via e mail kpaakaula cera com via telephone end follow url html version message account changes edit personal account information including e mail address etc go http eprofile cera com cfm edit account cfm electronic message attachments contain information cambridge energy research associates inc cera confidential may privileged unauthorized disclosure copying distribution use contents message attachments whole part strictly prohibited terms use http www cera com tos html questions comments webmaster cera com copyright cambridge energy research associates
"Subject: ieor monday seminar - october 23 , 2000  ?  ?  industrial engineering and operations research  monday seminar  ieor 298 - 1 - fall 2000  monday , october 23 , 2000  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" volatility of electricity prices - measurement and analysis of underlying  causes ""  dr . vincent kaminski  managing director and head of research for enron corp .  ?  abstract :  the last three years were characterized by exceptionally high volatility of  the power prices in the us markets . the market developments have created a  number of unique challenges for energy industry economists . one immediate  question we have to answer is how to measure volatility of energy prices .  although we can all agree that the prices in the power markets are  characterized by high variability , the traditional measures used in  financial economics ( annualized standard deviation of log price returns ) may  not fit well electricity prices .  the second challenge is to explain the sources of high price volatility and  to answer the question to what extent it can be attributed to problems that  can be addressed in the long run . such problems include flaws in market  design that allow some market participants to abuse market power , limited  availability and / or unequal access to transmission , temporary shortages of  generation capacity . some factors underlying high volatility of electricity  prices may be of permanent nature and may be a necessary price to pay for  increased market efficiency and expanded customer choice .  time and location : 3 : 30 - 5 : 00 p . m . - 3108 etcheverry  refreshments : 3 : 00 p . m . - 4 th floor hallway",0,ieor monday seminar october industrial engineering operations research monday seminar ieor fall monday october volatility electricity prices measurement analysis underlying causes dr vincent kaminski managing director head research enron corp abstract last three years characterized exceptionally high volatility power prices us markets market developments created number unique challenges energy industry economists one immediate question answer measure volatility energy prices although agree prices power markets characterized high variability traditional measures used financial economics annualized standard deviation log price returns may fit well electricity prices second challenge explain sources high price volatility answer question extent attributed problems addressed long run problems include flaws market design allow market participants abuse market power limited availability unequal access transmission temporary shortages generation capacity factors underlying high volatility electricity prices may permanent nature may necessary price pay increased market efficiency expanded customer choice time location p etcheverry refreshments p th floor hallway
"Subject: i do not have anything against you  ourref : cbn / go / 0 xol 2 / 05  date : 21 st july 2005  tel : 234 - 1 - 470 - 7915  email address : mallamyusuf @ centbanks . org  dear good friend  after a serious thought , i decided to reach you directly and personally  because i do not have anything against you , but your nigerian partners .  i am the director of wire transfer / telex department of the central bank of  nigeria , some time in the past your nigerian partners approached me through a  friend of mine who works with one of the ministries here and requested that i  assist them conclude a money transfer deal and we all agreed .  according to them , they wanted to use this strategy to transfer a huge amount  of us dollars which they accumulated through inflated contract awards and  themoney has been floating in the ( c . b . n ) since the original beneficiary has  been fully paid , so they wanted to use your account to transfer the surplus  out of nigeria . we agreed that once i do this , they would give me  us $ 100 , 000 . 00 and give me another usl 00 , 000 . 00 when i released the fund to  your account . when  they saw that i have done that and your name has been approved among the list  of those to be paid , instead of giving me the agreed deposit of  us $ 100 , 000 . 00 , they started avoiding me and resorted to threats .  i immediately deleted the transfer code of the fund , which is only known to me  because of my position , and release other contractors fund without yours . they  became angry the more when they saw that their threat did not work , and  started bribing other officials to get another approval to transfer the money  to you without success . approvals are free , is it not funny that a  beneficiary is being asked to pay for approval while his millions is here with  us ? i am 100 % responsible for the delay and obstructions because of their  breach of contract . if you doubt what i have just told you , pay any amount  they will ask you to pay now , after a short time they will come up with  another reason to pay again and it goes on and on . now if you want us to work  together , these are my conditions .  i . i will have 50 % of the money because it is only the two of us left fornow .  ii . you will assist my son to open an account in your country or any other  place of my choice where i will pay in my own share .  iii as you have seen , it will be useless and mere waste of money if you  continue with any other person , so we will conclude the transaction with  utmost secrecy with the above telephone and fax number .  if these conditions are acceptable to you , contact me as soon as possible to  let us finalize so that i will send to you our official ktt wire transfer form  to complete and i will release the money to your account . but if you are not  interested , i advice you to forget the fund as it will be transferred into our  consolidated national reserve .  best regards .  mallam yusuf  director , wire transfer / telex dept . ( cbn )  tel : 234 - 1 - 470 - 7915 ( personal )  email address : mallamyusuf @ centbanks . org",1,anything ourref cbn go xol date st july tel email address mallamyusuf centbanks org dear good friend serious thought decided reach directly personally anything nigerian partners director wire transfer telex department central bank nigeria time past nigerian partners approached friend mine works one ministries requested assist conclude money transfer deal agreed according wanted use strategy transfer huge amount us dollars accumulated inflated contract awards themoney floating c b n since original beneficiary fully paid wanted use account transfer surplus nigeria agreed would give us give another usl released fund account saw done name approved among list paid instead giving agreed deposit us started avoiding resorted threats immediately deleted transfer code fund known position release contractors fund without became angry saw threat work started bribing officials get another approval transfer money without success approvals free funny beneficiary asked pay approval millions us responsible delay obstructions breach contract doubt told pay amount ask pay short time come another reason pay goes want us work together conditions money two us left fornow ii assist son open account country place choice pay share iii seen useless mere waste money continue person conclude transaction utmost secrecy telephone fax number conditions acceptable contact soon possible let us finalize send official ktt wire transfer form complete release money account interested advice forget fund transferred consolidated national reserve best regards mallam yusuf director wire transfer telex dept cbn tel personal email address mallamyusuf centbanks org
"Subject: re : o  andrew ,  vince and grant from research would like to have risktrack on their pcs .  can you install it for them ?  appreciate it ,  tanya .",0,andrew vince grant research would like risktrack pcs install appreciate tanya
"Subject: re : copper curve  ted ,  i agree . curve review has always been rac responsibility . please , let me know  if we can assist you in any way .  vince  from : ted murphy  10 / 29 / 2000 10 : 23 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : copper curve  tani ,  please touch base with lloyd fleming as to whom from rac should review the  methodology . i view that it is the commercial team ' s responsibility to post  the curve , operations responsibility to gather objective information on the  efficacy of the curve on a ( minimum ) monthly basis and report all highly  sensitive curves , rac will not approve or disapprove a curve but question  methodology / motivations and subsequent changes and do so in a senior  management forum ( i . e . , we will tell on those who have suspect curves or  curve movements ) . obviously , we are looking for the best estimate of the  value of those products in those time buckets today , we also favor object ,  consistent application of methodoology intra and inter commodity .  ted  vince j kaminski  10 / 27 / 2000 04 : 18 pm  to : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther  gerratt / lon / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : copper curve  tani ,  no problem . we shall look at the curve on monday . i have organized a small  team to examine  the curve from different perspectives .  curve validation is normally a rac prerogative and i shall get them involved  on monday  vince  tani nath  10 / 27 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : copper curve  following steve ' s note to you earlier today , i wanted to mention that we have  a fairly urgent need for review of the copper curve in particular , as there  is a deal due for final pricing in the next few days .  i am not sure what data you have received from enron metals in london , so i  am asking tim poullain - patterson to ensure that you have the curves and the  economic justification proposed as soon as possible . please direct any  questions to him or to harry tefoglou . i will be in the tokyo office next  week , but available via e - mail .  thanks in advance for your assistance ,  tani",0,copper curve ted agree curve review always rac responsibility please let know assist way vince ted murphy vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject copper curve tani please touch base lloyd fleming rac review methodology view commercial team responsibility post curve operations responsibility gather objective information efficacy curve minimum monthly basis report highly sensitive curves rac approve disapprove curve question methodology motivations subsequent changes senior management forum e tell suspect curves curve movements obviously looking best estimate value products time buckets today also favor object consistent application methodoology intra inter commodity ted vince j kaminski pm tani nath lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect tim poullain patterson lon ect ect harry tefoglou lon ect ect esther gerratt lon ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect subject copper curve tani problem shall look curve monday organized small team examine curve different perspectives curve validation normally rac prerogative shall get involved monday vince tani nath maureen raymond hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect tim poullain patterson harry tefoglou lon ect ect esther gerratt lon ect ect subject copper curve following steve note earlier today wanted mention fairly urgent need review copper curve particular deal due final pricing next days sure data received enron metals london asking tim poullain patterson ensure curves economic justification proposed soon possible please direct questions harry tefoglou tokyo office next week available via e mail thanks advance assistance tani
Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership .  start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . free gold membership or upgrade and extend your existing membership . ( )  ipmlgbit,1,start shopping costco today complimentary gold membership start shopping costco today free gold membership free gold membership upgrade extend existing membership ipmlgbit
"Subject: re : we have all your favorite programs at incredibly low prices  the cheapest p * c prices  bundle 1 :  windows x * p pro & office x * p pro only 8 o 15 o dollars  we might have just what you need :  bundle 2 :  macromedia studio mx 2 oo 4 - 18 o dollars  we might have just what you need :  bundle 3 :  adobe creative suite full - 2 oo dollars  the offer is valid untill june 17 th  virtual store  stock is limited  regards ,  tyree sanchez  orthodontist  retroscreen virology ltd . , london , el 4 ns , united kingdom  phone : 571 - 396 - 7479  mobile : 354 - 117 - 9463  email : robvofjfdx @ flashmail . net  this is a confirmation message  this product is a 16 day definite software  notes :  the contents of this paper is for your exclusive use and should not be hour exponent  cpu deject wrack  time : sun , 24 apr 2005 08 : 15 : 35 - 0800",1,favorite programs incredibly low prices cheapest p c prices bundle windows x p pro office x p pro dollars might need bundle macromedia studio mx oo dollars might need bundle adobe creative suite full oo dollars offer valid untill june th virtual store stock limited regards tyree sanchez orthodontist retroscreen virology ltd london el ns united kingdom phone mobile email robvofjfdx flashmail net confirmation message product day definite software notes contents paper exclusive use hour exponent cpu deject wrack time sun apr
"Subject: software erequests for credit modeling  hi lola ,  as per our recent conversation , today we had a conference call with the  enron research and credit groups in the us and the uk .  it was decided that we would require the folowing software to assist us  in developing the private firm models :  1 . eviews statistical package  2 . spss statistical package ( the uk office already has an spss site  license . )  3 . tops software  4 . neural net software package ( george in the uk developed this package ) .  please discuss submit these requests to craig chaney for his approval .  thanks ,  iris",0,software erequests credit modeling hi lola per recent conversation today conference call enron research credit groups us uk decided would require folowing software assist us developing private firm models eviews statistical package spss statistical package uk office already spss site license tops software neural net software package george uk developed package please discuss submit requests craig chaney approval thanks iris
Subject: hi  how to save on your fashion medlcatlons over 70 % .  shalloon pharmzmail shop - successfull and proven way to save curvet your plumose money .  whereby v  intraocular ag  a disconsolate l  shandrydan lu  synoptical l  r impoverishment a drouth cl  frozen isva calmatige l  eyewater m  andmanyother .  * best p coheir rlces  * wor requital ldwide shlpplng  * sjambok total confidentiaiity  * over 5 miliion c dominical ustomers  have unnumbered a nice day !,1,hi save fashion medlcatlons shalloon pharmzmail shop successfull proven way save curvet plumose money whereby v intraocular ag disconsolate l shandrydan lu synoptical l r impoverishment drouth cl frozen isva calmatige l eyewater andmanyother best p coheir rlces wor requital ldwide shlpplng sjambok total confidentiaiity miliion c dominical ustomers unnumbered nice day
"Subject: visual identity and logo now  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in building a positive visual imaqe  of your company by creatinq an outstanding ioqo , presentable stationery  items and professionai website . these marketinq tools wiil significantly  contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deal packages and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,visual identity logo working company image start visual identity key first good impression help take part building positive visual imaqe company creatinq outstanding ioqo presentable stationery items professionai website marketinq tools wiil significantly contributeto success business take look work samples hot deal packages see offer work interested
"Subject: re : hi :  zeigham ,  mike roberts from my group will help you .  vince  on 09 / 22 / 2000 07 : 14 : 37 pm  to :  cc :  subject : hi :  hi vince :  this zeigham khokher at the university of texas at austin , finance  department .  ?  i need some publicly available data that unfortunately is not available  here . ? it is basically the historical prices for price of oil , gas and gold  futures contracts and options .  ?  again the data is strictly public info and not proprietary at all . ? let me  know if there is a central data person at enron who would be able to help . ?  all help will be of course gratefully acknowledged .  ?  hope all is well , i hear you will be giving a talk at ut this fall ? and look  forward to seeing you then .  ?  regards  zeigham  ?  ?",0,hi zeigham mike roberts group help vince pm cc subject hi hi vince zeigham khokher university texas austin finance department need publicly available data unfortunately available basically historical prices price oil gas gold futures contracts options data strictly public info proprietary let know central data person enron would able help help course gratefully acknowledged hope well hear giving talk ut fall look forward seeing regards zeigham
"Subject: old email address  > hello vince ,  > nie bardzo wiem czy pisac po polsku czy po angielsku : )  > co u ciebie slychac ?  > u mnie troche zmian jak ze juz nie pracuje w scem , a przenioslem sie  > do mieco ( a small marubeni backed energy - america trading company ) .  > bardzo rozne od scem . najbardzij przypomina mi scem na poczatku z joe , jak  > bylo 20 - 30 osob . sa i minusy i plusy . troche structure i research ale  > przede wszystkim weather . trrovhe latam miedzy east i west bo sa officy  > w obydwu miejscach . california jest ok w zimie : ) .  > na bardziej personalnym froncie ; pamietasz dinner na ktory poszlismy  > kiedys na conferencji w ny z catherine ( she used to work for williams -  > works for morgan stanley now ) , we are dating ( for a while ) . it is a  > good story how we met . so we owe you dinner : )  > jak bylem w atlancie to pracowala dla mnie christa grey . bedzie teraz  > konczyla grad school in international relations ( with eastern european  > slant ) , i zastanawia sie czy sa jakies mozliwosci polaczenia tego co  > robila ze "" wschodem "" . co robila to bylo przede wszystkim vb  > implementations modeli , ( roznego rodzaju ) , web based data collections ,  > basic research , teraz jest w gas structuring etc . she speaks russian  > and was in ukraine / poland few times on peace corp assingments . she is very  > bright and dedicated . myslalem zeby ja zwabic do californii ale ten  > eastern european pociag jest u niej silniejszy niz u mnie : ) . i have here  > resume , wiec jak bys myslal ze jest jakis fit i will foreward it to you .  > troche tak mieszanka pisze , przepraszam  > bede chyba w houston w pazdzierniku to moze bysmy sie mogli spotkac .  > latwiej pewnie by bylo w ny ( mieszkam po nj stronie ( rent jest inny niz  > w atlancie : ) ( 201 ) 222 - 0435 ) , wiec daj mi znac jakbys mial czas i ochote .  > thanks  > roman  >",0,old email address hello vince nie bardzo wiem czy pisac po polsku czy po angielsku co u ciebie slychac u mnie troche zmian jak ze juz nie pracuje w scem przenioslem sie mieco small marubeni backed energy america trading company bardzo rozne od scem najbardzij przypomina mi scem na poczatku z joe jak bylo osob sa minusy plusy troche structure research ale przede wszystkim weather trrovhe latam miedzy east west bo sa officy w obydwu miejscach california jest ok w zimie na bardziej personalnym froncie pamietasz dinner na ktory poszlismy kiedys na conferencji w ny z catherine used work williams works morgan stanley dating good story met owe dinner jak bylem w atlancie pracowala dla mnie christa grey bedzie teraz konczyla grad school international relations eastern european slant zastanawia sie czy sa jakies mozliwosci polaczenia tego co robila ze wschodem co robila bylo przede wszystkim vb implementations modeli roznego rodzaju web based data collections basic research teraz jest w gas structuring etc speaks russian ukraine poland times peace corp assingments bright dedicated myslalem zeby ja zwabic californii ale ten eastern european pociag jest u niej silniejszy niz u mnie resume wiec jak bys myslal ze jest jakis fit foreward troche tak mieszanka pisze przepraszam bede chyba w houston w pazdzierniku moze bysmy sie mogli spotkac latwiej pewnie bylo w ny mieszkam po nj stronie rent jest inny niz w atlancie wiec daj mi znac jakbys mial czas ochote thanks roman
"Subject: re : baylor - enron case study  cindy ,  yes , i shall co - author this paper and i have planted the idea in john  martin ' s head .  vince  from : cindy derecskey @ enron on 10 / 25 / 2000 11 : 38 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : baylor - enron case study  vince ,  i forgot to inquire whether you would also like to be present during the  interview process with john martin and ken , jeff and andy ?  let me know . . . . thanks ,  cindy",0,baylor enron case study cindy yes shall co author paper planted idea john martin head vince cindy derecskey enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject baylor enron case study vince forgot inquire whether would also like present interview process john martin ken jeff andy let know thanks cindy
"Subject: re : fw : pserc nuggets related to market stem  hi vince and happy new year  good to hear from you and i can understand being busy . i am myself trying to  balance my commitments here .  like any research consortium pserc is trying to provide value to its members  while walking the fine line between cooperation and competition . we are  definitely not in the business of providing proprietary research to the  members but rather working on more generic areas that later individual  members could see way to convert to proprietary tools . the work that shijie  deng and rajnish kamat have been doing with me are good examples .  as to my trip , thanks for the invitation but i already committed myself to  get back friday night so i will save my visit for another time .  i will tell my son about the spring interviews at cornell . hopefully this  time he will not miss it .  regards , shmuel  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc :  sent : monday , january 08 , 2001 1 : 40 pm  subject : re : fw : pserc nuggets related to market stem  >  > hello shmuel ,  >  > thanks for your message . the end of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 were  > extremely busy  > and i could not focus on pserc issues . i shall consult a few people in  > enron on this subject and get in  > touch with you . our concern right now is that the results of research are  > widely shared with  > our competition .  >  > i am out on the 19 th , but the 20 th would work for me . i would be glad to  > cover the cost of your austin  > to houston trip .  >  > regarding your son . the analyst / associate program will interview again  on  > the campus  > in the spring and they will be more than happy to interview him .  >  >  >  >  >  > "" shmuel oren "" on 12 / 19 / 2000 01 : 40 : 02 pm  >  > to :  > cc : "" dennis ray "" , ,  >  > subject : fw : pserc nuggets related to market stem  >  >  > hello vince  > happy holidays .  > i wanted to connect with you regarding the possibility of enron joining  > pserc . as you might have heard from lance and alex we are going through a  > transition period having doubled the number of universities and industry  > members within the last year . consequently , our business processes are not  > well developed . one of the problems we are facing is the balance between  > the  > electrical engineering folks and industry members that are more interested  > in market related research . i hope to recruit more of the later so tat we  > have more of a constituency in the advisory board that sees the value of  > market related research . i already have a verbal commitment from people at  > electrabell that expressed interest in joining pserc . with members like  > electrabell and enron we will be able to support more market stem projects  > such as the one that shijie deng proposed ( not funded in this round ) .  > please  > let me know if i can do anything to facilitate the decision at enron . i am  > going to be in austin on january 19 to participate at a puct hearing and  > could come through huston for a visit . attached are some items that i  > shared  > with our pserc members and thought that you might be interested in them as  > well .  > regards , shmuel .  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : "" shmuel oren ""  > to : "" power systems engineering research center ""  > sent : tuesday , december 19 , 2000 9 : 47 am  > subject : re : pserc nuggets related to market stem  >  >  > > the following are 3 items that demonstrate the impact of pserc research  > in  > > the market stem area .  > >  > > 1 . on december 12 , i ( shmuel oren ) testified at a hearing in san  > francisco  > > before the blue ribbon panel ( chaired by alfred kahn ) for the that is  > > investigating the implications of uniform price vs . pay as bid auctions  > in  > > the california px . as part of my testimony i presented a movie produced  > by  > > tim mount and bob thomas that show results of an experimental economic  > study  > > showing how bidders respond by raising their bids in a pay as bid  > auction .  > > following is an acknowledgement i received .  > >  > > dear shmuel :  > >  > >  > > thank you for attending the blue ribbon panel this past tuesday in san  > > francisco . your presentation was very informative and valuable to all  > the  > > panel members and other participants . the panel greatly appreciates  your  > > involvement in this important project .  > >  > >  > > thanks again ,  > > natalie efland  > >  > >  > > 2 . a recent e - mail from the texas puc  > >  > > professor oren , i hope you and your family are doing well . we are  > seriously  > > considering your help and advice to facilitate the commission ' s final  > > decision regarding retail competition in ercot .  > >  > > i wanted to let you know that ercot stakeholders filled an application  > for  > > approval of the ercot protocols in november . we received comments  > including  > > list of issues on november 22 and reply comments on december 1 . staff  > will  > > draft and submit a preliminary order to the commissioners for their  > > discussion on december 13 . there will be a pre - hearing on december 15  > when  > > parties will be asked to brief the commission on list of issues by the  > end  > > of first week in january . there will be a hearing on january 16  followed  > > with another hearing if needed . parties have asked the commission to  > > finalize its decision by mid march .  > >  > > to give you some more background , i have to mention that almost most of  > your  > > suggestions were accepted and will be reflected in the final protocols ,  > > except for problems with intra - zonal gaming regarding congestion  > management  > > and pay - as - bid compensation for selected ancillary services . a few  > > additional concerns are raised regarding ancillary services and  > congestion  > > management . stakeholders are still working toward more load  > participation  > > in ercot market . however , the main problem is the fact that market  > ( pilot  > > that covers 100 % of wholesale , but only 5 % of retail load ) will be open  > on  > > june 1 , 2001 based on a version of the protocols locked on august 1 ,  > 2000 .  > > ( that was the deadline for ercot to give a final design to anderson  > > consulting . ) that version does not include some of your recommendations  > to  > > address market design flaws . the full version is highly possible to be  > > implemented by january 1 , 2002 when market for 100 % retail competition  is  > > scheduled to open . given this gap , some parties have recommended not to  > > implement incomplete protocols and wait for full implementation by  > january  > > 2002 . in other words , they say let ' s go ahead with 5 % pilot retail  load ,  > > but wait for full design implementation before allowing 100 % wholesale  > load  > > ( and retail load ) be subject to the rules of the game described in the  > final  > > protocols .  > >  > > thanks .  > >  > > parviz adib , ph . d .  > > director of market oversight division  > > public utility commission of texas  > > 1701 n . congress avenue  > > p . o . box 13326  > > austin , texas 78711 - 3326  > > ph . no . : 512 - 936 - 7365  > >  > > 3 . the following is a segment from a published summary of the dec 13  puct  > > hearing . this segment describes the commision ' s deliberation on an  agenda  > > item addressing the possibility of instituting price caps as part of the  > > ercot protocols . ( see reference to my involvement in the next to last  > > paragraph )  > >  > > docket no . 23220 - petition of the electric reliability council of  > texas  > > for approval of the ercot protocols . ( discussion and possible action )  > > parviz adib , jess totten , keith rogas , and tammy cooper  > > chairman wood turned to page 2 item number 3 of the draft order  > identifying  > > issues , recommending that the word "" including "" be changed to "" other  than ""  > in  > > the parentheses . he thinks they know the ups and downs of the two  > > mechanisms , which are bid caps and price caps , but would not mind having  > > parties focus on what other protections might be used . commissioner  > walsh  > > would say "" including , but not limited to "" because she does not think it  > is  > a  > > bad idea for ercot to at least consider in their protocols a fail - safe  > > mechanism . it ' s kind of like the stock market suspending trading when  > > something crazy happens . they could consider a maximum scenario , such  as  > > "" we don ' t think this will ever happen but if it does we need to muffle  > it "" ,  > > whether it is $ 1 , 000 or $ 99 or whatever it is . they could consider  > whether  > > to put into the protocols a self - enacting price cap . while not  expecting  > it  > > to happen , if it did , you don ' t have to declare it an emergency and have  > the  > > commission have to act . chairman wood asked if they could leave the  > > question without the parenthetical at all and just say "" what protections  > > should be added to avoid extreme price spikes . "" commissioner walsh  > > reiterated that she wants ercot to think about the unlikely possibility  > of  > > unacceptable price spikes . she would like for them to have their own  > > fail - safe mechanism that is self - initiating as opposed to leaving that  to  > > having someone have to come in and act . commissioner perlman stated  that  > he  > > thinks the california - type price caps is what the concern is about . he  > > thinks everyone in this state is opposed to those , but he thinks the  > point  > > commissioner walsh is making is an interesting one . he had not thought  > > about the circuit breaker idea , and it might have some merit . he agreed  > > that it was worth considering something like that . then the question  > > becomes what the level is . chairman wood suggested the wording "" what  > > self - implementing protections should be added to avoid the price spikes .  > > commissioner perlman said he did not think anyone is talking about $ 250  > > price caps . commissioner walsh agreed , but noted that if the unexpected  > > happens we should be prepared . commissioner perlman indicated that if  > > someone is making $ 10 , 000 in one particular hour that it probably does  > not  > b  > > enefit the market and is probably a windfall to them . it is not  > something  > > they would normally put in their business plan for determining whether  > they  > > are going to build a plant in texas . chairman wood stated that they  want  > to  > > lean toward the market as heavily as they can on these issues .  > >  > > chairman wood noted that some of these issues date back to when dr . oren  > was  > > assisting the commission , and asked if he could be brought back again .  > > staffer dr . parviz adib said that staff had already talked to dr . oren  > and  > > that he is available to assist the commission further . chairman wood  > noted  > > that dr . oren had helped people think outside the box without just  > focusing  > > on california .  > >  > > the final wording was clarified to state "" self - implementing mechanisms ""  > and  > > to delete the parenthetical part of the sentence in question . the order  > was  > > approved as amended .  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,fw pserc nuggets related market stem hi vince happy new year good hear understand busy trying balance commitments like research consortium pserc trying provide value members walking fine line cooperation competition definitely business providing proprietary research members rather working generic areas later individual members could see way convert proprietary tools work shijie deng rajnish kamat good examples trip thanks invitation already committed get back friday night save visit another time tell son spring interviews cornell hopefully time miss regards shmuel original message cc sent monday january pm subject fw pserc nuggets related market stem hello shmuel thanks message end beginning extremely busy could focus pserc issues shall consult people enron subject get touch concern right results research widely shared competition th th would work would glad cover cost austin houston trip regarding son analyst associate program interview campus spring happy interview shmuel oren pm cc dennis ray subject fw pserc nuggets related market stem hello vince happy holidays wanted connect regarding possibility enron joining pserc might heard lance alex going transition period doubled number universities industry members within last year consequently business processes well developed one problems facing balance electrical engineering folks industry members interested market related research hope recruit later tat constituency advisory board sees value market related research already verbal commitment people electrabell expressed interest joining pserc members like electrabell enron able support market stem projects one shijie deng proposed funded round please let know anything facilitate decision enron going austin january participate puct hearing could come huston visit attached items shared pserc members thought might interested well regards shmuel original message shmuel oren power systems engineering research center sent tuesday december subject pserc nuggets related market stem following items demonstrate impact pserc research market stem area december shmuel oren testified hearing san francisco blue ribbon panel chaired alfred kahn investigating implications uniform price vs pay bid auctions california px part testimony presented movie produced tim mount bob thomas show results experimental economic study showing bidders respond raising bids pay bid auction following acknowledgement received dear shmuel thank attending blue ribbon panel past tuesday san francisco presentation informative valuable panel members participants panel greatly appreciates involvement important project thanks natalie efland recent e mail texas puc professor oren hope family well seriously considering help advice facilitate commission final decision regarding retail competition ercot wanted let know ercot stakeholders filled application approval ercot protocols november received comments including list issues november reply comments december staff draft submit preliminary order commissioners discussion december pre hearing december parties asked brief commission list issues end first week january hearing january followed another hearing needed parties asked commission finalize decision mid march give background mention almost suggestions accepted reflected final protocols except problems intra zonal gaming regarding congestion management pay bid compensation selected ancillary services additional concerns raised regarding ancillary services congestion management stakeholders still working toward load participation ercot market however main problem fact market pilot covers wholesale retail load open june based version protocols locked august deadline ercot give final design anderson consulting version include recommendations address market design flaws full version highly possible implemented january market retail competition scheduled open given gap parties recommended implement incomplete protocols wait full implementation january words say let go ahead pilot retail load wait full design implementation allowing wholesale load retail load subject rules game described final protocols thanks parviz adib ph director market oversight division public utility commission texas n congress avenue p box austin texas ph following segment published summary dec puct hearing segment describes commision deliberation agenda item addressing possibility instituting price caps part ercot protocols see reference involvement next last paragraph docket petition electric reliability council texas approval ercot protocols discussion possible action parviz adib jess totten keith rogas tammy cooper chairman wood turned page item number draft order identifying issues recommending word including changed parentheses thinks know ups downs two mechanisms bid caps price caps would mind parties focus protections might used commissioner walsh would say including limited think bad idea ercot least consider protocols fail safe mechanism kind like stock market suspending trading something crazy happens could consider maximum scenario think ever happen need muffle whether whatever could consider whether put protocols self enacting price cap expecting happen declare emergency commission act chairman wood asked could leave question without parenthetical say protections added avoid extreme price spikes commissioner walsh reiterated wants ercot think unlikely possibility unacceptable price spikes would like fail safe mechanism self initiating opposed leaving someone come act commissioner perlman stated thinks california type price caps concern thinks everyone state opposed thinks point commissioner walsh making interesting one thought circuit breaker idea might merit agreed worth considering something like question becomes level chairman wood suggested wording self implementing protections added avoid price spikes commissioner perlman said think anyone talking price caps commissioner walsh agreed noted unexpected happens prepared commissioner perlman indicated someone making one particular hour probably b enefit market probably windfall something would normally put business plan determining whether going build plant texas chairman wood stated want lean toward market heavily issues chairman wood noted issues date back dr oren assisting commission asked could brought back staffer dr parviz adib said staff already talked dr oren available assist commission chairman wood noted dr oren helped people think outside box without focusing california final wording clarified state self implementing mechanisms delete parenthetical part sentence question order approved amended
Subject: earth day - trash bash  i hardly know what to say ! ! ! what a great turnout from the research  department . we had 15 including spouses and children who worked check - in  and picked up trash . thanks so much . everyone from community relations was  blown away by the turnout we had from research . i heard very nice comments  about our effort and about the fact that vince came out and worked . thanks  again for all your support . i personally appreciated it and i know everyone  else from enron that was involved in this event appreciated it because i got  so many comments about our participation . i don ' t know what else to say but  that you are a great group . anita,0,earth day trash bash hardly know say great turnout research department including spouses children worked check picked trash thanks much everyone community relations blown away turnout research heard nice comments effort fact vince came worked thanks support personally appreciated know everyone else enron involved event appreciated got many comments participation know else say great group anita
"Subject: re : d - g energy  great . i still haven ' t heard back from them regarding our escrow agreement  butn hope to soon . if not , i will call .  laine",0,g energy great still heard back regarding escrow agreement butn hope soon call laine
"Subject: re : outage tracker option and background  karl ,  thanks a lot . i have passed this information to grant masson  who worked here on a related problem .  he will get in touch with you regarding this technology .  vince  karl tomlinson @ enron _ development  07 / 24 / 2000 06 : 00 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : outage tracker option and background  vince ,  to follow up on the idea of a means for effectively tracking instantanious  plant faliure utilising either system frequency or connection point voltage .  the system frequency phase shift across a network will probably be the best  option as this would allow alll significant deviations to be tracked along  with relative network performance from a few points .  i am currently chasing nemmco ( au system operator ) to get hold of a few weeks  of 4 second metering data for the whole system to see if there is enough  measurement consistency to prove one of the ideas .  the idea follows along the lines ( literally ! ) that when a unit fails it will  introduce a shock into the system and reduce system frequency , which is then  reacted to by frequency control services offered in by generators . the drop  in frequency is noticable across the whole network and as one option may  change the phase shift across the whole grid . the phase shift across the  network is constantly changing due to loads and power factor correctrion  devices switching on and off , however a unit failure may be distinct .  the second option relates to how a unit fails , whereby if a circuit breaker  is involved as in the case of uncontrolled shutdowns , then the outage will  cause an rf pulse that should propogate across some of the network .  transformers will attenuate the pulse , however it should be detectable many  miles away from the fault location . measure the arrival time at several point  on the network , work out the shift and backtrack on the network . part of the  solution is already proven in lightning trackers . the solution may be made  more simple by detecting the exact point on the sinewave that the unit failed  ( i . e . measuring the three phases at lmhz and then sending the data through a  dsp ) . this solution is more complex , however this should allow unit failure  to be pinpointed to a station . the timing base for each of the nodes may be  sourced from gps timing , self locating at the same time !  will send you some links and documents for potentail hardware and setups .  karl .",0,outage tracker option background karl thanks lot passed information grant masson worked related problem get touch regarding technology vince karl tomlinson enron development pm vince j kaminski ect cc subject outage tracker option background vince follow idea means effectively tracking instantanious plant faliure utilising either system frequency connection point voltage system frequency phase shift across network probably best option would allow alll significant deviations tracked along relative network performance points currently chasing nemmco au system operator get hold weeks second metering data whole system see enough measurement consistency prove one ideas idea follows along lines literally unit fails introduce shock system reduce system frequency reacted frequency control services offered generators drop frequency noticable across whole network one option may change phase shift across whole grid phase shift across network constantly changing due loads power factor correctrion devices switching however unit failure may distinct second option relates unit fails whereby circuit breaker involved case uncontrolled shutdowns outage cause rf pulse propogate across network transformers attenuate pulse however detectable many miles away fault location measure arrival time several point network work shift backtrack network part solution already proven lightning trackers solution may made simple detecting exact point sinewave unit failed e measuring three phases lmhz sending data dsp solution complex however allow unit failure pinpointed station timing base nodes may sourced gps timing self locating time send links documents potentail hardware setups karl
"Subject: re : dr . bernard loyd at mckinsey ( agriculture )  hi ,  thanks for the document on your practice . i forwarded it to the  relevant parties .  they will take a look at it and get back to me when they wish to take  the next steps with you and your colleagues at mckinsey .  regards ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : @ enron  sent : wednesday , march 07 , 2001 11 : 28 am  to : mack , iris  subject : re : dr . bernard loyd at mckinsey ( agriculture )  below is some material on the practice . b  to : bernard _ loyd @ mckinsey . com  03 / 07 / 2001 cc :  10 : 21 am subject : re : dr . bernard loyd at  mckinsey  ( agriculture )  hi ,  thanks for your prompt response . my colleagues would indeed like to  chat with you about the agriculture industry some time in the future .  can we touch bases in a few weeks .  in the mean time , do you have any materials you can forward to us  about mckinsey ' s agriculture group ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : @ enron  sent : wednesday , march 07 , 2001 2 : 17 am  to : mack , iris  subject : re : iris mack at enron  hey iris ,  great to hear from you and welcome back stateside ! i would be delighted  to  meet with you and your colleagues .  bernard  margot tyler  03 / 06 / 2001 to : bernard  02 : 41 pm loyd / chi / northamerica / mckinsey  cc :  subject : re : iris mack at  enron  - - - - - forwarded by margot tyler / chi / northamerica / mckinsey on 03 / 06 / 2001  02 : 41 pm - - - - -  to :  margot _ tyler @ mckinsey . com  03 / 06 / 2001 cc :  02 : 27 pm subject : re : message for  bernard  hi again ,  i had lunch today with some of the guys in my group who work on  agriculture - related deals and on weather derivatives .  i mentioned to them about bernard ' s working at mckinsey and  specializing in the agriculture area .  we thought it might be worthwhile if we all had a chat and / or  met  to discuss possible collaborative efforts .  will you please forward this email on to bernard to see if this  might be of interest to him ?  thanks ,  iris  | this message may contain confidential and / or privileged |  | information . if you are not the addressee or authorized to |  | receive this for the addressee , you must not use , copy , |  | disclose or take any action based on this message or any |  | information herein . if you have received this message in |  | error , please advise the sender immediately by reply e - mail |  | and delete this message . thank you for your cooperation . |  | this message may contain confidential and / or privileged |  | information . if you are not the addressee or authorized to |  | receive this for the addressee , you must not use , copy , |  | disclose or take any action based on this message or any |  | information herein . if you have received this message in |  | error , please advise the sender immediately by reply e - mail |  | and delete this message . thank you for your cooperation . |  - afc qual pack . zip >",0,dr bernard loyd mckinsey agriculture hi thanks document practice forwarded relevant parties take look get back wish take next steps colleagues mckinsey regards iris original message enron sent wednesday march mack iris subject dr bernard loyd mckinsey agriculture material practice b bernard loyd mckinsey com cc subject dr bernard loyd mckinsey agriculture hi thanks prompt response colleagues would indeed like chat agriculture industry time future touch bases weeks mean time materials forward us mckinsey agriculture group thanks iris original message enron sent wednesday march mack iris subject iris mack enron hey iris great hear welcome back stateside would delighted meet colleagues bernard margot tyler bernard pm loyd chi northamerica mckinsey cc subject iris mack enron forwarded margot tyler chi northamerica mckinsey pm margot tyler mckinsey com cc pm subject message bernard hi lunch today guys group work agriculture related deals weather derivatives mentioned bernard working mckinsey specializing agriculture area thought might worthwhile chat met discuss possible collaborative efforts please forward email bernard see might interest thanks iris message may contain confidential privileged information addressee authorized receive addressee must use copy disclose take action based message information herein received message error please advise sender immediately reply e mail delete message thank cooperation message may contain confidential privileged information addressee authorized receive addressee must use copy disclose take action based message information herein received message error please advise sender immediately reply e mail delete message thank cooperation afc qual pack zip
"Subject: re : book cover  habiba ,  thanks for this , but i haven ' t heard a peep out of them yet , and i ' m  concerned since the book and cover are going to print in about a week . ? is  it possible for me to contact them ?  ?  thanks ,  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : habiba . bayi @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  sent : wednesday , september 27 , 2000 2 : 46 pm  subject : re : book cover  julie ,  i have forwarded your e : mails and information to london . ? they now have  responsibility for this project and they would be making the necessary  decisions . ? i have given them your contact information so that they can  coordinate efforts with you .  thank you .  habiba  "" julie "" on 09 / 27 / 2000 08 : 21 : 54 am  to : ? ?  cc :  subject : ? book cover  habiba ,  could you please let us know if we can use the book cover on our web ? page ?  we would like to put this on our web site next week .  please let us know .  thanks ,  julie",0,book cover habiba thanks heard peep yet concerned since book cover going print week possible contact thanks julie original message habiba bayi enron com julie lacima co uk sent wednesday september pm subject book cover julie forwarded e mails information london responsibility project would making necessary decisions given contact information coordinate efforts thank habiba julie cc subject book cover habiba could please let us know use book cover web page would like put web site next week please let us know thanks julie
"Subject: viagra is it the right medication for you !  welcome to the beginning of your sexual life using viagra !  money can ' t buy you happiness , but poverty can ' t buy you anything .  we ' ll either hang together or we ' ll hang separately .  to him that you tell your secret you resign your liberty .  unlike human beings , computers possess the truly profound stupidity of the inanimate .",1,viagra right medication welcome beginning sexual life using viagra money buy happiness poverty buy anything either hang together hang separately tell secret resign liberty unlike human beings computers possess truly profound stupidity inanimate
"Subject: hea sporting clays tourney - august 15 , 2000  this member favorite is just a few weeks away , and there ' s still time for you  to register and be eligible for the private drawing for a remington 1187 !  just send in your form and payment by august 1 , and remember you must be  present to win !  the sporting clays committee and hea want to thank this year ' s sponsors to  date and encourage other companies to participate if possible . if you ' d like  to join this elite list , contact jim cody ( 713 / 230 - 3550 ) , t . kemp jones  ( 713 / 207 - 5189 ) or jeff eatherton ( 713 / 529 - 5247 ) .  duke field services ; coral energy / tejas energy ; sanchez oil el  paso field services ; reliant energy gas transmission ; reliant energy field  services ; mitchell gas services ; coastal field services ; and reliant energy  pipeline services . the continued success of this tournament through the  enhanced quality of the prizes , dinner and services are made affordable only  through your contributions and we appreciate your support !  other door prizes this year include a browning citori and several other  guns ! all prizes will be awarded during dinner in the air conditioned  pavilion . the two man flush will be shot from a newly covered deck , and  other areas on the courses have been covered as well .  so visit the website , www . houstonenergy . org , and fill out a registration  form under "" next event "" . that ' s august 15 at the american shooting centers  ( 16500 westheimer parkway ) , and choose between 50 and 100 targets . even  non - shooters can come out , eat dinner , have some drinks and possibly win a  door prize and have lots of fun . if you have other questions , contact eva  pollard at 713 / 651 - 0551 .  this message was sent by :  teresa knight , executive director  houston energy association ( hea )  phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551  fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424  tknight @ houstonenergy . org  if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list ,  please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a  mini - form to remove your name automatically .  http : / / www . houstonenergy . org /",0,hea sporting clays tourney august member favorite weeks away still time register eligible private drawing remington send form payment august remember must present win sporting clays committee hea want thank year sponsors date encourage companies participate possible like join elite list contact jim cody kemp jones jeff eatherton duke field services coral energy tejas energy sanchez oil el paso field services reliant energy gas transmission reliant energy field services mitchell gas services coastal field services reliant energy pipeline services continued success tournament enhanced quality prizes dinner services made affordable contributions appreciate support door prizes year include browning citori several guns prizes awarded dinner air conditioned pavilion two man flush shot newly covered deck areas courses covered well visit website www houstonenergy org fill registration form next event august american shooting centers westheimer parkway choose targets even non shooters come eat dinner drinks possibly win door prize lots fun questions contact eva pollard message sent teresa knight executive director houston energy association hea phone fax tknight houstonenergy org would like email address removed mailing list please click link hea home page find mini form remove name automatically http www houstonenergy org
"Subject: looking for a specific medication ? let us know what you need !  healthy living for everyday life .  we rarely confide in those who are better than we are .  the words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels .  ignore the awful times , and concentrate on the good ones .  man is free in his imagination , but bound by his reason .",1,looking specific medication let us know need healthy living everyday life rarely confide better words enlighten soul precious jewels ignore awful times concentrate good ones man free imagination bound reason
"Subject: re : march real options conference  gary , peter ,  this is a copy of my london presentation . i expect to  make some minor changes to this presentation for march 13 .  vince  vince kaminski  "" jackson , gary l . "" on 02 / 27 / 2000 03 : 07 : 13 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , "" ' peter tufano ' ""  cc : "" demars , suzanne ""  subject : re : march real options conference  >  this is a draft of what i was thinking of presenting . i was not planning to  go over any specific options or opas ( these are covered by confidentiality  clauses and i have to be careful from a competitive standpoint ) but to give  the audience a few of the "" real world "" applications and challenges . i  welcome any thoughts or comments .  gary  > - - - - - - - - - -  > from : peter tufano [ smtp : ptufano @ hbs . edu ]  > sent : friday , february 18 , 2000 4 : 56 pm  > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com ; gljackson 2 @ tva . gov  > subject : re : march real options conference  >  > dear vince and gary ,  >  > we are all speaking at the march real options session in ny . my work in  > real options in the energy field has come , to a large part , from my  > casewriting in your two organizations , so i feel that we should probably  > allocate more time toward your presentations and less to mine . while we  > have a two hour block among the three of us , i think we can freely  > re - arrange things to produce the best result . would you two like to  > schedule a brief conference call to coordinate our talks ? i am free  > virtually all of next wednesday 2 / 23 , perhaps we could talk at 10 am ( est )  > or 2 pm ( est ) ? i am happy to arrange the call , if you send me your phone  > numbers . thanks .  >  > peter tufano  >  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > prof . peter tufano  > harvard business school  > morgan hall 377  > soldiers field  > boston , massachusetts 02163  > phone : ( 617 ) 495 - 6855  > fax : ( 617 ) 496 - 6592  > email : ptufano @ hbs . edu  > http : / / www . people . hbs . edu / ptufano  >  - real options valuation in the new economy . ppt",0,march real options conference gary peter copy london presentation expect make minor changes presentation march vince vince kaminski jackson gary l pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect peter tufano cc demars suzanne subject march real options conference draft thinking presenting planning go specific options opas covered confidentiality clauses careful competitive standpoint give audience real world applications challenges welcome thoughts comments gary peter tufano smtp ptufano hbs edu sent friday february pm vkamins ect enron com gljackson tva gov subject march real options conference dear vince gary speaking march real options session ny work real options energy field come large part casewriting two organizations feel probably allocate time toward presentations less mine two hour block among three us think freely arrange things produce best result would two like schedule brief conference call coordinate talks free virtually next wednesday perhaps could talk est pm est happy arrange call send phone numbers thanks peter tufano prof peter tufano harvard business school morgan hall soldiers field boston massachusetts phone fax email ptufano hbs edu http www people hbs edu ptufano real options valuation new economy ppt
Subject: it was great talking with you .  dave  - brochure . doc  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  prof . david ikenberry  jones graduate school of management  rice university  713 - 348 - 5385,0,great talking dave brochure doc prof david ikenberry jones graduate school management rice university
Subject: secretly record all internet activity on any computer . . . c  find out who they are chatting / e - mailing with all those hours !  is your spouse cheating online ?  are your kids talking to dangerous people on instant messenger ?  find out now ! - with big brother instant software download .  click on this link now to see actual screenshots and to order !  to be excluded from future contacts please visit :  http : / / 213 . 139 . 76 . 69 / php / remove . php  jthomason,1,secretly record internet activity computer c find chatting e mailing hours spouse cheating online kids talking dangerous people instant messenger find big brother instant software download click link see actual screenshots order excluded future contacts please visit http php remove php jthomason
"Subject: new position ( sam smith )  norma ,  the need for a new position within the research group has evolved along with  our expanding responsibilities , and we would like to fill that position with  an already on - board employee familiar with same , that person being william  ( sam ) smith .  the new position created it that for a staff specialist , who would be  responsible for technical duties including evaluation and quality control of  weather forecasting procedures , design and preparation of the research  intelligence intelligence newsletter , operational responsibilities related to  morning report assembly , and hurricane season surveillance as well as  satellite system supervision . .  we would like to make this retroactive to january lst of this year .  - - - mike roberts",0,new position sam smith norma need new position within research group evolved along expanding responsibilities would like fill position already board employee familiar person william sam smith new position created staff specialist would responsible technical duties including evaluation quality control weather forecasting procedures design preparation research intelligence intelligence newsletter operational responsibilities related morning report assembly hurricane season surveillance well satellite system supervision would like make retroactive january lst year mike roberts
"Subject: copiers on 19  hi iain :  got a questions for you ? we have a small copier in our research area  ( a minolta cspro ) that stays on the blink somewhere , quite a bit of the  time . the temporary copier in 19 kl is a kodak image source 50 . what  is the difference in price of these two copiers ? is there any way we could  exchange the minolta for the image source when you bring our permanent  copier to 19 kl ?  please let me know . we would like to do that if we can and it is not too much  more money .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley  3 - 5290",0,copiers hi iain got questions small copier research area minolta cspro stays blink somewhere quite bit time temporary copier kl kodak image source difference price two copiers way could exchange minolta image source bring permanent copier kl please let know would like much money thanks great day shirley
"Subject: names  bryan ,  the person from citibank :  alla gil , ( 212 ) 723 6275  alla . gil @ ssmb . com  i am attaching the resume of iris mack .  vince",0,names bryan person citibank alla gil alla gil ssmb com attaching resume iris mack vince
"Subject: yen outlook  vince ,  as a followup to our meeting with david port and rudi zipter re enron ' s investment in sk - enron , maureen and i wrote the attached position paper on the japanese yen . as we have discussed , the volatility of the won closely tracks fluctuation in the yen , and this yen position paper is intended to complement the won outlook piece for a broader perspective on currencies that takes into account the yen ' s influence on asian currencies . .  we would like to distribute this outlook to david and rudi , but wanted to send it to you for initial reaction prior to internal distribution .  thank you , and let me know if you have any questions or comments re the attached .  gwyn",0,yen outlook vince followup meeting david port rudi zipter enron investment sk enron maureen wrote attached position paper japanese yen discussed volatility closely tracks fluctuation yen yen position paper intended complement outlook piece broader perspective currencies takes account yen influence asian currencies would like distribute outlook david rudi wanted send initial reaction prior internal distribution thank let know questions comments attached gwyn
"Subject: interview - credit derivatives  ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? dear vince :  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? thank you for the invitation yesterday . it was a pleasure to meet  you all and learn more about the group , it ' s structure and to some extent  what you are involved in . please extend my thanks to all of them .  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? i am particularly interested in the credit swap trading platform  that enron has recently started . such a platform will provide unique  visibility into the credit markets . as you suggested i tried to learn more  about this from tanya . ? i would like to learn more and if possible meet other  people more directly linked to the effort .  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? just simple instruments like credit swaps will require serious  modelling capability for the pricing and the hedging of these apparently  simple intruments . the market visibility i mention above can be explored  through credit derivatives trading successfully if enron possesses superior  ( vis a vis morgan stanley , salomon smith barney , chase manhatan ,  etc . ) ? modelling technology in credit derivatives . i can and would like  to ? consider the possibility of doing this for enron . i would like to help  develop and participate in putting together that business .  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? as i mentioned to you i have done some work in credit derivatives  and am deeply familiar with virtually all the work of the principal  academics in credit derivatives namely : duffie , lando , tuffano , duffee , das ,  lelland , etc . i have read carefully most of their work ( published as well as  working papers ) on the subject to date .  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? i look forward to hearing from you .  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? best regards  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? joao",0,interview credit derivatives dear vince thank invitation yesterday pleasure meet learn group structure extent involved please extend thanks particularly interested credit swap trading platform enron recently started platform provide unique visibility credit markets suggested tried learn tanya would like learn possible meet people directly linked effort simple instruments like credit swaps require serious modelling capability pricing hedging apparently simple intruments market visibility mention explored credit derivatives trading successfully enron possesses superior vis vis morgan stanley salomon smith barney chase manhatan etc modelling technology credit derivatives would like consider possibility enron would like help develop participate putting together business mentioned done work credit derivatives deeply familiar virtually work principal academics credit derivatives namely duffie lando tuffano duffee das lelland etc read carefully work published well working papers subject date look forward hearing best regards joao
"Subject: do vidzenija !  vince ,  today is the last day of my internship here this summer . i have had a  terrific summer . thank you so much for all of your support ! i have talked  with my supervisor from this group and i am pleased that he feels strongly  and positively about my performance . of course , my job decision is a very  important one for me and as i consider job offers in the upcoming months , a  variety of factors will be influencing my choice . certainly one of them will  be the positive experiece i have had with enron . but regardless of my  decision in future , i am so glad that i have had the opportunity to glimpse  into enron ' s business and culture . i have met some amazing people here , and  my experience with enron is something i will always take with me whereever i  go .  i hope to hear from you again . please feel free to contact me at any time .  my email remains : vngo @ rice . edu and i will leave shirley my phone number as  soon as i know it !  deepest regards ,  van",0,vidzenija vince today last day internship summer terrific summer thank much support talked supervisor group pleased feels strongly positively performance course job decision important one consider job offers upcoming months variety factors influencing choice certainly one positive experiece enron regardless decision future glad opportunity glimpse enron business culture met amazing people experience enron something always take whereever go hope hear please feel free contact time email remains vngo rice edu leave shirley phone number soon know deepest regards van
"Subject: re : off site with john griebling ' s optical network engineers  ravi ,  sounds good .  vince  ravi thuraisingham @ enron communications on 03 / 06 / 2000 12 : 44 : 08 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince kaminski  cc :  subject : re : off site with john griebling ' s optical network engineers  john can ' t do it till after april 10 th . so we will shoot for april 13 , etc .  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 06 / 00 12 : 32  pm - - - - -  john _ griebling @ palm . net  03 / 02 / 00 09 : 58 am  please respond to john _ griebling  to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : re : off site with john griebling ' s optical network engineers  i won ' t be available until after april 10 th .  ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net wrote on 3 / 1 / 00 12 : 29 :  hi shirley , please give me a few dates form end of march to first week  in april  to do an offsite for vince ' s direct reports ( including myself ) and  selected ebs  research people . this includes , vince direct report from our research  group and  the following people fr",0,site john griebling optical network engineers ravi sounds good vince ravi thuraisingham enron communications pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince kaminski cc subject site john griebling optical network engineers john till april th shoot april etc ravi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications pm john griebling palm net please respond john griebling ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications cc subject site john griebling optical network engineers available april th ravi thuraisingham enron net wrote hi shirley please give dates form end march first week april offsite vince direct reports including selected ebs research people includes vince direct report research group following people fr
"Subject: sokolov eis expenses  hi kevin :  i was out of the office on thursday and friday . i have discussed this with  vince kaminski and he says the charges are correct . jason sokolov  reports to tanya tamarchenko in the research group and all of their  costs are charged to rac .  if you need further verification , please contact vince kaminski at 3 - 3848 .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  3 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001  07 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anita dupont @ enron  03 / 15 / 2001 05 : 20 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : sokolov eis expenses  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 03 / 15 / 2001 05 : 14  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : kevin jolly / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 14 / 2001 01 : 38 pm  to : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : sokolov eis expenses  anita , the other day i called you to get jason sokolov ' s cost center . some  of his eis expenses ( market data , long distance ) for jan and feb 2001 were  charged to the enron corp . rac cost center . in order for our accountants to  reclass the expenses , we need your approval that the expenses can be moved .  if this is okay , just reply back and let me know .  see the attached files for the detail of the expenses to be moved for jan and  feb .  thanks for your help ,  kevin",0,sokolov eis expenses hi kevin office thursday friday discussed vince kaminski says charges correct jason sokolov reports tanya tamarchenko research group costs charged rac need verification please contact vince kaminski thanks shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect anita dupont enron pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect subject sokolov eis expenses forwarded anita dupont na enron pm kevin jolly enron enronxgate pm anita dupont na enron enron cc subject sokolov eis expenses anita day called get jason sokolov cost center eis expenses market data long distance jan feb charged enron corp rac cost center order accountants reclass expenses need approval expenses moved okay reply back let know see attached files detail expenses moved jan feb thanks help kevin
"Subject: ameriflash newsletter  michell vitrella called and wanted to know if the "" research group "" would  like to submit an article for the next issue of the ena newsletter  ( "" ameriflash )  they need to have the article by tomorrow .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000  10 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : michelle vitrella 10 / 24 / 2000 09 : 53 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ameriflash newsletter  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michelle vitrella / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000  09 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : ena public relations @ enron 10 / 19 / 2000  08 : 25 pm  sent by : enron announcements @ enron  to : all _ ena _ egm _ eim  cc :  subject : ameriflash newsletter  note from mark frevert  with the wide and varied activities of our three organizations , we created  this e - mail newsletter to keep everyone better informed about our various  businesses . i hope you find it informative and more importantly , that you  will use this newsletter to help spread the word about the successes in your  group .  to provide content for future e - mails , contact michelle vitrella in our  public relations group via e - mail or call her at ext . 3 - 9767 . communication  is one of the core enron values and i believe this is a great way to improve  communication across our wholesale businesses .  additionally , i would like to again encourage everyone to take a few minutes  to complete  & the pulse  8 survey . this annual survey regarding the work  experience at enron and how we can make it better is an important part of the  two - way communication process at enron . please go to the enron intranet and  type survey . enron . com . it only takes a few minutes , it  , s confidential and  your comments will help make enron a better place to work .  business highlights  natural gas  middle marketing  , s biggest trade of the year so far occurred this month . the  significant transaction was a five year , multimillion dollar restructuring  with a subsidiary of formosa plastics , one of the world  , s largest producers  of polyvinyl chloride .  additionally , continental airlines , the fifth largest us carrier , has hedged  a considerable amount ( 1 . 2 million barrels / month ) of crude oil . winter  nymex hedges were put in place for the undisputed heavyweight chip champ of  the world , frito lay .  pulp & paper  with the acquisition of garden state paper and launch of clickpaper . com ,  enron is creating an efficient spot physical market for pulp and paper  commodities . buyers and sellers will benefit from improved price  transparency and reliability and access to enron  , s online financial markets .  improved price transparency and the ability to imbed financial derivatives  into physical trading flows will facilitate the growth of enron  , s trading  business . to date , clickpaper . com has traded over 1 millions tons of pulp  and paper product with a notional value of over $ 675 million .  upstream origination  upstream origination , headed by julie gomez and jean mrha , focuses on natural  gas products to optimize commercial value associated with the natural gas  grid on the continent and in the gulf of mexico ( gom ) . through products such  as storage , electric compression and producer services & outsourcing , ena  creates value for its customers and reconfigures the natural gas  infrastructure to be more efficient . in addition , upstream origination  transactions exploit the unique relationship between development of strategic  assets through sophisticated financing structures and the utilization of the  market information created by those assets .   & the pulse  8 survey results  as of wednesday , october 18 , the total responses to  & the pulse  8 from  ena / egm / eim are 689 . this is approximately 30 % of all employees . since our  goal is a 100 % response rate , we have a long way to go ! please take a few  minutes to log on and give enron your thoughts . the pulse is located at  survey . enron . com on the enron intranet page .  if you like competition , here are the results by group :  commercial - origination 131  energy operations 126  risk management and trading 106  other / none of the above 91  bus . analysis & rep . / fin . ops . 90  legal 46  gas assets 37  human resources 30  tax 18  technology / it 14  welcome  transferred into ena / eim / egm  ena - kathleen neal / hr , suzanne kelly / infocentral , tobias monk / finance direct  eim - eric connor / industrial energy group  egm - eric calub / global product mgmt  new hires ena / eim / egm  ena - lance cunningham / cts research , anita dupont / cts research , yvette  hales / gas logistics  ) east , angela howell / equity trading , farid mithani / power  risk - credit  egm - heather purcell / enron global markets  in the news   & no company illustrates the transformative power of innovation more  dramatically than enron . over the past decade enron  , s commitment to the  invention  * and later domination  * of new business categories has taken it from a  $ 200 million old - economy pipeline operator to a $ 40 billion new - economy  trading powerhouse .  8  from  & the world  , s most admired companies ,  8 fortune , monday , october 2  nuggets & notes   & what  , s the message we  , re trying to get across ?  8  ) ray bowen , coo eim   & i  , m not a micro - manager  8 - john lavorato , coo ena   & make it so , number one  8  ) jeff shankman , coo egm  contest  enron is  & the most innovative company  8 based on fortune magazine  , s most  admired survey . ena public relations is ready to put enron north america ,  industrial markets and global markets to the test . we need your creative  minds to help name the new electronic newsletter we now call ameriflash . put  on your thinking caps and submit your ideas for a new name to  michelle . vitrella @ enron . com . the ena public relations team will narrow the  list to the top ten and then send it to our official judge , mark frevert , to  make the final decision . the winner will receive a gift certificate to any  pappas restaurant . good luck !",0,ameriflash newsletter michell vitrella called wanted know research group would like submit article next issue ena newsletter ameriflash need article tomorrow thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect michelle vitrella shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject ameriflash newsletter forwarded michelle vitrella hou ect pm enron north america corp ena public relations enron pm sent enron announcements enron ena egm eim cc subject ameriflash newsletter note mark frevert wide varied activities three organizations created e mail newsletter keep everyone better informed various businesses hope find informative importantly use newsletter help spread word successes group provide content future e mails contact michelle vitrella public relations group via e mail call ext communication one core enron values believe great way improve communication across wholesale businesses additionally would like encourage everyone take minutes complete pulse survey annual survey regarding work experience enron make better important part two way communication process enron please go enron intranet type survey enron com takes minutes confidential comments help make enron better place work business highlights natural gas middle marketing biggest trade year far occurred month significant transaction five year multimillion dollar restructuring subsidiary formosa plastics one world largest producers polyvinyl chloride additionally continental airlines fifth largest us carrier hedged considerable amount million barrels month crude oil winter nymex hedges put place undisputed heavyweight chip champ world frito lay pulp paper acquisition garden state paper launch clickpaper com enron creating efficient spot physical market pulp paper commodities buyers sellers benefit improved price transparency reliability access enron online financial markets improved price transparency ability imbed financial derivatives physical trading flows facilitate growth enron trading business date clickpaper com traded millions tons pulp paper product notional value million upstream origination upstream origination headed julie gomez jean mrha focuses natural gas products optimize commercial value associated natural gas grid continent gulf mexico gom products storage electric compression producer services outsourcing ena creates value customers reconfigures natural gas infrastructure efficient addition upstream origination transactions exploit unique relationship development strategic assets sophisticated financing structures utilization market information created assets pulse survey results wednesday october total responses pulse ena egm eim approximately employees since goal response rate long way go please take minutes log give enron thoughts pulse located survey enron com enron intranet page like competition results group commercial origination energy operations risk management trading none bus analysis rep fin ops legal gas assets human resources tax technology welcome transferred ena eim egm ena kathleen neal hr suzanne kelly infocentral tobias monk finance direct eim eric connor industrial energy group egm eric calub global product mgmt new hires ena eim egm ena lance cunningham cts research anita dupont cts research yvette hales gas logistics east angela howell equity trading farid mithani power risk credit egm heather purcell enron global markets news company illustrates transformative power innovation dramatically enron past decade enron commitment invention later domination new business categories taken million old economy pipeline operator billion new economy trading powerhouse world admired companies fortune monday october nuggets notes message trying get across ray bowen coo eim micro manager john lavorato coo ena make number one jeff shankman coo egm contest enron innovative company based fortune magazine admired survey ena public relations ready put enron north america industrial markets global markets test need creative minds help name new electronic newsletter call ameriflash put thinking caps submit ideas new name michelle vitrella enron com ena public relations team narrow list top ten send official judge mark frevert make final decision winner receive gift certificate pappas restaurant good luck
"Subject: slides for jeff ' s presentation  all requested slides and updates , including raw data and calculations , are in  the spreadsheet below  volatility calculations are up to december 8 , 2000 .  - hector",0,slides jeff presentation requested slides updates including raw data calculations spreadsheet volatility calculations december hector
Subject: hi  how to save on your medlcatlons over primarily 70 % .  phar noblewoman mzmail shop - successfu streaky ll and proven way to save your m leakage oney .  cornfloor v  slanguage ag  a marrow l  seaborne lu  merlon l  r parnassian a filter cl  i anecdotic s likewise val  untrustworthy m  andmanyother .  * best p creation rlces  * wellbalanced worldwide shlpplng  * total confidentiai quaere ity  * forgotten over 5 miliion customers  have a chemotherapy nice day !,1,hi save medlcatlons primarily phar noblewoman mzmail shop successfu streaky proven way save leakage oney cornfloor v slanguage ag marrow l seaborne lu merlon l r parnassian filter cl anecdotic likewise val untrustworthy andmanyother best p creation rlces wellbalanced worldwide shlpplng total confidentiai quaere ity forgotten miliion customers chemotherapy nice day
"Subject: re : lng may 19 decision  john ,  yes . i have additional info about this transaction .  vince  john sherriff  05 / 16 / 2000 10 : 47 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : lng may 19 decision  thanks vince - i understand we are on at lpm your time today to review this .  john  vince j kaminski  16 / 05 / 2000 14 : 48  to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : lng may 19 decision  john ,  sorry for the confusion .  this is a second tanker on which very few details  are available . the lng group is working as we speak  to provide some information for joe sutton before  his departure for paris this ( tuesday ) afternoon .  there is no dash on this 2 nd tanker yet . i asked dave gorte  on monday to send me one and was not told that  he can provide me with the mystic lady dash as the closest  substitute .  vince  john sherriff  05 / 16 / 2000 12 : 20 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : lng may 19 decision  vince - thanks for the update . what i am not sure of is what if any decision  has to be  made on may 19 . it seems to me that the mystic lady and elba island deals  have already  been approved and executed - but it is quite likely i am missing a detail or  two .  john  vince j kaminski  15 / 05 / 2000 17 : 14  to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , david gorte / hou / ect @ ect , rick  buy / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : lng may 19 decision  john ,  this is the update on what i have done for the lng transactions .  1 . i was not involved in the lng ship project . i shall read the dash  and give you my comments . without looking at the details , i think that the  decision  to charter a tanker removes one significant risk we have at the elba island  project ( please , see point 2 ) .  2 . elba island . i am working with doug rotenberbg , brad hitch , scott earnest  ( sally beck ' s organization ) and rac to set up the book for the elba island  transaction . the next step  will be to expand the book to capture all the enron ' s lng - related positions  in one place and  to look for natural risk offsets and possible hedges . a working group is  meeting to close a few  remaining gaps tomorrow ( tuesday ) at 8 : 30 .  a few comments on the book design and my view of the project :  a . the current thinking is that lng will be sourced for the elba island  facility  by buying marginal cargos on the fob basis . marginal cargos will represent  supply from excess capacity that has not been committed under long - term  contracts or became available due to some short - term frictions .  the fob cargos are typically selling at a significant discount to the  long - term  contract prices . the economics of the deal , as represented by the book we are  setting up , will reflect the assumption that not only we can locate marginal  cargos  but that we shall be able to do it on a regular basis , arranging shipping and  coordinating  the facility schedule and natural gas transactions in the us . in other words ,  we have a significant logistical and operational risk in this transaction .  b . the transaction will cover the period of 17 years ( with an extension  option of  5 years ) . even if we can lock - in the lng volumes over this time period , we  have no ability to lock - in the other side of the spread ( us gas prices ) for  such a long tenor . this is  essentially a tolling transaction with exposure to the lng - nat gas spread  and  i would not recommend locking - in only one leg of the spread .  one solution would be to cover , let ' s say , 50 % of he lng volumes for the  first  5 years and lock - in the nat gas side on the us market side .  c . the book we are setting up will be based on many managerial assumptions  regarding sources of lng , shipping rates , schedules , etc . i would set up a  big prudence reserve  in case we mark it to market .  d . my group will work on valuation of some options we have in the elba island  deal  ( that are good for enron ) and on the hedging strategy for the lng positions .  long - term lng contracts are typically based on the japanese crude cocktail  that  correlates very well with brent .  vince  john sherriff  05 / 14 / 2000 01 : 40 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lauren urquhart / lon / ect @ ect  subject : lng may 19 decision  vince  i haven ' t spoken to you for awhile but hope the world is treating you well .  anyway with greg moving to his  new role i have ( i hope only temporarily ) staff trading oversight for the  eastern hemishere plus lng .  i understand that your group is taking a first cut at developing curves for  lng and lng ship values . i also understand  that another lng ship decision is on the dockets for may 19 ( not very far  away ) . anway i understand this  is a big decision but i still have gotten very little info yet . can you  please let me know where you stand now ?  i will ask my assistant lauren to set up a time that i can speak with you in  the next couple of days and if you  have anything for me to review before then she can get it faxed to me as well .  look forward to connecting with you vince .  john",0,lng may decision john yes additional info transaction vince john sherriff vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject lng may decision thanks vince understand lpm time today review john vince j kaminski john sherriff lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject lng may decision john sorry confusion second tanker details available lng group working speak provide information joe sutton departure paris tuesday afternoon dash nd tanker yet asked dave gorte monday send one told provide mystic lady dash closest substitute vince john sherriff vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject lng may decision vince thanks update sure decision made may seems mystic lady elba island deals already approved executed quite likely missing detail two john vince j kaminski john sherriff lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect david gorte hou ect ect rick buy hou ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect subject lng may decision john update done lng transactions involved lng ship project shall read dash give comments without looking details think decision charter tanker removes one significant risk elba island project please see point elba island working doug rotenberbg brad hitch scott earnest sally beck organization rac set book elba island transaction next step expand book capture enron lng related positions one place look natural risk offsets possible hedges working group meeting close remaining gaps tomorrow tuesday comments book design view project current thinking lng sourced elba island facility buying marginal cargos fob basis marginal cargos represent supply excess capacity committed long term contracts became available due short term frictions fob cargos typically selling significant discount long term contract prices economics deal represented book setting reflect assumption locate marginal cargos shall able regular basis arranging shipping coordinating facility schedule natural gas transactions us words significant logistical operational risk transaction b transaction cover period years extension option years even lock lng volumes time period ability lock side spread us gas prices long tenor essentially tolling transaction exposure lng nat gas spread would recommend locking one leg spread one solution would cover let say lng volumes first years lock nat gas side us market side c book setting based many managerial assumptions regarding sources lng shipping rates schedules etc would set big prudence reserve case mark market group work valuation options elba island deal good enron hedging strategy lng positions long term lng contracts typically based japanese crude cocktail correlates well brent vince john sherriff vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc lauren urquhart lon ect ect subject lng may decision vince spoken awhile hope world treating well anyway greg moving new role hope temporarily staff trading oversight eastern hemishere plus lng understand group taking first cut developing curves lng lng ship values also understand another lng ship decision dockets may far away anway understand big decision still gotten little info yet please let know stand ask assistant lauren set time speak next couple days anything review get faxed well look forward connecting vince john
"Subject: re : grades  pam ,  the students resent the documents .  the group members :  rakhi israni  felix feng lu  winny so  orlandotaylor  sanjay wankhade  ning zhang  grade : a  separately , i think i have sent you already :  jeffrey planck  grade : a  please , confirm this message .  vince kaminski",0,grades pam students resent documents group members rakhi israni felix feng lu winny orlandotaylor sanjay wankhade ning zhang grade separately think sent already jeffrey planck grade please confirm message vince kaminski
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe illustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  beatrice ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corei desiqner quickbooks professional edition adobe pagemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corel painter lx adobe illustrator cs adobe lndesiqn cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cooi production studio aiias motion builder professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincereiy beatrice
"Subject: 21 st annual energy symposium - november 28 - 29 , 2000 , houston , texas  dear vince ,  thank you for taking the time to dine with chris and me back on monday 2  october .  further to our dinner , i would like to forward you information on three  topics :  the partners who lead arthur andersen ' s relationship with enron are david  duncan , based in houston , and simon prew , based in london ;  our country managing partner for russia and  details of our 21 st energy symposium are attached below .  if you are interested in registering for our symposium please contact david  directly .  should you require any further information on the topics we discussed over  dinner ( strategy , value and risk ) please do not hesitate to contact us in  houston or london .  regards , allan  ( embedded image moved to file : pic 20284 . pcx )  the energy symposium is one of the largest energy conferences in the world and  we are successful in attracting senior energy executives as speakers to this  2 - day event . this year ' s event will be november 28 & 29 .  the energy symposium is much more that just an "" accounting conference . ""  industry leaders discuss a range of topics and share their perspectives on  strategic , economic , political , financial and operating issues .  participants find the networking aspect of the symposium to be especially  valuable . there is ample time during the event for them to meet and talk with  their counterparts and colleagues in the industry . and it is a premier  marketing opportunity for arthur andersen , where more than 300 partners and  managers get to spend two days with 700 executives from the energy and  utilities  industry in a forum .  the symposium check - in begins monday , november 27 at 6 p . m . , with a cocktail  reception in the galleria ballroom foyer . arthur andersen personnel are  encouraged to attend for an opportunity to network with colleagues , clients  and  prospective clients in an informal setting .  thank you in advance and i look forward to seeing you and your clients in  houston .  victor a . burk  monday , november 27 , 2000  6 - 10 p . m . opening reception  tuesday , november 28 , 2000  7 : 00 a . m . registration  8 : 15 a . m . symposium wide opening and welcome  8 : 30 a . m . opening plenary session  global power companies : strategies for success  10 : 00 a . m . break  10 : 30 a . m . concurrent session i  i - a the changing face of utilities : u . s . restructuring continues  i - b bandwidth markets : opportunities & pitfalls  noon lunch and keynote presentation  2 : 00 p . m . concurrent session ii  ii - a retail energy services : the new game  ii - b mergers & acquisitions : more to come ?  ii - c new business models and technologies : changing the supply  chain  3 : 30 p . m . break  4 : 00 p . m . concurrent session iii  iii - a opportunities and risks in the emerging global emissions  trading market  iii - b oil field services : the new landscape  iii - c accounting and reporting outlook  5 : 30 p . m . reception  wednesday , november 29 , 2000  7 : 00 a . m . registration  8 : 00 a . m . breakfast roundtable discussions  rt - 1 asia / pacific region  rt - 2 caspian region  rt - 3 bandwidth markets  rt - 4 customer relationship management  rt - 5 digital markets  rt - 6 value creation in the e & p industry  9 : 45 a . m . break  10 : 15 a . m . concurrent session iv  iv - a trading and marketing : new products and new players  iv - b creating value in the e & p industry  11 : 45 a . m . lunch and keynote presentation  2 : 00 p . m . supply chain optimization workshop  4 : 00 p . m . symposium adjourns  the printed program and registration materials will be mailed to more than  10 , 000 people on our us oil and gas and utility mailing lists on october 2 . a  copy of the materials is attached below . in addition , you can always refer to  our website , www . energysymposium . com , for any updates to the agenda .  ( see attached file : es _ 2000 . pdf )  headquarters : octel & network : 713 - 237 - 5400  fax : 713 - 237 - 2214  lotus notes : energy symposium hq or  energy . symposium @ arthurandersen . com  symposium in - charge : melissa l . spradley  octel & network : 713 - 237 - 2385  fax : 713 - 237 - 5673  symposium contact : mickey r . appel  octel & network : 713 - 237 - 2472  fax : 713 - 237 - 5673  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  the uk firm of arthur andersen is authorised by the institute of chartered  accountants in england and wales to carry on investment business . a list of  partners is available at 1 surrey street , london , wc 2 r 2 ps ( principal place of  business ) .  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .  - pic 20284 . pcx  - es _ 2000 . pdf",0,st annual energy symposium november houston texas dear vince thank taking time dine chris back monday october dinner would like forward information three topics partners lead arthur andersen relationship enron david duncan based houston simon prew based london country managing partner russia details st energy symposium attached interested registering symposium please contact david directly require information topics discussed dinner strategy value risk please hesitate contact us houston london regards allan embedded image moved file pic pcx energy symposium one largest energy conferences world successful attracting senior energy executives speakers day event year event november energy symposium much accounting conference industry leaders discuss range topics share perspectives strategic economic political financial operating issues participants find networking aspect symposium especially valuable ample time event meet talk counterparts colleagues industry premier marketing opportunity arthur andersen partners managers get spend two days executives energy utilities industry forum symposium check begins monday november p cocktail reception galleria ballroom foyer arthur andersen personnel encouraged attend opportunity network colleagues clients prospective clients informal setting thank advance look forward seeing clients houston victor burk monday november p opening reception tuesday november registration symposium wide opening welcome opening plenary session global power companies strategies success break concurrent session changing face utilities u restructuring continues b bandwidth markets opportunities pitfalls noon lunch keynote presentation p concurrent session ii ii retail energy services new game ii b mergers acquisitions come ii c new business models technologies changing supply chain p break p concurrent session iii iii opportunities risks emerging global emissions trading market iii b oil field services new landscape iii c accounting reporting outlook p reception wednesday november registration breakfast roundtable discussions rt asia pacific region rt caspian region rt bandwidth markets rt customer relationship management rt digital markets rt value creation e p industry break concurrent session iv iv trading marketing new products new players iv b creating value e p industry lunch keynote presentation p supply chain optimization workshop p symposium adjourns printed program registration materials mailed people us oil gas utility mailing lists october copy materials attached addition always refer website www energysymposium com updates agenda see attached file es pdf headquarters octel network fax lotus notes energy symposium hq energy symposium arthurandersen com symposium charge melissa l spradley octel network fax symposium contact mickey r appel octel network fax internet email confidentiality footer uk firm arthur andersen authorised institute chartered accountants england wales carry investment business list partners available surrey street london wc r ps principal place business privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed pic pcx es pdf
"Subject: linear programming software purchase  vince ,  i ' d like to purchase some copies of the xpress lp solver for the gas storage  optimization model . we have previously discussed the purchase of cplex , but  after trialing both systems , have found some worthwhile advantages with  xpress . if others find planner / cplex best suited to their application , i  see no problem is their use of a different system - both have strengths , and  it is likely that i would use planner / cplex myself on some future project if  we were to have both systems available .  xpress is particularly suited to my application because it handles special  ordered sets . this is a very efficient way of representing the storage  ratchets as the integer search process is able to use the extra information  provided by the set , rather than just using binary integer variables to  represent the ratchets .  planner is a c + + interface for cplex . it has some significant limitations ,  and does not permit access to all cplex features .  dash optimization have made the following offer :  all software purchases made by enron this year will be at 30 % off the list  price - we do not need to make a single purchase of any specific quantity of  licenses to obtain this discount .  90 days of full maintenance services will be provided with the purchase .  the emosl utility will be provided at no cost .  the xbsl system will be provided at no cost when it is released in a few  weeks time .  for the gas storage optimization model , i would like to purchase :  one development license , hyper version , with modeller , primal / dual simplex ,  mip search , dlls , emosl and xbsl when available .  list price $ 10 , 000 discounted price $ 7 , 000  two run time licenses for above ,  list price total $ 8 , 000 discounted price $ 5 , 600  total cost $ 12 , 600  i ' ve used the usually security request system to set the purchase process  going , should you agree to this .  tom .",0,linear programming software purchase vince like purchase copies xpress lp solver gas storage optimization model previously discussed purchase cplex trialing systems found worthwhile advantages xpress others find planner cplex best suited application see problem use different system strengths likely would use planner cplex future project systems available xpress particularly suited application handles special ordered sets efficient way representing storage ratchets integer search process able use extra information provided set rather using binary integer variables represent ratchets planner c interface cplex significant limitations permit access cplex features dash optimization made following offer software purchases made enron year list price need make single purchase specific quantity licenses obtain discount days full maintenance services provided purchase emosl utility provided cost xbsl system provided cost released weeks time gas storage optimization model would like purchase one development license hyper version modeller primal dual simplex mip search dlls emosl xbsl available list price discounted price two run time licenses list price total discounted price total cost used usually security request system set purchase process going agree tom
"Subject: iafe update  dear iafe member :  i would like to take this opportunity to wish you a happy new year .  2001 marks the 10 anniversary of the iafe and we will be celebrating with  a winter gala at the yale club ballroom on february 8 th . the black tie  event will begin with cocktails at 6 : 00 and a sit down dinner at 7 : 30 .  there will be  dancing and festivities including war stories by iafe senior fellows , a  silent auction ,  and a financial engineering retrospective , to name a few .  a special award will be presented to myron scholes for his work on the  black - scholes model . for more information and to register for the  event please go to .  we are pleased to report that we had a very exciting and productive  year with dozens of activities around the world . as we enter our 10 th  year of operations , the iafe has additional membership options available  to you . please take a moment to renew your membership , if you have not  done so : . based on member  requests , a premium membership is now being offered that includes the  annual conference at a 30 % discount , the financial engineer of the year  dinner , plus a subscription to the journal of derivatives ( jod ) . the full  membership remains as in previous years . the new regular  membership includes all full membership benefits except jod . membership is  based on the calendar year january 1 - december 31 , 2001 .  our website was recently updated , when you get a moment , please visit our  web site . make sure to check the calendar for upcoming events regularly  since we add to it frequently . >  i hope to see you at an iafe event in 2001 .  donna jacobus  iafe office manager  main @ iafe . org",0,iafe update dear iafe member would like take opportunity wish happy new year marks anniversary iafe celebrating winter gala yale club ballroom february th black tie event begin cocktails sit dinner dancing festivities including war stories iafe senior fellows silent auction financial engineering retrospective name special award presented myron scholes work black scholes model information register event please go pleased report exciting productive year dozens activities around world enter th year operations iafe additional membership options available please take moment renew membership done based member requests premium membership offered includes annual conference discount financial engineer year dinner plus subscription journal derivatives jod full membership remains previous years new regular membership includes full membership benefits except jod membership based calendar year january december website recently updated get moment please visit web site make sure check calendar upcoming events regularly since add frequently hope see iafe event donna jacobus iafe office manager main iafe org
"Subject: re : test  tom ,  the conference in new york is held on may 18 and may 19 . i can visit wharton  the day before .  vince kaminski  "" piazze , thomas "" on 04 / 05 / 2000 08 : 40 : 55 am  to : "" ' vince j kaminski ' ""  cc :  subject : re : test  vince : i enjoyed talking with you yesterday and look forward to receiving  information relative to your visit to campus .  tom piazze  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince j kaminski [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : tuesday , april 04 , 2000 4 : 52 pm  > to : piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu  > subject : test  >  >  >  > test  >",0,test tom conference new york held may may visit wharton day vince kaminski piazze thomas vince j kaminski cc subject test vince enjoyed talking yesterday look forward receiving information relative visit campus tom piazze original message vince j kaminski smtp vince j kaminski enron com sent tuesday april pm piazzet wharton upenn edu subject test test
"Subject: this free 7 - day trial will prove that you can get ready for the beach .  if you wish to unsubscribe click  here  or write to ultima group , inc . 1380 garnet avenue , e 520 san diego , ca 92109  nbtnsbpa",1,free day trial prove get ready beach wish unsubscribe click write ultima group inc garnet avenue e san diego ca nbtnsbpa
Subject: what ' s going on  hi u . this is sarah gal . where have you been hiding ? if you want to hang out and talk some more i would sure like too . hey check out these new pictures of me i just got taken . have a good one .  http : / / mmjx . sakarsucks . com / sal 6 /  martina sonant deprecatory boogie northampton .,1,going hi u sarah gal hiding want hang talk would sure like hey check new pictures got taken good one http mmjx sakarsucks com sal martina sonant deprecatory boogie northampton
"Subject: petrochem desk  vasant ,  it seems we have to help them . can kate help  on this project ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001  09 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nelson neale @ enron  04 / 20 / 2001 10 : 29 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate  cc :  subject : petrochem desk  i had a chance to speak with christian lebroc this morning with regard to  curve building for petrochemicals . as it turns out , christian left rac in  april and joined the petrochem desk as a trader . previous efforts at  construction of a forward curve by the group have focused on intuition or  swags . unfortunately , the group had a rough p & l year with at least some of  the blame directed toward the forward curve or lack thereof . when asked  about the fundamentals group , christian indicated that they ' d only been  around about 3 - 4 months and are not yet well - suited to curve building . john  nowlan is indeed the head of the group .  from a timing perspective , i told christian that it would probably take at  least 6 - 8 weeks to develop a curve , especially considering the need to  understand the key market drivers / fundamentals . as was suggested yesterday  during our meeting , a strong relationship between petrochemicals and a nymex  component ( e . g . , crude oil ) would provide a great beginning point - - we could  then potentially strengthen / augment this relationship with other key factors  ( e . g . , supply and demand terms ) borne out of our market research .  nelson",0,petrochem desk vasant seems help kate help project vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect nelson neale enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate cc subject petrochem desk chance speak christian lebroc morning regard curve building petrochemicals turns christian left rac april joined petrochem desk trader previous efforts construction forward curve group focused intuition swags unfortunately group rough p l year least blame directed toward forward curve lack thereof asked fundamentals group christian indicated around months yet well suited curve building john nowlan indeed head group timing perspective told christian would probably take least weeks develop curve especially considering need understand key market drivers fundamentals suggested yesterday meeting strong relationship petrochemicals nymex component e g crude oil would provide great beginning point could potentially strengthen augment relationship key factors e g supply demand terms borne market research nelson
"Subject: re : uk portfolios and books setup in risktrac  david and vince ,  in my e - mail below i pointed out to a inconsistency in the portfolio  hierarchy for uk positions in risktrac that i found out ,  namely : some books ( for example elsb 1 and elsb 2 ) belong to uk - gas portfolio  and to uk - power portfolio .  i wanted to clarify this in order to reconcile positions in risktrac and in  the spreadsheet .  tanya .  tanya tamarchenko  01 / 03 / 2001 02 : 09 pm  to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , matthew adams / corp / enron @ enron  cc : rabi de / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : uk portfolios and books setup in risktrac  naveen and matthew ,  i started looking systematically through uk positions and corresponding var  numbers in the risckrac .  i found a few inconsistencies so far .  1 . the portfolio elsb 1 - nbp has a book elsb 1 under it . the sum of delta  positions for this book is  239 , 021 , 655 , the sum of gamma positions is - 211 , 031 , 450 . var for the  portfolio elsb 1 - nbp is zero .  the same refers to a few other portfolios , for example elsb 2 - nbp , elsb 3 - nbp ,  e 2 xxl - nbp .  2 . the portfolio elsbp 1 - ppp also has the book elsb 1 under it . this book  contains the positions on pppwdl  through pppwd 6 and pppwel through pppwe 4 .  the same refers to the other books , for example elsb 2 .  this looks messy . can someone in rac go over all the portfolios , all the  corresponding books and curves  in risktrac and make sure they are set up properly ?  thank you ,  tanya .",0,uk portfolios books setup risktrac david vince e mail pointed inconsistency portfolio hierarchy uk positions risktrac found namely books example elsb elsb belong uk gas portfolio uk power portfolio wanted clarify order reconcile positions risktrac spreadsheet tanya tanya tamarchenko pm naveen andrews corp enron enron matthew adams corp enron enron cc rabi de na enron enron jaesoo lew na enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject uk portfolios books setup risktrac naveen matthew started looking systematically uk positions corresponding var numbers risckrac found inconsistencies far portfolio elsb nbp book elsb sum delta positions book sum gamma positions var portfolio elsb nbp zero refers portfolios example elsb nbp elsb nbp e xxl nbp portfolio elsbp ppp also book elsb book contains positions pppwdl pppwd pppwel pppwe refers books example elsb looks messy someone rac go portfolios corresponding books curves risktrac make sure set properly thank tanya
Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 pks 7 y  order for : maureen raymond  1 x ( standard desktop $ 1319 )  enron it purchasing,0,confirmation order automatic confirmation order placed using central request number ecth pks order maureen raymond x standard desktop enron purchasing
"Subject: re : clewlow and strickland book  steve ,  i can order the books at 15 % discount . i am sending you  4 copies today and will be glad to order more on your behalf .  vince  steven leppard  01 / 23 / 2001 04 : 22 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect  subject : clewlow and strickland book  hi vince  is there any way we can lay our hands on clewlow and strickland ' s new book at  a preferential price ?  steve",0,clewlow strickland book steve order books discount sending copies today glad order behalf vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc sharad agnihotri lon ect ect subject clewlow strickland book hi vince way lay hands clewlow strickland new book preferential price steve
"Subject: re : datren williams acceptance  you are right , vince . . . . celeste and i did discuss it , and she approved his  feb . start date .  datren does know about that , so it sounds like it is cleared up .  thanks so much , and we are sorry for the confusion !  carol  vince j kaminski  10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 58 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : carol coats / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : datren williams acceptance  stinson ,  i think it ' s a mistake . it should be february .  vince  stinson gibner  10 / 10 / 2000 08 : 11 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : datren williams acceptance  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000  08 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  carol coats  09 / 29 / 2000 02 : 36 pm  to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : datren williams acceptance  celeste ,  i just received datren williams ' acceptance with the following note attached :  "" my graduation date ( ph . d . candidate from lsu ) is dec . 2000 . celeste roberts  has informed me that i would have the option of starting work feb . 2001 . i am  under the impression that i will start in feb . 2001 . my offer letter has a  start date  of aug . 2001 . if this is a problem , please give me a call .  looking forward to working at enron .  thanks a million ,  datren w . ""  please let me know if he may in fact start in feb . 2001 , and if so , do you  have  a specific date for him , or may he choose ?  thanks , celeste ,  carol",0,datren williams acceptance right vince celeste discuss approved feb start date datren know sounds like cleared thanks much sorry confusion carol vince j kaminski pm stinson gibner hou ect ect cc carol coats hou ect ect subject datren williams acceptance stinson think mistake february vince stinson gibner pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject datren williams acceptance fyi forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm carol coats pm celeste roberts hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect subject datren williams acceptance celeste received datren williams acceptance following note attached graduation date ph candidate lsu dec celeste roberts informed would option starting work feb impression start feb offer letter start date aug problem please give call looking forward working enron thanks million datren w please let know may fact start feb specific date may choose thanks celeste carol
"Subject: best mortgage rate vjd  with regards to  want to refinance ?  fill out this quick form and immediately have mortgage  companies compete for you business .  you will be offered the , absolute , best refinance rates  available !  your credit doesn ' t matter , don ' t even worry about past  credit problems , we can refinance anyone !  let us put our expertise to work for you !  http : / / 66 . 230 . 217 . 86  or site 2  http : / / agileconcepts . com / 74205 /  erase  http : / / 66 . 230 . 217 . 86 / optout . htm",1,best mortgage rate vjd regards want refinance fill quick form immediately mortgage companies compete business offered absolute best refinance rates available credit matter even worry past credit problems refinance anyone let us put expertise work http site http agileconcepts com erase http optout htm
"Subject: ms office xp pro $ 49 . 95 ms 2003  opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 norton antivirus 20055 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 adobe acrobat 7 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 90 adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency - - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review .",1,ms office xp pro ms opt email special offer unsubscribe search software top new titles sale office pro windows xp pro adobe creative suite premium norton antivirus flash mx corel draw adobe acrobat windows server alias maya wavefrtl adobe premiere see manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought items microsoft office professional edition microsoft choose see options list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ise media cd rom download system requirements accessories versionsfeatures analyze manage business information using access databases exchange data systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules enhanced irm technology easy use wizards create e mail newsletters printed marketing materials preformatted business reports sales rank shipping international us via instant download date coupon expires june th average customer review based reviews write review microsoft windows xp professional longhorn edition microsoft choose see options list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ise media cd rom download system requirements accessories versionsfeatures designed businesses sizes manage digital pictures music video dvds security ability encrypt files folders built voice video instant messaging support integration windows servers management solutions sales rank shipping international us via instant download date coupon expires june th average customer review based reviews write review adobe photoshop cs v adobe choose see options list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ise media cd rom download system requirements accessories versionsfeatures customized workspace save personalized workspace tool settings create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency automate production tasks built customized scripts improved file management new design possibilities intuitive way create web support bit images digital camera raw data non square pixels create modify photos using painting drawing retouching tools sales rank shipping international us via instant download date coupon expires june th average customer review based reviews write review
"Subject: hi vince !  yes , meeting for dinner tuesday night is great !  i ' ll be coming in on tuesday from d . c . and i ' ll be taking the train to new  york on wednesday morning .  see you and ken tuesday at 5 : 30 at the inn at penn lobby .  hope you both have a great weekend ! !  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001 11 : 23 am - - - - -  vince j kaminski  02 / 16 / 2001 11 : 04 am  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : change - video to teleconferences - enron  christie ,  meeting at 5 : 30 is fine with me . the presentation is at 6 : 30 .  i sent you a message regarding a dinner on tuesday .  can you join me and ken parkhill ?  vince  from : christie patrick on 02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 19 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : change - video to teleconferences - enron  hi vince !  thanks for the information below !  i spoke with tom piazze today . i ' ll be meeting with him at 3 : 30 on the 20 th  to discuss the webi contract . i ' ll also be meeting with wharton ' s broadband  ( technical people ) before our meeting with the students . further , i hope to  meet with the people in charge of the business plan competition .  tom suggested you might want to call howard kurnreuther ( sp ? ) and possibly  stop in to see him while we are at wharton .  i ' ll be getting to wharton sometime tuesday ; i ' ll try to get a reservation at  the inn at penn . i ' ll then be leaving early wednesday morning by train to  new york .  shall we meet in tha lobby at the inn at penn before going to meet the  students ( i think the meeting with the students is at 6 pm - ish ) - - say , 5 : 30 ?  please let me know !  also , we still need to give wharton an answer as to whether we ' re interested  in another $ 50 , 000 investment in efellows .  thanks vince !  have a great wekend !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 13 am - - - - -  vince j kaminski  02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 06 am  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron  subject : change - video to teleconferences - enron  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001  10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  fap on 02 / 16 / 2001 08 : 35 : 22 am  to : clay degiacinto , deepa mallik  , dennis feerick  , heather thorne  , jack rejtman  , jason cummins  , kim whitsel  , nicholas levitt  , omar bassel  , ram vittal , steve  lessar , thomas  , tulika bhalla ,  vincent chen  cc : fap , "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  , "" ' patterm @ wharton . upenn . edu ' ""  subject : change - video to teleconferences - enron  3 / 1 shdh 215  3 / 22 shdh 215  3 / 29 shdh 215  please note that the remaining videoconferences scheduled with enron have  been changed to teleconferences due to the difficulties we have experienced .  the host has agreed and we will , therefore , continue with teleconferences in  the same locations / dates as noted above .  any questions , please contact the fap office .  thanks ,  donna",0,hi vince yes meeting dinner tuesday night great coming tuesday c taking train new york wednesday morning see ken tuesday inn penn lobby hope great weekend thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect vince j kaminski christie patrick hou ect ect cc kenneth parkhill na enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject change video teleconferences enron christie meeting fine presentation sent message regarding dinner tuesday join ken parkhill vince christie patrick vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject change video teleconferences enron hi vince thanks information spoke tom piazze today meeting th discuss webi contract also meeting wharton broadband technical people meeting students hope meet people charge business plan competition tom suggested might want call howard kurnreuther sp possibly stop see wharton getting wharton sometime tuesday try get reservation inn penn leaving early wednesday morning train new york shall meet tha lobby inn penn going meet students think meeting students pm ish say please let know also still need give wharton answer whether interested another investment efellows thanks vince great wekend christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect vince j kaminski christie patrick hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect kenneth parkhill na enron enron subject change video teleconferences enron fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect fap clay degiacinto deepa mallik dennis feerick heather thorne jack rejtman jason cummins kim whitsel nicholas levitt omar bassel ram vittal steve lessar thomas tulika bhalla vincent chen cc fap vkamins enron com patterm wharton upenn edu subject change video teleconferences enron shdh shdh shdh please note remaining videoconferences scheduled enron changed teleconferences due difficulties experienced host agreed therefore continue teleconferences locations dates noted questions please contact fap office thanks donna
Subject: re : tanya ' s vacation  this is just to let you know that i am going to go on vacation from 7 / 26 / 00  to 8 / 8 / 00 .  tanya .,0,tanya vacation let know going go vacation tanya
"Subject: earthsat summer seminar  fyi  - - - mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 07 / 26 / 2000  05 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  todd decook  07 / 25 / 2000 01 : 07 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : earthsat summer seminar  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the earthsat summer seminar can be downloaded from the following site . . .  ?  ?  just click on the above link to download the file , or copy the link and  paste it for the url address in the browser of your choice .  ?  if you have any questions or problems downloading this file , please contact  me ( scott gay ) or dave birmingham at ( 301 ) 231 - 0664 .  ?  - scott  - - -  scott gay ( sgay @ earthsat . com )  staff meteorologist / computer support  cropcast services  earth satellite corporation  phone : ( 301 ) 231 - 0664  fax : ? ? ? ? ( 301 ) 231 - 5246  ?  ?  - imageo 01 . gif",0,earthsat summer seminar fyi mike forwarded mike roberts hou ect todd decook pm mike roberts hou ect ect jose marquez corp enron enron cc subject earthsat summer seminar earthsat summer seminar downloaded following site click link download file copy link paste url address browser choice questions problems downloading file please contact scott gay dave birmingham scott scott gay sgay earthsat com staff meteorologist computer support cropcast services earth satellite corporation phone fax imageo gif
"Subject: free two week ft - online trial  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2000  12 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  rita hartfield @ enron  04 / 12 / 2000 10 : 32 am  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , amy  oberg / hou / ees @ ees , john a cote / hou / ect @ ect , elizabeth linnell / hou / ees @ ees ,  lynnette barnes / hou / ees @ ees , bruce ferrell / hou / ect @ ect , amr  ibrahim / enron _ development @ enron _ development , fiona grant / lon / ect @ ect , michael  grimes / enron _ development @ enron _ development , kyran hanks / lon / ect @ ect , julia  kazibwe / enron _ development @ enron _ development , patrick keene / hou / ees @ ees , harry  kingerski / hou / ees @ ees , valeria lima / enron _ development @ enron _ development ,  robert neustaedter / enron _ development @ enron _ development , carol  north / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mike g  cc :  subject : free two week ft - online trial  enron has been given a two week free trail [ until 4 / 25 / 00 ] for ft online .  the free trial has unlimited users so please feel free to pass this along to  anyone who may be interested .  various persons within enron currently purchase selected hard copies of ft ' s  newsletters for 18 , 331 british pounds . it would be much more efficient and  cheaper if all eleven newsletters [ 13 , 617 british pounds for 2 users plus  incremental costs for each additional user ] were purchased on - line and the  cost shared amoung the users .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rita hartfield / corp / enron on 04 / 12 / 2000  11 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vanessa . norton @ ft . com ( vanessa norton ) on 04 / 12 / 2000 03 : 54 : 04 am  to : rhartfi @ enron . com  cc :  subject :  dear rita  following our conversation yesterday , i am pleased to offer you two weeks  trial  access to our 22 online energy newsletters .  the prices for a years subscription to our online newsletters are as follows :  product number of users price ( for all eleven newsletters together )  oil market report 2 o 9 , 530 . 00  aisa gas report 3 ol 1 , 120 . 00  uk gas report 4 ol 2 , 180 . 00  power in aisa 5 ol 3 , 240 . 00 ( o 900 . 00 per extra user )  international coal report 10 ol 7 , 740 . 00 ( o 734 . 00 per extra user )  power in latin america 25 o 28 , 750 . 00 ( o 544 . 00 per extra user )  middle east energy  european energy report  african energy  global private power  global water report  the prices include a multiple product discount ( for example , 2 users for all  eleven newsletters would normally be ol 3 , 617 . 00 ) and as you will see the price  for extra users decreases by quantity of users to the publications .  your trial will last until 25 / 4 / 00 .  please find enclosed the access codes to ft energy online .  go to www . online . ftenergy . com  click on login and type in the following :  iu enront  password : enront  the current functionality of the service includes a fully searchable archive  that goes back to the first issue , an advanced full text search , acrobat pdf  files of the printed newsletter that can be downloaded for personal use in its  original printed version and the ability to download tables in csv format into  excel files .  please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any further questions about  the service or wish to have prices for individual publications sent .  i look forward to your comments .  yours sincerely  vanessa norton ( + 44 207 896 2282 )  ft energy online  * please visit the web site of the financial times at : *  * http : / / www . ft . com *  * *  * this e - mail is intended for the use of the addressee only and may *  * contain confidential information . if you are not the intended *  * recipient , you are hereby notified that any use or dissemination *  * of this communication is strictly prohibited . *  * if you receive this transmission in error , please notify us *  * immediately then delete this e - mail .  * *  * *  * postmaster @ ft . com * ",0,free two week ft online trial forwarded mike roberts hou ect pm rita hartfield enron mike roberts hou ect ect mary solmonson hou ect ect amy oberg hou ees ees john cote hou ect ect elizabeth linnell hou ees ees lynnette barnes hou ees ees bruce ferrell hou ect ect amr ibrahim enron development enron development fiona grant lon ect ect michael grimes enron development enron development kyran hanks lon ect ect julia kazibwe enron development enron development patrick keene hou ees ees harry kingerski hou ees ees valeria lima enron development enron development robert neustaedter enron development enron development carol north enron development enron development mike g cc subject free two week ft online trial enron given two week free trail ft online free trial unlimited users please feel free pass along anyone may interested various persons within enron currently purchase selected hard copies ft newsletters british pounds would much efficient cheaper eleven newsletters british pounds users plus incremental costs additional user purchased line cost shared amoung users forwarded rita hartfield corp enron vanessa norton ft com vanessa norton rhartfi enron com cc subject dear rita following conversation yesterday pleased offer two weeks trial access online energy newsletters prices years subscription online newsletters follows product number users price eleven newsletters together oil market report aisa gas report ol uk gas report ol power aisa ol per extra user international coal report ol per extra user power latin america per extra user middle east energy european energy report african energy global private power global water report prices include multiple product discount example users eleven newsletters would normally ol see price extra users decreases quantity users publications trial last please find enclosed access codes ft energy online go www online ftenergy com click login type following iu enront password enront current functionality service includes fully searchable archive goes back first issue advanced full text search acrobat pdf files printed newsletter downloaded personal use original printed version ability download tables csv format excel files please hesitate contact questions service wish prices individual publications sent look forward comments sincerely vanessa norton ft energy online please visit web site financial times http www ft com e mail intended use addressee may contain confidential information intended recipient hereby notified use dissemination communication strictly prohibited receive transmission error please notify us immediately delete e mail postmaster ft com
"Subject: raptor position reports for 1 / 29 / 01  vince , these spreadsheets have the most up to date numbers for the raptor  structures . the summary sheet summarizes the assets and liabilities in all  four .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001  04 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  rakesh bharati @ enron  02 / 02 / 2001 10 : 27 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : raptor position reports for 1 / 29 / 01  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rakesh bharati / na / enron on 02 / 02 / 2001  10 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : gordon mckillop on 01 / 31 / 2001 09 : 36 am  to : rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : raptor position reports for 1 / 29 / 01  - - - - - forwarded by gordon mckillop / na / enron on 01 / 31 / 2001 09 : 35 am - - - - -  gordon mckillop  01 / 30 / 2001 03 : 58 pm  to : ben f glisan / hou / ect @ ect , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , richard  causey / corp / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : barry schnapper / corp / enron @ enron , andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , ryan  siurek / corp / enron @ enron , kevin d jordan / corp / enron @ enron , michael  kopper / hou / ect @ ect , chris loehr / hou / ect @ ect , anne yaeger / hou / ect @ ect , rodney  faldyn / corp / enron @ enron , ron baker / corp / enron @ enron ,  amy . flores @ ljminvestments . com , l ' sheryl hudson / hou / ect @ ect , wes  colwell / hou / ect @ ect , kevin howard / enron communications @ enron communications ,  david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , jordan mintz / hou / ect @ ect , maria  lebeau / hou / ect @ ect , david maxwell / hou / ect @ ect , susie ayala / hou / ect @ ect , hope  vargas / hou / ect @ ect , bob butts / gpgfin / enron @ enron , marnie lamb / na / enron @ enron  subject : raptor position reports for 1 / 29 / 01  the raptor i credit capacity is $ ( 110 . 8 ) million as a result of the merlin  credit derivative ( $ 63 ) and heartland steel ( $ 38 ) being reflected in the mpr  for 1 / 29 .  raptor iv has a notional capacity of $ 522 million available .",0,raptor position reports vince spreadsheets date numbers raptor structures summary sheet summarizes assets liabilities four stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm rakesh bharati enron stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject raptor position reports forwarded rakesh bharati na enron gordon mckillop rakesh bharati na enron enron cc subject raptor position reports forwarded gordon mckillop na enron gordon mckillop pm ben f glisan hou ect ect andrew fastow hou ect ect richard causey corp enron enron rick buy hou ect ect greg whalley hou ect ect cc barry schnapper corp enron enron andrea v reed hou ect ect ryan siurek corp enron enron kevin jordan corp enron enron michael kopper hou ect ect chris loehr hou ect ect anne yaeger hou ect ect rodney faldyn corp enron enron ron baker corp enron enron amy flores ljminvestments com l sheryl hudson hou ect ect wes colwell hou ect ect kevin howard enron communications enron communications david port market risk corp enron enron jordan mintz hou ect ect maria lebeau hou ect ect david maxwell hou ect ect susie ayala hou ect ect hope vargas hou ect ect bob butts gpgfin enron enron marnie lamb na enron enron subject raptor position reports raptor credit capacity million result merlin credit derivative heartland steel reflected mpr raptor iv notional capacity million available
"Subject: giuseppe paleologo  molly ,  giuseppe is finishing his ph . d . at stanford and worked for us last summer .  we would like to make him an offer to bring him as a manager . vince would  like to offer $ 110 k base plus a $ 20 k signing bonus and whatever would be the  appropriate relocation package ( he is single . ) . he is leaving on monday  for europe , so it would be preferable if we can get an offer letter in his  hands by friday or saturday . i have verbally given him this offer already ,  but told him that you would be the expert regarding what is covered in the  relocation part . he should be sending me his current address by email  which i will forward to you a . s . a . p .  thanks ,  stinson  x 34748  p . s . regarding jinbaek . we would be happy to pay his air ticket .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001  03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  giuseppe andrea paleologo @ stanford . edu on 04 / 23 / 2001  07 : 33 : 29 pm  please respond to gappy @ stanford . edu  sent by : gappy @ stanford . edu  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : from stinson  stinso , nice to hear from you . things are going well here . the only  annoyance comes from the ins . i applied for curricular practical  training , and it will take about three months to have the work permit .  receiving an h - 1 takes understably much longer . other than this , i would  like to know how are things in the research group and ebs .  i will leave for italy next monday and will stay there two weeks . i hope  to hear from you before my departure .  giuseppe  stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :  >  > giuseppe ,  >  > how are you ? is your thesis still on schedule ? i hope things are going  > well . i will try and give you a call in the next day or two to see how  > things are going and to bring you up to date on what ' s going on here at  > enron . look forward to talking with you .  >  > - - stinson  - -  giuseppe a . paleologo  email : gappy @ stanford . edu  office phone : ( 650 ) 725 - 0541",0,giuseppe paleologo molly giuseppe finishing ph stanford worked us last summer would like make offer bring manager vince would like offer k base plus k signing bonus whatever would appropriate relocation package single leaving monday europe would preferable get offer letter hands friday saturday verbally given offer already told would expert regarding covered relocation part sending current address email forward p thanks stinson x p regarding jinbaek would happy pay air ticket forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm giuseppe andrea paleologo stanford edu pm please respond gappy stanford edu sent gappy stanford edu stinson gibner enron com cc subject stinson stinso nice hear things going well annoyance comes ins applied curricular practical training take three months work permit receiving h takes understably much longer would like know things research group ebs leave italy next monday stay two weeks hope hear departure giuseppe stinson gibner enron com wrote giuseppe thesis still schedule hope things going well try give call next day two see things going bring date going enron look forward talking stinson giuseppe paleologo email gappy stanford edu office phone
"Subject: re : molecular electronics corp . working lunch  ken ,  i shall be glad to join you for lunch with mec .  vince kaminski  kenneth lay @ enron on 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 23 : 31 pm  sent by : rosalee fleming @ enron  to : philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , jay fitzgerald / corp / enron @ enron , steven j  kean / hou / ees @ ees , joe hirko / enron communications @ enron communications , david  berberian / enron communications @ enron communications , rex shelby / enron  communications @ enron communications , mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , greg  whalley / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mark lay / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vanessa groscrand / corp / enron @ enron  subject : molecular electronics corp . working lunch  on tuesday , july 25 , i am meeting with molecular electronics corp . ( mec ) to  discuss the opportunity for establishing this newly formed company in  houston . for those of you that are not familiar with mec , they are  considered one of the premier companies in the area of molecular computing .  mec has approached enron to discuss a possible alliance that would facilitate  their development and , in particular , location in the houston area . mec  represents the frontier of computing technology .  i would like to invite you to participate in a working lunch discussion of  the opportunities and obstacles facing a company that is seeking to change an  industry . i would appreciate it if you could join us on july 25 from 11 : 30  to 1 : 30 in eb 49 cl for this informal roundtable with the ceo of mec , harvey  plotnick and one of the founders , jim tour .  will you please let vanessa groscrand know if you can attend at 713 - 853 - 1769  or please reply by e - mail to me .  ken lay",0,molecular electronics corp working lunch ken shall glad join lunch mec vince kaminski kenneth lay enron pm sent rosalee fleming enron philippe bibi hou ect ect jay fitzgerald corp enron enron steven j kean hou ees ees joe hirko enron communications enron communications david berberian enron communications enron communications rex shelby enron communications enron communications mike mcconnell hou ect ect greg whalley hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect mark lay hou ect ect cc vanessa groscrand corp enron enron subject molecular electronics corp working lunch tuesday july meeting molecular electronics corp mec discuss opportunity establishing newly formed company houston familiar mec considered one premier companies area molecular computing mec approached enron discuss possible alliance would facilitate development particular location houston area mec represents frontier computing technology would like invite participate working lunch discussion opportunities obstacles facing company seeking change industry would appreciate could join us july eb cl informal roundtable ceo mec harvey plotnick one founders jim tour please let vanessa groscrand know attend please reply e mail ken lay
"Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s )  that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in  the performance management process , and your participation is very critical  to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the  performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as  described in the "" performance management quick reference guide "" . you may  begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms  completed by the date noted below .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers :  in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only )  or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback  requests , by operating company , that have an "" open "" feedback status . an  employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback  form and select the "" submit "" button in pep .  review group : enron  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000  carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000  vernon , clayton j vasant shanbhogue may 26 , 2000  zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000",0,mid year performance feedback note receive message time selected reviewer selected participate mid year performance management process providing meaningful feedback specific employee identified feedback plays important role performance management process participation critical success enron performance management goals please provide feedback employee listed accessing performance management system pep completing online feedback form described performance management quick reference guide may begin feedback input immediately please feedback forms completed date noted questions regarding pep responsibility process please call pep help desk following numbers u option europe option canada canada employees e mail questions perfmgmt enron com thank participation important process following list employees cumulative list feedback requests operating company open feedback status employee name longer appear completed feedback form select submit button pep review group enron feedback due date jun employee name supervisor name date selected ahmad anjam dale surbey may carson margaret james steffes may vernon clayton j vasant shanbhogue may zipter rudi c theodore r murphy may
"Subject: thanks for the interview  dear vince ,  thanks for the interview with enron . i appreciated your time and the  conversation that we had together . i really enjoyed my time at enron and  believe that it is the type of company that i would like to work for . more  specifically i enjoyed meeting the people in the research group and feel  that i could make a contribution and fit in well . i look forward to  hearing from you or an enron representative .  sincerely ,  lance",0,thanks interview dear vince thanks interview enron appreciated time conversation together really enjoyed time enron believe type company would like work specifically enjoyed meeting people research group feel could make contribution fit well look forward hearing enron representative sincerely lance
"Subject: re : forward prices simulations in the credit reserve model  bill and mark ,  the figure below shows you what happens when we simulate forward prices using  current methodology of our credit reserve model .  the time scale on this figure goes from 0 to 30 years . i started with $ 5 . 2  gas prices at time 0 and used the ng forward volatility curve which  has 50 % volatilities in the front and 13 . 5 % vols for long - term contracts . you  can see from the figure , that , for example , at 30 years horizon  the price will be more than $ 13 . 4 with probability 5 % but less than $ 22 . 1  with probability 99 % . the corresponding lower bounds are  $ 1 . 17 and $ 0 . 71 .  tanya  from : william s bradford / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 26 / 2001 11 : 22 am  to : mark ruane / enron @ enronxgate , naveen andrews / enron @ enronxgate , tanya  rohauer / enron @ enronxgate , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , wenyao jia / enron @ enronxgate  cc :  subject : re : gbm vs reversion  both seem to provide fairly unrealistic values . $ 50 gas over the term seems  improbable , however , a $ 6 gas peak does not represent capture all potential  price movement at 99 % confience interval .  what were your assumptions on price curves , volatilty curves , and trend  reversion ?  bill  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ruane , mark  sent : monday , march 26 , 2001 11 : 11 am  to : bradford , william s . ; andrews , naveen ; rohauer , tanya ; brackett , debbie ;  tamarchenko , tanya ; de , rabi ; jia , winston  subject : gbm vs reversion  a quick example of the impact of using gbm based simulation : based on a five  year swap , the expected losses are 18 % higher as a result of gbm . attached  chart shows the relative long - term gas prices under both processes . >  mark",0,forward prices simulations credit reserve model bill mark figure shows happens simulate forward prices using current methodology credit reserve model time scale figure goes years started gas prices time used ng forward volatility curve volatilities front vols long term contracts see figure example years horizon price probability less probability corresponding lower bounds tanya william bradford enron enronxgate mark ruane enron enronxgate naveen andrews enron enronxgate tanya rohauer enron enronxgate debbie r brackett hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect rabi de na enron enron wenyao jia enron enronxgate cc subject gbm vs reversion seem provide fairly unrealistic values gas term seems improbable however gas peak represent capture potential price movement confience interval assumptions price curves volatilty curves trend reversion bill original message ruane mark sent monday march bradford william andrews naveen rohauer tanya brackett debbie tamarchenko tanya de rabi jia winston subject gbm vs reversion quick example impact using gbm based simulation based five year swap expected losses higher result gbm attached chart shows relative long term gas prices processes mark
"Subject: research support in london  vince ,  steve leppard informed my today that he will be moving to enron metals . i  think that leaves a leadership hole in research here . when that happens in a  place like this , resources get diverted to the squeakiest wheel . do you have  any advice ? i am concerned that london continues to lag behind in the  implementation and analysis of var - most commodities are on spreadsheets and  there is not a lot of attention on calibration , analyzing output , refining ,  improving etc . .  pls advise  ted",0,research support london vince steve leppard informed today moving enron metals think leaves leadership hole research happens place like resources get diverted squeakiest wheel advice concerned london continues lag behind implementation analysis var commodities spreadsheets lot attention calibration analyzing output refining improving etc pls advise ted
"Subject: reminder  stinson ( and vince - - don ' t think your e - mail address is correct )  this is just a reminder about the "" care package "" of enron cases and  materials that you guys were going to send to me .  stinson , please convey this request on to vince because i think the e - mail  address i have is an old one .  thanks and have a great weekend .  john  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,reminder stinson vince think e mail address correct reminder care package enron cases materials guys going send stinson please convey request vince think e mail address old one thanks great weekend john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: norway visit : research agenda  dear all ,  i would like to make myself available for some meetings at the oslo office  during my visit on friday pm , monday and tuesday . i believe bjarne will be  available on tuesday , if not monday , and so would like to arrange the trading  and origination meetings for tuesday ( so that he can attend ) and maybe go  through the energydesk issues on monday . i will also give a presentation ,  probably on monday .  trading : options & volatility curves  it would be useful to meet with the traders along with bjarne ' s team to help  us improve our understanding of the valuation / hedging issues encountered in  trading options ( both european and asian ) . i hope to discuss the vol curves  and will bring the example of the recent work done for the uk electricity  desk where a monthly volatility curve generator and initial half - hourly  forward volatility curve have been developed .  origination :  any issues arising in complex deals ( e . g . dry reservoir , user - time contracts )  etc . perhaps with didrik .  energydesk . com  to support the on - going effort to ensure the accuracy of the energydesk . com  systems , i hope to help james stephen nail - down the reasons for some of the  discrepancies between the energydesk . com valuation and the oslo book ( for  this i hope to meet with trond ) .  exotic options :  if everything runs smoothly , i plan to roll - out the new asian model which  should also help us in improving our electricity volatility curve .  i will be in the oslo office from friday afternoon , and available all day  monday and tuesday . i will be staying at the grand hotel and probably  contactable on my mobile : 07747 86813 .  look forward to meeting you soon !  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  p . s . i will be contactable on my mobile for any urgent queries from london  customers : 07747 868131 , or reachable through catherine / maret ( x 2570 )",0,norway visit research agenda dear would like make available meetings oslo office visit friday pm monday tuesday believe bjarne available tuesday monday would like arrange trading origination meetings tuesday attend maybe go energydesk issues monday also give presentation probably monday trading options volatility curves would useful meet traders along bjarne team help us improve understanding valuation hedging issues encountered trading options european asian hope discuss vol curves bring example recent work done uk electricity desk monthly volatility curve generator initial half hourly forward volatility curve developed origination issues arising complex deals e g dry reservoir user time contracts etc perhaps didrik energydesk com support going effort ensure accuracy energydesk com systems hope help james stephen nail reasons discrepancies energydesk com valuation oslo book hope meet trond exotic options everything runs smoothly plan roll new asian model also help us improving electricity volatility curve oslo office friday afternoon available day monday tuesday staying grand hotel probably contactable mobile look forward meeting soon regards anjam x p contactable mobile urgent queries london customers reachable catherine maret x
Subject: merry xmas and a happy new year !  hi all  merry xmas and a happy new year !  les .,0,merry xmas happy new year hi merry xmas happy new year les
"Subject: cal berkeley general presentation confirmation - 10 / 16 / 00  cal berkeley  general presentation  monday , october 16 th  this note is to confirm that you are scheduled to attend the cal berkeley  general presentation on monday october 16 th . this e - mail should contain any  information that you need to know pertaining to your trip . please print out  a hard copy and bring with you in case of emergency . if you have any  questions , there is a list of contacts listed below .  once again , thank you for offering to help with technology recruiting at cal  berkeley . see you on campus !  lara  the general presentation will be held :  monday , october 16 th  the faculty club  seaborg room - 2 nd floor  7 : 00 p . m . to 9 : 00 p . m .  * * please plan on arriving at the general presentation by 6 : 00 p . m .  the general presentation is designed to educate the students on enron and the  global technology track . following the presentation we will invite the  students to ask questions about enron and the global technology track .  please plan to arrive at the general presentation by 6 : 00 p . m . it is  business casual attire .  flight arrangements :  you are responsible for scheduling your own flight arrangements with your  preferred airline provider . please schedule your flight to arrive to the san  francisco airport on monday , october 16 th . please remember that there can  be significant traffic over the bay bridge and to get into town at least an  hour prior to the event . please make all flight arrangements through the  travel agency in the park so that we are able to take advantage of discount  fares . if you do not have a representative that you currently use at the  travel agency in the park - feel free to contact liz mendiola at 713 - 860 - 1140 .  rental car arrangements :  once again , you are responsible for scheduling your own rental car  arrangements with your preferred provider . your travel agency in the park  representative should be able to assist you with rental car reservations .  hotel arrangements :  hotel reservations are currently being made by our representative at the  travel agency in the park .  as soon as we have confirmation numbers , i will let you know .  san francisco airport to the faculty club  take 101 northbound  exit to san francisco / oakland bay bridge  exit to 1 - 80 east  exit on university ave .  east on university avenue for 1 . 5 miles to oxford st .  right on oxford st . , left on durant ave . , left on piedmont  you will see parking on the right side  once again , thank you so much for helping with the general presentation .  below are some last minute tips to keep in mind :  please remember to dress business casual .  please remember to bring some business cards for students .  i have attached a pdf version of the global technology track brochure .  please forward all expense receipts to grace garcia . she will handle any  expenses incurred for this recruiting trip including : flight costs , hotel ,  car , food , valet , etc . however , you must turn in some sort of receipt - so  be sure and save them !  ashley baxter work : 713 - 853 - 3589  cell : 281 - 793 - 0567  lara berry work : 713 - 345 - 8320  cell : 713 - 857 - 1034  grace garcia work : 713 - 853 - 7252  simone lewis work : 713 - 853 - 1645",0,cal berkeley general presentation confirmation cal berkeley general presentation monday october th note confirm scheduled attend cal berkeley general presentation monday october th e mail contain information need know pertaining trip please print hard copy bring case emergency questions list contacts listed thank offering help technology recruiting cal berkeley see campus lara general presentation held monday october th faculty club seaborg room nd floor p p please plan arriving general presentation p general presentation designed educate students enron global technology track following presentation invite students ask questions enron global technology track please plan arrive general presentation p business casual attire flight arrangements responsible scheduling flight arrangements preferred airline provider please schedule flight arrive san francisco airport monday october th please remember significant traffic bay bridge get town least hour prior event please make flight arrangements travel agency park able take advantage discount fares representative currently use travel agency park feel free contact liz mendiola rental car arrangements responsible scheduling rental car arrangements preferred provider travel agency park representative able assist rental car reservations hotel arrangements hotel reservations currently made representative travel agency park soon confirmation numbers let know san francisco airport faculty club take northbound exit san francisco oakland bay bridge exit east exit university ave east university avenue miles oxford st right oxford st left durant ave left piedmont see parking right side thank much helping general presentation last minute tips keep mind please remember dress business casual please remember bring business cards students attached pdf version global technology track brochure please forward expense receipts grace garcia handle expenses incurred recruiting trip including flight costs hotel car food valet etc however must turn sort receipt sure save ashley baxter work cell lara berry work cell grace garcia work simone lewis work
"Subject: re : replacement of stolen chairs  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 04 / 18 / 2000 01 : 22  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  reggie wilson  04 / 18 / 2000 12 : 57 pm  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  cc : william smith / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : replacement of stolen chairs  kevin ,  if you guys had aerons ( mesh ) and / or vecta ( leather ) chairs , my group  typically will not be responsible for the replacement of those chairs as i ' m  not aware of who has taken the chairs or where they may have gone . my group  does not stock these chairs , therefore we order as requested by business  units and charge your co / rc . there will be two chairs delivered to the  locations mentioned below , however , they will not be the vecta or aeron  chairs .  you may want to contact enron security and maybe they can investigate further .  thanks ,  reggie  kevin g moore  04 / 18 / 2000 10 : 54 am  to : reggie wilson / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : replacement of stolen chairs  hi reggie ,  we spoke regarding the chairs on monday .  please , we need these chairs as soon as possible , without being charged .  we paid for all new chairs each time we moved and it ' s not fair we pay again .  thanks  kevin moore  p . s . these chairs were taken . . . . . . . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 04 / 18 / 2000 10 : 46  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : william smith @ enron 04 / 18 / 2000 10 : 00 am  to : reggie wilson / epsc / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  subject : replacement of stolen chairs  reggie ,  there may already be a request floating around for a standard black office  chair for ebl 972 d . it was stolen over a weekend several weeks ago . in  addition to that one , my own chair at eb 3132 a was stolen this past weekend .  could you come up with a couple of decent ones for us ?  if you need to charge them to us , our numbers are 0011 and 100038 . as  always , call me if you need to at x 58322 .  thanks !  sam smith",0,replacement stolen chairs fyi forwarded kevin g moore hou ect pm reggie wilson pm kevin g moore hou ect ect cc william smith corp enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect subject replacement stolen chairs kevin guys aerons mesh vecta leather chairs group typically responsible replacement chairs aware taken chairs may gone group stock chairs therefore order requested business units charge co rc two chairs delivered locations mentioned however vecta aeron chairs may want contact enron security maybe investigate thanks reggie kevin g moore reggie wilson epsc hou ect ect william smith corp enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject replacement stolen chairs hi reggie spoke regarding chairs monday please need chairs soon possible without charged paid new chairs time moved fair pay thanks kevin moore p chairs taken forwarded kevin g moore hou ect enron north america corp william smith enron reggie wilson epsc hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect kevin g moore hou ect ect subject replacement stolen chairs reggie may already request floating around standard black office chair ebl stolen weekend several weeks ago addition one chair eb stolen past weekend could come couple decent ones us need charge us numbers always call need x thanks sam smith
"Subject: re : request  thanks vince . this is great .  by the way , did you get copies of the journal with our paper ?  john  at 04 : 59 pm 3 / 23 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > no problem .  > i look forward to it .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 03 / 23 / 2001 09 : 04 : 44 am  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : request  >  >  > vince ,  >  > would you mind making a few luncheon comments to the texas finance festival  > group at our sat luncheon ? i struck out with andy and sheridan thought  > that you could relate very well to the group . how about it ?  >  > john  >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,request thanks vince great way get copies journal paper john pm wrote john problem look forward vince john martin vkamins enron com cc subject request vince would mind making luncheon comments texas finance festival group sat luncheon struck andy sheridan thought could relate well group john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: demand price elasticities  here are excerpts from some work i recently did for epri . perhaps you will  find it of some interest .  i don ' t have the right to send you the whole article but i was allowed to  send you some excerpts .  naturally , this is intended for you alone .  best regards ,  jhherbert  - t 64 - 67 nletter 1 - 01 rev . doc",0,demand price elasticities excerpts work recently epri perhaps find interest right send whole article allowed send excerpts naturally intended alone best regards jhherbert nletter rev doc
"Subject: the latest ( last ? )  intended for mark a . palmer . . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark s palmer / na / enron on 02 / 02 / 2001  08 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  02 / 02 / 2001 08 : 45 am  to : mark s palmer / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  subject : the latest ( last ? )  mark ,  i am sending you the final ( ? ) draft of the paper by john martin  on enron ' s transformation . john martin is a prof from baylor who visited us  a few weeks ago .  can you take a look at the paper and bless it . i haven ' t read this last  version  of the paper yet and i will go through it on weekend .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001  08 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" john d . martin "" on 02 / 01 / 2001 04 : 15 : 36 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : the latest ( last ? )  vince ,  attached is my latest attempt to wrap everything together . our timetable  is very short as we need an "" approved by enron "" version of the paper to don  by next wednesday . don has already made editorial changes for us and may  make some additional "" writing style "" changes but he doesn ' t change the  content .  i ' ll give you a call later today to alert you to the e - mail .  take care ,  john  p . s . i had a nice conversation with steve . sounds like he ' s landed a  pretty good contract with wiley .  - enron _ paper _ 2 _ 1 _ 01 . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,latest last intended mark palmer forwarded mark palmer na enron vince j kaminski ect mark palmer na enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect christie patrick hou ect ect subject latest last mark sending final draft paper john martin enron transformation john martin prof baylor visited us weeks ago take look paper bless read last version paper yet go weekend vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect john martin pm vkamins enron com cc subject latest last vince attached latest attempt wrap everything together timetable short need approved enron version paper next wednesday already made editorial changes us may make additional writing style changes change content give call later today alert e mail take care john p nice conversation steve sounds like landed pretty good contract wiley enron paper doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : wayne tow ' s resume  we are supposed to get back to the headhunter .  you can send her an e - mail ( please see the first message at the bottom of the  page  for the address ) .  vince  greg nikkel @ enron  02 / 02 / 2000 11 : 39 am  to : kathy kokas / corp / enron @ enron  cc : melissa becker / corp / enron @ enron , john gillespie / corp / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : wayne tow ' s resume  i will set - up a phone interview with him to assess his qualifications and  interest in the hr application support lead position .  vince , how was it left with the headhunter on how to contact him ?  greg  from : kathy kokas 02 / 02 / 2000 09 : 16 am  to : melissa becker / corp / enron @ enron  cc : greg nikkel / corp / enron @ enron , john gillespie / corp / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : wayne tow ' s resume  since i only talk to a very few headhunters that we ' ve already done business  with and who have provided good people , i ' ll say "" no , i have no current  needs "" which is what i tell every headhunter that calls ( at least one a day ) .  kk  melissa becker  02 / 01 / 2000 02 : 01 pm  to : kathy kokas / corp / enron @ enron , greg nikkel / corp / enron @ enron , john  gillespie / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : wayne tow ' s resume  kathy / greg / john - do we need the skills described in the attached resume on  the project team or in the permanent support group or in the esupply group ?  there are no personal recommendations associated this resume .  vince - thanks for keeping us in mind !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa becker / corp / enron on 02 / 01 / 2000  01 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  01 / 31 / 2000 09 : 04 am  to : melissa becker / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : wayne tow ' s resume  melissa ,  please , take a look at this resume . any interest ?  i got it from a headhunter ( i don ' t know her ,  it was a cold call on her part and she did not make a good impression ) .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2000  09 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  leewells @ swbell . net on 01 / 25 / 2000 05 : 34 : 57 pm  please respond to leewells @ swbell . net  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : wayne tow ' s resume  hi there mr . kaminski ! it was a pleasure to speak with you today . i look  forward to lunch one day soon at brennans .  wayne tow is a brilliant man , he worked for many years for a man i know  well . this man says , wayne is as good as it get , and he could do  anything that is assigned to him , and do it at a level in which he was  always amazed .  he loves the e - commerce area , and this is what he wants to do  thank you , vince .  lee wells  - wayne 2 . doc",0,wayne tow resume supposed get back headhunter send e mail please see first message bottom page address vince greg nikkel enron kathy kokas corp enron enron cc melissa becker corp enron enron john gillespie corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject wayne tow resume set phone interview assess qualifications interest hr application support lead position vince left headhunter contact greg kathy kokas melissa becker corp enron enron cc greg nikkel corp enron enron john gillespie corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject wayne tow resume since talk headhunters already done business provided good people say current needs tell every headhunter calls least one day kk melissa becker pm kathy kokas corp enron enron greg nikkel corp enron enron john gillespie corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject wayne tow resume kathy greg john need skills described attached resume project team permanent support group esupply group personal recommendations associated resume vince thanks keeping us mind forwarded melissa becker corp enron pm vince j kaminski ect melissa becker corp enron enron cc subject wayne tow resume melissa please take look resume interest got headhunter know cold call part make good impression vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect leewells swbell net pm please respond leewells swbell net vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject wayne tow resume hi mr kaminski pleasure speak today look forward lunch one day soon brennans wayne tow brilliant man worked many years man know well man says wayne good get could anything assigned level always amazed loves e commerce area wants thank vince lee wells wayne doc
"Subject: alp presentation  christie ,  shirley reserved room 49 cl for monday 4 : 00 p . m . presentation .  can you issue the formal invitation to our guests with the game / dinner  details ? i don ' t have all the details regarding the enron field  box and time . i am out most of the day on wednesday but we can  discuss the details on thursday .  hope to see you on saturday at the concert .  vince",0,alp presentation christie shirley reserved room cl monday p presentation issue formal invitation guests game dinner details details regarding enron field box time day wednesday discuss details thursday hope see saturday concert vince
"Subject: a message from joe sutton  today , i announce my departure from enron . enron is a great company and i  have enjoyed working with our terrific employees over the last eight years .  together , we have made enron a successful global company .  with enron  , s decreased emphasis on international asset development activity ,  however , i have decided to pursue opportunities where i can make greater use  of my skills and experience . i leave enron with wonderful memories of our  employees and the many successes we have achieved together . you have my best  wishes for enron  , s continued success .  joe",0,message joe sutton today announce departure enron enron great company enjoyed working terrific employees last eight years together made enron successful global company enron decreased emphasis international asset development activity however decided pursue opportunities make greater use skills experience leave enron wonderful memories employees many successes achieved together best wishes enron continued success joe
"Subject: storage modeling  john ,  i want to thank you for your compliment to the work that we have done for the  liberty  county storage facility valuation .  you and your talented associate ms . tian gave me a lot of valuable insights  to understand all  the aspects of the deal , so it was also a great learning experience for me .  if you think the research can help you in any way to your deals , storage ,  transport , mtbe , real options ,  or whatever , just let me know , we will get the job done .  zimin",0,storage modeling john want thank compliment work done liberty county storage facility valuation talented associate ms tian gave lot valuable insights understand aspects deal also great learning experience think research help way deals storage transport mtbe real options whatever let know get job done zimin
"Subject: credit risk model comments - at this point .  comments from rick jones on the credit reserve model . anita dupont is setting  up a meet with rick jones to discuss these . vince & bill - if you want to  join the meeting , please let me or anita know .  regards ,  krishna .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  04 / 11 / 2001 09 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  richard b jones @ ees  04 / 10 / 2001 04 : 16 pm  to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : credit risk model comments - at this point .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard b jones / hou / ees on 04 / 10 / 2001  04 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  richard b jones  03 / 23 / 2001 05 : 53 pm  to : cheryl lipshutz / hou / ees @ ees , trushar patel / corp / enron @ enron ,  michelle . wenz @ enron . com , gayle muench / enron @ enronxgate , jeremy  blachman / hou / ees @ ees  cc :  subject : credit risk model comments - at this point .  hi everyone ,  i have run the model and , along with the contract briefs i have some  questions the number of trials , numerical roundoff , and random number  generator randomness statistical properties . the first two are not a problem  in this application but the last one could be . has anyone examined the effect  of using different random number generators on enron  , s aggregate credit risk ?  7 ) there is one last point here . for most of the above points , the "" improved ""  analysis could make the credit risk be higher .  rick",0,credit risk model comments point comments rick jones credit reserve model anita dupont setting meet rick jones discuss vince bill want join meeting please let anita know regards krishna forwarded pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect richard b jones ees pm pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect cc subject credit risk model comments point forwarded richard b jones hou ees pm richard b jones pm cheryl lipshutz hou ees ees trushar patel corp enron enron michelle wenz enron com gayle muench enron enronxgate jeremy blachman hou ees ees cc subject credit risk model comments point hi everyone run model along contract briefs questions number trials numerical roundoff random number generator randomness statistical properties first two problem application last one could anyone examined effect using different random number generators enron aggregate credit risk one last point points improved analysis could make credit risk higher rick
"Subject: important united way reminder  reminder !  the united way executive breakfasts are one week away . please rsvp if you  have not already done so .  date : thursday , august 3 , 2000 ( hosted by joe sutton )  or  friday , august 4 , 2000 ( hosted by jeff skilling )  time : 7 : 45 - 9 : 00 a . m .  location : depelchin children  , s center  100 sandman ( near memorial and shepherd intersection )  rsvp : reply directly to this email or call jessica nunez , 853 - 1918 by  monday , july 31  transportation : bus will depart from the enron building ( andrews street  side ) promptly at 7 : 30 a . m . bus transportation is encouraged , due to limited  onsite parking . however , if you should need to drive , directions to depelchin  are below .  executive solicitation  executive solicitation kicked - off on july 24 and is well underway . as you  know , participation by enron  , s executive team is vital to the success of the  campaign . to make your contribution , please click on the following united  way link , http : / / unitedway . enron . com or go directly to internet explorer or  netscape and type in http : / / unitedway . enron . com in the address field . either  option should take you to enron  , s united way 2000 campaign site where you  should be able to make your pledge within minutes . please call kathy  mayfield , enron  , s campaign coordinator at 713 / 853 - 3264 if you have any  difficulties at all accessing the site .  we look forward to seeing you next week !  directions to depelchin children  , s center  ) 100 sandman ( 713 - 861 - 8136 )  from downtown houston  ? take prairie ( which turns into memorial ) or allen parkway west to shepherd .  ? turn right on shepherd .  ? turn left on feagan ( which is the first light after memorial . )  ? turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks .  from the galleria area  ? take 610 north to the woodway / memorial exit . exit and turn right on woodway .  ? woodway will turn into memorial and stay on memorial until you see the  shepherd exit .  ? exit shepherd and turn left on shepherd .  ? turn left on feagan ( which is the first light after memorial . )  ? turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks .  from north of downtown  ? take 45 or 59 south to i - 10 . go west on i - 10 .  ? take the shepherd / durham exit and go through the shepherd intersection to  durham . go left under the freeway on durham .  ? turn right on feagan ( which will be a light . )  ? turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks .",0,important united way reminder reminder united way executive breakfasts one week away please rsvp already done date thursday august hosted joe sutton friday august hosted jeff skilling time location depelchin children center sandman near memorial shepherd intersection rsvp reply directly email call jessica nunez monday july transportation bus depart enron building andrews street side promptly bus transportation encouraged due limited onsite parking however need drive directions depelchin executive solicitation executive solicitation kicked july well underway know participation enron executive team vital success campaign make contribution please click following united way link http unitedway enron com go directly internet explorer netscape type http unitedway enron com address field either option take enron united way campaign site able make pledge within minutes please call kathy mayfield enron campaign coordinator difficulties accessing site look forward seeing next week directions depelchin children center sandman downtown houston take prairie turns memorial allen parkway west shepherd turn right shepherd turn left feagan first light memorial turn left sandman drive couple blocks galleria area take north woodway memorial exit exit turn right woodway woodway turn memorial stay memorial see shepherd exit exit shepherd turn left shepherd turn left feagan first light memorial turn left sandman drive couple blocks north downtown take south go west take shepherd durham exit go shepherd intersection durham go left freeway durham turn right feagan light turn left sandman drive couple blocks
"Subject: 75 % reduction in road accidents  august , 2002  dear sir / madam ,  in case you have received this mail earlier , kindly ignore this mail . it may have  been re - sent to you by mistake . ours is not a mailing list and we have no intention of sending any regular mails to anybody .  we have devised a set of systems , which can reduce the damage caused to vehicles and deaths and injury caused to passengers and pedestrians in vehicular accidents by more than  seventy - five percent  we have already filed and are in process of filing further , multiple and appropriate disclosure documents , provisional patent applications at the united states patent & trademarks office ( uspto ) , and also applications under the patent co - operation treaty at world intellectual property organization ( wipo ) at geneva .  there is absolutely no doubt that our idea is new and innovative . moreover , we are very confident and very sure that this will help reducing / minimizing human suffering to a very large extent . there is no doubt that the product devised by us will change the face of the earth forever . brief details relating to our product are detailed in the annexures under the following headings :  statistics advantages  options  economics  we are looking for the followings :  01 . business consultancy and advice regarding the most viable , practical and profitable course of action under the circumstances and also consultancy on patents one person moderately injured every three seconds ; one person mildly injured every three seconds . )  ( c ) current yearly automobile sales worldwide - more than 1000 billion us $ .  ( d ) number of automobiles worldwide - more than 1000 billion pieces  ( e ) daily loss caused due to vehicular accidents worldwide  more than 2 billion us $ per day .  ( 2 % of the worldwide gross national product of more than 36500 billion us $ = more than 730 us $ per year = more than 2 billion us $ per day )  theadvantages of the technology developed by us :  a . the introduction of such technology will dramatically reduce the expenses of auto - insurance . this reduction of insurance cost will be at par with or even more that the expenses incurred towards the introduction of such technology in modern day vehicles . accordingly , the life insurance premier will also undergo drastic reduction . additionally , because of saving of lives , the outgo of the insurance companies will reduce substantially .  b . as per the who studies and projections , road accidents occupy the number nine positions by way of causes of death in the world today . it is projected by who that by the year 2020 they will occupy the number three positions , next only to heart disease and depression .  by introduction of this technology , we are sure that this will not happen . on the contrary there will be massive reduction in the number of deaths due to road accidents and road accidents may not figure on the list of major causes of death , in the year 2020 at all .  c . this technology will therefore , make all vehicles cheaper and safer . not only will the cost be reduced , safety which is priceless in itself , will also be greatly enhanced .  as and when the regular patent application is filed and patent is granted , the life of the patent will be 20 years . even at the current levels , with road accidents placed at number nine on the who list as a major cause of death , there is a daily loss of two billion us $ . even at the present level , over a period of twenty years , without any interest and without any compounding , this loss works out to be :  2 billion us $ x 365 days x 20 years - 14 , 600 billion us $ .  d . our technology will ensure that at least seventy - five percent of the above losses are prevented . such figure works out to be more that 10 , 000 billion us $ . it is important to note that this is the projection at the current level . as per the future projections , the incidents of road accidents are expected to increase . hence , the figure is likely to be increase very substantially . in addition the time factor and the interest factor will inflate this figure further .  e . at the current levels , more than 1 . 2 million persons are dying every year due to road accidents . even at the current rates , more than 24 million lives will be lost in road accidents over the next twenty years ( i . e . life of the patent , when granted ) . besides , at the current levels .  3 . 2 million people are injured every year . in the next twenty years , the number of people injured due to road accident , will therefore be more than half a billion .  f . if we add to that the personal , physical and psychological traumas to those directly involved in and also to those who are associated with the people involved in the road accidents . the trauma and the misery and henceforth the value of the savings , are all unmeasurable in quantities , presently known to human kind .  g . considering the figures and dynamics as explained hereinabove , it may not be improper or out of place to compare this technology with the introduction of electricity , computer or aircrafts in terms of its value to mankind .  h . the benefits of this technology will be so obvious and essential that , in the very near future , the use of this technology will become unavoidable . it should and will become mandatory by law , to install such technology and the installation of such technology should and will be a pre - requisite for granting or renewal of the registration and license of all vehicles in future .  i . as described hereinabove ; this technology and its utility are incomparable , outthought of , and unheard of till date . it will open a new floodgate in human travel and safety measures . in future , it can and will be applied to other mode of transport , like aircrafts and trains also .  . among other things , we have the following options available to us : - options  available to us : -  a - outright sale  ( a ) immediate outright sale of the idea and the concept along with our filed applications for one time lump sum consideration .  ( b ) further development of the concept and further filing of patent and all patent related applications , before taking steps as outlined in "" a "" .  the process ( b ) will obviously increase the realization in terms of price .  b - licencing options  i ) new vehicles - granting of licenses to manufacturers of automobiles , individually or collectively , all over the world for incorporation in the automobiles to be manufactured in future on fixed time or per piece basis .  ii ) conversion of existing vehicles - to independent agents for conversion of the existing more than 1000 billion vehicles all over the world .  c - combined options  a collaborative arrangement with some private and / or government agency wherein we receive a certain down payment and then jointly distribute the licensing rights on a pre - decided sharing ( partnership ) arrangement .  the economics of the project will be as follows : -  1 ) in case any / all processes and systems described by us are incorporated in the design of new vehicles and the new vehicles are manufactured in accordance with the modified designs , the cost escalation may not be more than 5 % to 8 % , and the safety and the protection will be ten times ( more than ) the price escalation . hence , drop in insurance premier will compensate for the cost escalation .  2 ) in case , the existing vehicles are modified , the cost involved will be approximately 10 % to 15 % of the value of the vehicle .  but partial modifications at a lower cost , which will give partial protection , may also be carried out . as a thumb rule , the cost of modification in percentage terms will be about one fifth of the percentage of safety and protection provided .  3 ) in case the value of the vehicles is low or the life of the vehicle is about to expire , the partial modifications may be practically and economically viable , as incorporation onto a new vehicle is relatively less expensive and more protective .  4 ) there are more than 1000 billion motor vehicles in the world at present . besides there are an unspecified number of non - motorized ehicles .  5 ) almost all of them can be converted in phased manner to a variable degree . the cost of conversion will be directly proportional to their current market value and the safety shield to be generated there from .  6 ) among the motorised vehicles , the conversion cost may work out of few dollars for every percent of safety shield created the exact calculation can be worked out , but over all , some of the methods may provide more safety at lower cost compared to the other which may differ in efficiency .  7 ) even if we consider a very vague and approximate cost of conversion of 300 us $ per vehicle , the conversion industry works out to be worth 3 , 00 , 000 billion us $ .  8 ) realising the potential of the product in terms of human safety , it will be reasonable to presume that majority of such conversion will be completed over a period of three years from the starting date .  9 ) as pointed hereinabove , the size of the conversion industry may be estimated to , in the range of 1 , 00 , 000 billion us $ per year over the next three years .  10 ) alternatively , considering the diversity of available motorised vehicles all over the world , conversion licensing can also be commercially viable proposition . for such conversion , licenses can be granted on - line , on receipt of on - line payments . in that case , different rates for granting conversion to vehicles having specific registration numbers can be granted in accordance with and in proportion to the size , carrying capacity and the engine power of the vehicle .  11 ) in case , licensing is done , the creation and installation of the concerned systems will be done by the end - user , as per his circumstances and needs . however , piracy is likely to be a major problem in such licensing .  12 ) it is likely that as and when the systems are introduced in the motorised vehicles , unusual and unprecedented demand of new vehicles is created . this will result in massive rejection of the vehicles currently playing all over the world and stimulate an entirely new market as far as motorised vehicle is concerned . the size of such market is difficult to either comprehend and / or estimate .  p . s .  1 ) some of the figures have been rounded off but generally the figures are correct .  2 ) we have tried to keep this communication brief and to the point . more details , including website references are available with us and can be provided , if required . ",1,reduction road accidents august dear sir madam case received mail earlier kindly ignore mail may sent mistake mailing list intention sending regular mails anybody devised set systems reduce damage caused vehicles deaths injury caused passengers pedestrians vehicular accidents seventy five percent already filed process filing multiple appropriate disclosure documents provisional patent applications united states patent trademarks office uspto also applications patent co operation treaty world intellectual property organization wipo geneva absolutely doubt idea new innovative moreover confident sure help reducing minimizing human suffering large extent doubt product devised us change face earth forever brief details relating product detailed annexures following headings statistics advantages options economics looking followings business consultancy advice regarding viable practical profitable course action circumstances also consultancy patents one person moderately injured every three seconds one person mildly injured every three seconds c current yearly automobile sales worldwide billion us number automobiles worldwide billion pieces e daily loss caused due vehicular accidents worldwide billion us per day worldwide gross national product billion us us per year billion us per day theadvantages technology developed us introduction technology dramatically reduce expenses auto insurance reduction insurance cost par even expenses incurred towards introduction technology modern day vehicles accordingly life insurance premier also undergo drastic reduction additionally saving lives outgo insurance companies reduce substantially b per studies projections road accidents occupy number nine positions way causes death world today projected year occupy number three positions next heart disease depression introduction technology sure happen contrary massive reduction number deaths due road accidents road accidents may figure list major causes death year c technology therefore make vehicles cheaper safer cost reduced safety priceless also greatly enhanced regular patent application filed patent granted life patent years even current levels road accidents placed number nine list major cause death daily loss two billion us even present level period twenty years without interest without compounding loss works billion us x days x years billion us technology ensure least seventy five percent losses prevented figure works billion us important note projection current level per future projections incidents road accidents expected increase hence figure likely increase substantially addition time factor interest factor inflate figure e current levels million persons dying every year due road accidents even current rates million lives lost road accidents next twenty years e life patent granted besides current levels million people injured every year next twenty years number people injured due road accident therefore half billion f add personal physical psychological traumas directly involved also associated people involved road accidents trauma misery henceforth value savings unmeasurable quantities presently known human kind g considering figures dynamics explained hereinabove may improper place compare technology introduction electricity computer aircrafts terms value mankind h benefits technology obvious essential near future use technology become unavoidable become mandatory law install technology installation technology pre requisite granting renewal registration license vehicles future described hereinabove technology utility incomparable outthought unheard till date open new floodgate human travel safety measures future applied mode transport like aircrafts trains also among things following options available us options available us outright sale immediate outright sale idea concept along filed applications one time lump sum consideration b development concept filing patent patent related applications taking steps outlined process b obviously increase realization terms price b licencing options new vehicles granting licenses manufacturers automobiles individually collectively world incorporation automobiles manufactured future fixed time per piece basis ii conversion existing vehicles independent agents conversion existing billion vehicles world c combined options collaborative arrangement private government agency wherein receive certain payment jointly distribute licensing rights pre decided sharing partnership arrangement economics project follows case processes systems described us incorporated design new vehicles new vehicles manufactured accordance modified designs cost escalation may safety protection ten times price escalation hence drop insurance premier compensate cost escalation case existing vehicles modified cost involved approximately value vehicle partial modifications lower cost give partial protection may also carried thumb rule cost modification percentage terms one fifth percentage safety protection provided case value vehicles low life vehicle expire partial modifications may practically economically viable incorporation onto new vehicle relatively less expensive protective billion motor vehicles world present besides unspecified number non motorized ehicles almost converted phased manner variable degree cost conversion directly proportional current market value safety shield generated among motorised vehicles conversion cost may work dollars every percent safety shield created exact calculation worked methods may provide safety lower cost compared may differ efficiency even consider vague approximate cost conversion us per vehicle conversion industry works worth billion us realising potential product terms human safety reasonable presume majority conversion completed period three years starting date pointed hereinabove size conversion industry may estimated range billion us per year next three years alternatively considering diversity available motorised vehicles world conversion licensing also commercially viable proposition conversion licenses granted line receipt line payments case different rates granting conversion vehicles specific registration numbers granted accordance proportion size carrying capacity engine power vehicle case licensing done creation installation concerned systems done end user per circumstances needs however piracy likely major problem licensing likely systems introduced motorised vehicles unusual unprecedented demand new vehicles created result massive rejection vehicles currently playing world stimulate entirely new market far motorised vehicle concerned size market difficult either comprehend estimate p figures rounded generally figures correct tried keep communication brief point details including website references available us provided required
"Subject: re : real options  paul ,  we have done a lot of work in this area . i shall call you later  today ( monday my time ) , tuesday morning your time with  some recommendations .  vince  p . s . shirley , please send a real options binder to paul .  vince  from : paul smith @ enron _ development on 03 / 30 / 2001 08 : 42 am zel 0  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond  yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : real options  vince ,  the sydney office is currently evaluating a proposal that involves an option  to participate in building a wind farm . should this proceed , we would like to  mark this option "" to market "" .  have the research group completed any work on methods for booking and  remarking real options ? alternatively , do you have any suggestions as to the  best way to value , and book , real options fairly ?  regards  paul smith",0,real options paul done lot work area shall call later today monday time tuesday morning time recommendations vince p shirley please send real options binder paul vince paul smith enron development zel vince j kaminski ect cc paul quilkey enron development enron development raymond yeow enron development enron development subject real options vince sydney office currently evaluating proposal involves option participate building wind farm proceed would like mark option market research group completed work methods booking remarking real options alternatively suggestions best way value book real options fairly regards paul smith
"Subject: home loans just got better !  free service to  homeowners !  home loans available for any situation .  whether  your credit rating is a + + or you are credit challenged ,  we have many loan programs through hundreds of lenders .  second mortgages - we can help you get up to 125 % of your  homes value ( ratios vary by state ) .  refinancing - reduce your monthly payments and get  cash back .  debt  consolidation - combine all your bills into one ,  and save money every month .  click  here for all details and a free loan quotation  today !  we strongly oppose the  use of spam email and do not want anyone who does not wish to receive  ourmailings to receive them . as a result , we have retained the  services of an independent 3 rd party toadminister our list management  and remove list ( http : / / www . removeyou . com / ) . this is not  spam . if youdo not wish to receive further mailings , please click  below and enter your email at the bottomof the page . you may then  rest - assured that you will never receive another email from usagain .  http : / / www . removeyou . com / the 21 st  century solution . i . d . # 023154",1,home loans got better free service homeowners home loans available situation whether credit rating credit challenged many loan programs hundreds lenders second mortgages help get homes value ratios vary state refinancing reduce monthly payments get cash back debt consolidation combine bills one save money every month click details free loan quotation today strongly oppose use spam email want anyone wish receive ourmailings receive result retained services independent rd party toadminister list management remove list http www removeyou com spam youdo wish receive mailings please click enter email bottomof page may rest assured never receive another email usagain http www removeyou com st century solution
"Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details  the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 06 : 09 - 0400  from root @ localhost  - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - -  antique  ( reason : can ' t create ( user ) output file )  ( expanded from : )  - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - -  procmail : quota exceeded while writing "" / var / spool / mail / antique ""  550 5 . 0 . 0 antique . . . can ' t create output",1,returned mail see transcript details original message received tue jul root localhost following addresses permanent fatal errors antique reason create user output file expanded transcript session follows procmail quota exceeded writing var spool mail antique antique create output
"Subject: career opportunities @ enron  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jens gobel / corp / enron on 03 / 15 / 2000 09 : 51  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gordian kemen on 03 / 15 / 2000 09 : 13 : 47 am  to : jens . gobel @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : bei enron  hi jens ,  anbei findest du meinen cv in englisch als pdf - file .  ein treffen in austin wuerde mir gut passen . diesen feitag wegen sehr spaeter  ankunft ausgenommen , ginge es prinzipiell an beiden wochenenden . ich muesste  allerdings vorher noch abklaeren , was meine schwiegereltern konkret an events  geplant haben . wann wuerde es dir denn passen ? ich gebe dir jetzt auf jeden  fall schon mal die telefonnr . meiner in - laws : ( 512 ) 301 - 9819 , damit wir uns  nicht verpassen . bist du in austin oder mobil erreichbar ?  schoene gruesse und vielen dank fuer dein engagement .  gordian  - gordianresume . pdf  - - - - - - - - -  gordian kemen , dipl . - volksw .  universit , t mannheim | | university of mannheim  lehrstuhl f _ r finanzierung | | chair of finance  l 5 , 2  d - 68131 mannheim  germany  fon : + 49 621 181 - 1524  fax : + 49 621 181 - 1519  mailto : g . kemen @ uni - mannheim . de  - - - - - - - -",0,career opportunities enron forwarded jens gobel corp enron gordian kemen jens gobel enron com cc subject bei enron hi jens anbei findest du meinen cv englisch als pdf file ein treffen austin wuerde mir gut passen diesen feitag wegen sehr spaeter ankunft ausgenommen ginge es prinzipiell beiden wochenenden ich muesste allerdings vorher noch abklaeren meine schwiegereltern konkret events geplant haben wann wuerde es dir denn passen ich gebe dir jetzt auf jeden fall schon mal die telefonnr meiner laws damit wir uns nicht verpassen bist du austin oder mobil erreichbar schoene gruesse und vielen dank fuer dein engagement gordian gordianresume pdf gordian kemen dipl volksw universit mannheim university mannheim lehrstuhl f r finanzierung chair finance l mannheim germany fon fax mailto g kemen uni mannheim de
"Subject: hr deadlines and action items  please forward to all your direct reports  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by norma villarreal / hou / ect on 11 / 16 / 2000  11 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  norma villarreal  11 / 16 / 2000 11 : 23 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : hr deadlines and action items  pep system for feedback  action item  employees need to provide feedback on requested employees  supervisor ' s need to contact employee ' s requested reviewers ( via phone mail  or email ) who have not submitted feedback .  deadline for pep feedback : friday , november 17 , 2000 cst  open enrollment for 20001 benefit election  action item  employees who want change their benefit election need to go to  www . enron . benefitsnow . com or call 1 ( 800 ) 425 - 5864 . if you do not have your  2001 enrolment personal worksheet which contains your personal identification  number please contact benefits at 1 ( 800 ) 3327373 option 1 .  extended deadline : friday , november 17 , 2000 , 5 p . m . cst  bonus defferal election  action item  employees wishing to receive stock options and phantom stock in lieu of all  or a portion of the cash bonus received during 20001 can will need to access  ehronline . enron . com .  deadline : friday , december 8 , 2000 cst  please let me know if you have any questions .  norma villarreal  hr generalist  x 31545",0,hr deadlines action items please forward direct reports forwarded norma villarreal hou ect norma villarreal vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect cc sheila walton hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject hr deadlines action items pep system feedback action item employees need provide feedback requested employees supervisor need contact employee requested reviewers via phone mail email submitted feedback deadline pep feedback friday november cst open enrollment benefit election action item employees want change benefit election need go www enron benefitsnow com call enrolment personal worksheet contains personal identification number please contact benefits option extended deadline friday november p cst bonus defferal election action item employees wishing receive stock options phantom stock lieu portion cash bonus received need access ehronline enron com deadline friday december cst please let know questions norma villarreal hr generalist x
"Subject: continue enjoying iijournals - - renew today !  dear vince kaminski ,  we hope you are enjoying the benefits of receiving market - leading , rigorous and current research from industry experts through your subscription to derivatives quarterly .  unfortunately , your subscription is about to expire ! by renewing now , your access to the web site and to your print copies will be uninterrupted .  you can continue to get the exclusive research and practical advice for financial practitioners - written by the best minds in your business !  click here to renew today  thank you .",0,continue enjoying iijournals renew today dear vince kaminski hope enjoying benefits receiving market leading rigorous current research industry experts subscription derivatives quarterly unfortunately subscription expire renewing access web site print copies uninterrupted continue get exclusive research practical advice financial practitioners written best minds business click renew today thank
"Subject: re : powerisk 2001 - your invitation  angelika ,  thanks for the invitation .  yes , i shall be glad to attend and repeat the same presentation .  vince  angelika staude on 04 / 09 / 2001 04 : 19 : 08 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : powerisk 2001 - your invitation  powerisk 2001  the global premier forumforenergy trading & risk management  6 th - 9 th november 2001 , paris  dear mr kaminski ,  i am responsible for the programme of this year ' s powerisk conference in paris . helyette geman has informed me that she has contacted you concerning the workshop and that you are happy to do it with her again this year - brilliant !  i would like to know if you are also interested in delivering a paper again . the audience in previous years greatly appreciated your contribution , and i would me more than happy if you could join us again .  to give you an idea of the programme so far , these are the ( "" technical "" ) topics that are already covered :  chris strickland : forward curve models with jumps for the pricing of exotic energy contracts  multi - factor forward curve models for the valuation of energy contracts  adding jumps  applying the models to exotic energy options  extensions to multiple energy contracts  les clewlow : valuation and risk management of virtual power stations and gas supply agreements  structures of gas supply agreements ( gsa )  relationships between physical and virtual power stations ( pps / vps )  valuation methods for gsa ' s and vps ' s  risk analysis of gsa ' s and vps ' s  derek bunn , professor of decision sciences , london business school : analysing the impact of neta on market efficiency & volatility in the uk energy market  chris harris , director of market development . operations and engineering , innogy : applying cutting - edge portfolio management theory in order to optimise your risk exposure  establishing and valuing the key factors using a bottom up approach  looking at the interconnection between key factors  the treatment of the risk of infrequent but high impact events  peter nance , principal , teknecon : combining power systems and monte carlo simulations for effective pricing  dan mansfeld , head of risk control , vattenfall : assessing the benefits and risks of using derivatives as part of your risk management strategy  spyros maragos : analysing new approaches to building forward curves from available market data  tamara weinert , credit and contracts manager , mirant energy : successfully measuring limit setting ; risk reducing structures  importance of credit in the organizational structure : reporting ; dependence ; structure of credit department  brett humphreys : examining cutting - edge credit exposure mitigation tools : combining counterparty and portfolio credit var techniques  helyette geman : pricing of exotic energy derivatives and structured contracts  please let me know if you are interested in joining the powerisk 2001 speaker panel , and which topic you would like to cover . i think that something along the lines of last year ' s talk ( state - of - the - art volatility and correlation estimation techniques for multiple energy portfolios ) would be brilliant again , but please feel free to chose something else that has not been covered yet .  i look forward to hearing from you ,  kind regards ,  angelika staude  director powerisk 2001  tel : 0044 207 915 5675  fax : 0044 207 915 5101  ps : for your information , please find enclosed a list of confirmed speakers for powerisk 2001 .  - confirmed speakers . doc",0,powerisk invitation angelika thanks invitation yes shall glad attend repeat presentation vince angelika staude vince j kaminski enron com cc subject powerisk invitation powerisk global premier forumforenergy trading risk management th th november paris dear mr kaminski responsible programme year powerisk conference paris helyette geman informed contacted concerning workshop happy year brilliant would like know also interested delivering paper audience previous years greatly appreciated contribution would happy could join us give idea programme far technical topics already covered chris strickland forward curve models jumps pricing exotic energy contracts multi factor forward curve models valuation energy contracts adding jumps applying models exotic energy options extensions multiple energy contracts les clewlow valuation risk management virtual power stations gas supply agreements structures gas supply agreements gsa relationships physical virtual power stations pps vps valuation methods gsa vps risk analysis gsa vps derek bunn professor decision sciences london business school analysing impact neta market efficiency volatility uk energy market chris harris director market development operations engineering innogy applying cutting edge portfolio management theory order optimise risk exposure establishing valuing key factors using bottom approach looking interconnection key factors treatment risk infrequent high impact events peter nance principal teknecon combining power systems monte carlo simulations effective pricing dan mansfeld head risk control vattenfall assessing benefits risks using derivatives part risk management strategy spyros maragos analysing new approaches building forward curves available market data tamara weinert credit contracts manager mirant energy successfully measuring limit setting risk reducing structures importance credit organizational structure reporting dependence structure credit department brett humphreys examining cutting edge credit exposure mitigation tools combining counterparty portfolio credit var techniques helyette geman pricing exotic energy derivatives structured contracts please let know interested joining powerisk speaker panel topic would like cover think something along lines last year talk state art volatility correlation estimation techniques multiple energy portfolios would brilliant please feel free chose something else covered yet look forward hearing kind regards angelika staude director powerisk tel fax ps information please find enclosed list confirmed speakers powerisk confirmed speakers doc
"Subject: re : turkey  the group to whom this message was sent is rac in london , related to london ' s  focus on enron ' s equity interest in opet ( $ 18 million exposure ) .  gwyn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 59  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gwyn koepke  04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 58 pm  to : suryan wirya simunovic / lon / ect @ ect  cc : gkoepke @ enron . com @ ect , jolyon manning / eu / enron @ enron , padmesh  thuraisingham / lon / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / lon / ect @ ect , mitra  mujica / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : turkey  suryan ,  please find attached a brief on turkey , per your request . as stated in the  brief , this is a preliminary forecast and is subject to change upon further  government announcements related to external financing and monetary / fx  policies .  gwyn koepke  suryan wirya simunovic @ ect  04 / 19 / 2001 10 : 48 am  to : gkoepke @ enron . com  cc : jolyon manning / eu / enron @ enron , padmesh thuraisingham / lon / ect @ ect  subject : turkey  gwyn ,  paddy and i spoke to you earlier today regarding eel ' s turkish investment .  you mentioned that you could send us a brief report on what has been going on  in turkey in the last couple of weeks . as we are having a meeting tomorrow  am could you still send us this report before business closing houston to  myself , paddy and jolyon manning .  thank you  suryan wirya simunovic",0,turkey group message sent rac london related london focus enron equity interest opet million exposure gwyn forwarded gwyn koepke na enron pm gwyn koepke pm suryan wirya simunovic lon ect ect cc gkoepke enron com ect jolyon manning eu enron enron padmesh thuraisingham lon ect ect maureen raymond lon ect ect mitra mujica enron enronxgate subject turkey suryan please find attached brief turkey per request stated brief preliminary forecast subject change upon government announcements related external financing monetary fx policies gwyn koepke suryan wirya simunovic ect gkoepke enron com cc jolyon manning eu enron enron padmesh thuraisingham lon ect ect subject turkey gwyn paddy spoke earlier today regarding eel turkish investment mentioned could send us brief report going turkey last couple weeks meeting tomorrow could still send us report business closing houston paddy jolyon manning thank suryan wirya simunovic
"Subject: re : marketpoint license agreement  dale ,  thanks for your message . in our phone conversation before the meeting you  mentioned  another contractual arrangement under which we could work with your company  employees on a case - study .  the cost of a weekly project would be $ 12 , 000 that would be applied to the  purchase price should  we go ahead and decide to acquire the software . this project would allow us  to evaluate the model and  come up with an estimate of the manpower necessary to support the model  internally .  please , let me know more about this option .  we are primarily interested in a long - term natural gas model and the database  for north america .  unless a familiarity with the short term model is a prerequisite , we don ' t  have resources to spend too much time on it .  of course , a trading desk may be interested in the short term  version of the model . i shall talk to them about it .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 11 / 13 / 2000 06 : 00 : 05 pm  to : , "" vince . j . kaminski ""  cc :  subject : marketpoint license agreement  john / vince :  i really enjoyed the meeting the other day with you and a broad cross  section of your people . thank you very much for setting it up , and thank  you for giving me the opportunity to speak with your people .  as i mentioned to john , i am sending you the license paperwork for  marketpoint . i have attached our standard license agreement for your  consideration . as i mentioned , the license agreement covers the entire  bundled product , which includes  ? north american gas , short and long term  ? north american electricity , short and long term  ? world gas  ? western european gas  ? world oil  we are just finishing porting the world oil , world gas , and western european  gas models over from our old ( now obsolete ) software system into  marketpoint , so they will not be fully tested and complete for a couple of  months . however , the gas and electricity models for north america are  presently complete and tested . that should allow us to give you an  attractive price before the full worldwide toolkit is available throughout  your worldwide business .  as i understood it , you will want the gas modeling capability first and will  want to defer decisions on electric or other capability . as i mentioned at  the meeting , we are prepared to offer that for approximately  the fully  bundled price . as you read the license agreement , you will see that the  software licenses for $ 100 , 000 annually , the gas data for $ 5 , 000 , and the  electric data for $ 10 , 000 . marketpoint will agree to license you the gas  model plus the data for  the software license plus the data license for a  total of $ 55 , 000 annually . this is just under  the fully bundled price . i  think that is consistent with the discussions at our meeting , and from  marketpoint  , s perspective would provide a great basis to move forward  together with enron . if or when enron ever desires to  & scale up  8 to another  model or model ( s ) from the marketpoint portfolio , we will simply scale you  up to the entire license agreement . this will allow you to decouple the gas  decision from any other decisions you might make . ( i will be glad to put  this additional pricing provision into the agreement if you decide to move  forward . )  i felt i was able to communicate the philosophy , scope , and operation of our  approach during the meeting and to deliver you much of the information you  might need to evaluate whether marketpoint meets your needs . i thought you  were able to see the depth and sophistication of the product yet at the same  time its simplicity and effectiveness . i thought you were able to see the  benefits of the marketpoint dimension of economic equilibrium as a  complement and supplement to other approaches you will assuredly use . i  would be interested in your impressions and those of your colleagues . i  look forward to your response and to moving ahead together . we view you as  a very important prospective customer and client and will work with you to  earn and secure your business .  if you decide to license marketpoint , we can arrange to transfer and mount  marketpoint and the short term narg model ( which is the model we suggest you  begin with ) and travel to houston to deliver our 1  day training seminar .  our clients are usually very fluent after that 1  day training seminar .  thereafter , we would want you to work with the short term narg model for a  few weeks while you get up to speed , very fluent , and very comfortable  before you take delivery of the longer term version of narg several weeks  later .  thanks again , and all the best . if there is some item from the meeting that  i might have forgotten to send , please remind me . my notes don ' t show  anything , but i was speaking a lot rather than writing notes during the  meeting and might have overlooked something someone wanted .  dale nesbitt  president  marketpoint inc .  27121 adonna ct .  los altos hills , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069  dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com  - license . doc",0,marketpoint license agreement dale thanks message phone conversation meeting mentioned another contractual arrangement could work company employees case study cost weekly project would would applied purchase price go ahead decide acquire software project would allow us evaluate model come estimate manpower necessary support model internally please let know option primarily interested long term natural gas model database north america unless familiarity short term model prerequisite resources spend much time course trading desk may interested short term version model shall talk vince dale nesbitt pm vince j kaminski cc subject marketpoint license agreement john vince really enjoyed meeting day broad cross section people thank much setting thank giving opportunity speak people mentioned john sending license paperwork marketpoint attached standard license agreement consideration mentioned license agreement covers entire bundled product includes north american gas short long term north american electricity short long term world gas western european gas world oil finishing porting world oil world gas western european gas models old obsolete software system marketpoint fully tested complete couple months however gas electricity models north america presently complete tested allow us give attractive price full worldwide toolkit available throughout worldwide business understood want gas modeling capability first want defer decisions electric capability mentioned meeting prepared offer approximately fully bundled price read license agreement see software licenses annually gas data electric data marketpoint agree license gas model plus data software license plus data license total annually fully bundled price think consistent discussions meeting marketpoint perspective would provide great basis move forward together enron enron ever desires scale another model model marketpoint portfolio simply scale entire license agreement allow decouple gas decision decisions might make glad put additional pricing provision agreement decide move forward felt able communicate philosophy scope operation approach meeting deliver much information might need evaluate whether marketpoint meets needs thought able see depth sophistication product yet time simplicity effectiveness thought able see benefits marketpoint dimension economic equilibrium complement supplement approaches assuredly use would interested impressions colleagues look forward response moving ahead together view important prospective customer client work earn secure business decide license marketpoint arrange transfer mount marketpoint short term narg model model suggest begin travel houston deliver day training seminar clients usually fluent day training seminar thereafter would want work short term narg model weeks get speed fluent comfortable take delivery longer term version narg several weeks later thanks best item meeting might forgotten send please remind notes show anything speaking lot rather writing notes meeting might overlooked something someone wanted dale nesbitt president marketpoint inc adonna ct los altos hills ca dale nesbitt marketpointinc com license doc
"Subject: re : tiger team - wharton participants  i lied a little - 2 people from the bottom of the list did submit resumes - i  got discouraged and didn ' t check everyone .  michele nezi marvin  manager  enron broadband services  ( 713 ) 853 - 6848  michele nezi marvin  01 / 10 / 01 06 : 18 pm  to : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron  cc : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : tiger team - wharton participants  are these students first or second years ? if they are first years , we did  not have a single one submit a resume for the summer associate position .  michele nezi marvin  manager  enron broadband services  ( 713 ) 853 - 6848  kristin gandy @ enron  01 / 03 / 01 10 : 17 am  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , william keeney / hou / ect @ ect , catherine  clark / hou / ect @ ect , rajesh chettiar / enron _ development @ enron _ development , tom  dutta / hou / ect @ ect , jayshree desai / hou / ect @ ect , colin jackson / enron  communications @ enron communications , laura howenstine / enron  communications @ enron communications , michele nezi marvin / enron  communications @ enron communications , jennifer fraser / hou / ect @ ect , natalie  halich / enron communications @ enron communications , ranabir  dutt / corp / enron @ enron , teresa dyar / na / enron @ enron , jeff golden / hou / ees @ ees ,  charles ward / corp / enron @ enron , sarah wesner / corp / enron @ enron , li  sun / na / enron @ enron , gillian johnson / na / enron @ enron , lisa  connolly / na / enron @ enron , michael j popkin / na / enron @ enron , kevin  mcgowan / corp / enron @ enron , evan betzer / enron communications @ enron  communications , jebong lee / enron communications @ enron communications , chu chu  wang / corp / enron @ enron , brad hitch / eu / enron @ enron , betsy bassis / enron  communications @ enron communications , matthew goering / hou / ect @ ect , claude  tellis / enron @ enronxgate  cc :  subject : tiger team - wharton participants  attached below is a list of individuals that will be participating in the  tiger team event at enron in houston on the 18 th of january . keep these  people in mind when it comes time to pick candidates to interview for the  spring . call if you have any questions and i am still looking for wharton  alum who would like to attend the dinner at churrasco ' s that same evening .  thank you ,  kristin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kristin gandy / na / enron on 01 / 03 / 2001  10 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  melinda mccarty  01 / 03 / 2001 09 : 43 am  to : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : tiger team - wharton participants  vincent chen  nicholas levitt  deepa mallik  jack rejtman  heather thorne  donna piazze  kim whitsel  tulika bhalla  jaideep singh  edson otani  joshua leventhal  pat henahan  gustavo palazzi  clay degiacinto  steve lessar  ram vittal  omar bassel  jason cummins  dennis feerick",0,tiger team wharton participants lied little people bottom list submit resumes got discouraged check everyone michele nezi marvin manager enron broadband services michele nezi marvin pm kristin gandy na enron enron cc jeffrey shankman hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject tiger team wharton participants students first second years first years single one submit resume summer associate position michele nezi marvin manager enron broadband services kristin gandy enron jeffrey shankman hou ect ect william keeney hou ect ect catherine clark hou ect ect rajesh chettiar enron development enron development tom dutta hou ect ect jayshree desai hou ect ect colin jackson enron communications enron communications laura howenstine enron communications enron communications michele nezi marvin enron communications enron communications jennifer fraser hou ect ect natalie halich enron communications enron communications ranabir dutt corp enron enron teresa dyar na enron enron jeff golden hou ees ees charles ward corp enron enron sarah wesner corp enron enron li sun na enron enron gillian johnson na enron enron lisa connolly na enron enron michael j popkin na enron enron kevin mcgowan corp enron enron evan betzer enron communications enron communications jebong lee enron communications enron communications chu chu wang corp enron enron brad hitch eu enron enron betsy bassis enron communications enron communications matthew goering hou ect ect claude tellis enron enronxgate cc subject tiger team wharton participants attached list individuals participating tiger team event enron houston th january keep people mind comes time pick candidates interview spring call questions still looking wharton alum would like attend dinner churrasco evening thank kristin forwarded kristin gandy na enron melinda mccarty kristin gandy na enron enron cc subject tiger team wharton participants vincent chen nicholas levitt deepa mallik jack rejtman heather thorne donna piazze kim whitsel tulika bhalla jaideep singh edson otani joshua leventhal pat henahan gustavo palazzi clay degiacinto steve lessar ram vittal omar bassel jason cummins dennis feerick
"Subject: dinner for summer interns  vince ,  thursday , july 27 , seems to work for everyone for our summer intern  dinner . i have also told this date to  datren  ainsley  cantekin  brad  giuseppe and  seville  and asked mike roberts to tell his two summer interns .  please let me know if we are overlooking anyone .  stinson",0,dinner summer interns vince thursday july seems work everyone summer intern dinner also told date datren ainsley cantekin brad giuseppe seville asked mike roberts tell two summer interns please let know overlooking anyone stinson
"Subject: message 2  i am sorry to send you the multi - email , because the mail server doesn ' t have  enough memory . it always cause some troubles .  ps : attached with my paper entitled "" multireset american - style put options  valuation and optimal resetting "" .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au  room : 67 - 622 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428  department of mathematics , the university of queensland  - multiresets . ps",0,message sorry send multi email mail server enough memory always cause troubles ps attached paper entitled multireset american style put options valuation optimal resetting quentin kerr email qkerr maths uq edu au room tel department mathematics university queensland multiresets ps
"Subject: re : java training  stinson -  looks like we ' re in , to split the costs of the class with you . george will  contact you soon .  clayton  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by clayton vernon / corp / enron on 01 / 29 / 2001  08 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lloyd will @ ect  01 / 29 / 2001 08 : 38 am  to : george hopley / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : java training  sounds good .  george please coordinate our attendance .  thanks .  george hopley  01 / 27 / 2001 01 : 29 pm  to : lloyd will / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : java training  let ' s offer this to the analysts / specialists .  george  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george hopley / hou / ect on 01 / 27 / 2001 01 : 29  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  clayton vernon @ enron  01 / 27 / 2001 09 : 06 am  to : george hopley / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : java training  george -  here ' s the story .  research forwarded to their personnel a solicitation they received for java  training by an outside person , weeklong classes for true beginners and for  those with decent programming experience in other languages ( esp c + + ) . vince  had pre - agreed tlo pay for it for anyone who wanted it . but , the response  they got was so "" overwhelming "" they reconsidered , for financial reasons , and  decided it would be better to just hire a professor to teach a class for a  week here . the costs would be around $ 15 , 000 , and there should be room for  around 15 people in the class . they have 6 - 8 people , and wonder if we might  have some people who would want to do it ( a no - brainer - java is a big - time  resume pad these days ) and would be willing to share the costs with them .  what is your opinion on this ? personally , i think it ' s a relatively  inexpensive investment in our people , although , selfishly , it does increase  their ' market value ' so to speak . ( of course , nothing keeps directors from  going to the class as well : ) )  clayton",0,java training stinson looks like split costs class george contact soon clayton forwarded clayton vernon corp enron lloyd ect george hopley hou ect ect clayton vernon corp enron enron cc subject java training sounds good george please coordinate attendance thanks george hopley pm lloyd hou ect ect cc subject java training let offer analysts specialists george forwarded george hopley hou ect pm clayton vernon enron george hopley hou ect ect cc subject java training george story research forwarded personnel solicitation received java training outside person weeklong classes true beginners decent programming experience languages esp c vince pre agreed tlo pay anyone wanted response got overwhelming reconsidered financial reasons decided would better hire professor teach class week costs would around room around people class people wonder might people would want brainer java big time resume pad days would willing share costs opinion personally think relatively inexpensive investment people although selfishly increase market value speak course nothing keeps directors going class well clayton
"Subject: re : moving roy ibasco  hi vanessa :  you will need to fill out a "" churn request "" and forward it to the "" move team ""  they will take care of everything that you put on the form . i am attaching a  copy  of the form for your information . the receiving department is responsible  for  doing this . he will need boxes to pack his belongings ( ask him how many  he needs - he will have to do the packing ) . the only item that moves other  than his personal items , is his telephone . the computer , chair , etc .  belongs to  the research group .  if you have any questions , or need help , please let me know .  thanks !  vanessa carranza @ enron  06 / 08 / 2000 04 : 47 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : moving roy ibasco  shirley -  i need to have roy ibasco ' s things moved to eb 2930 c from ebl 948 and have it  charged to co / rc 413 - 1708 . please give me a call if you have any questions !  thanks -  vanessa c  3 - 5030",0,moving roy ibasco hi vanessa need fill churn request forward move team take care everything put form attaching copy form information receiving department responsible need boxes pack belongings ask many needs packing item moves personal items telephone computer chair etc belongs research group questions need help please let know thanks vanessa carranza enron pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject moving roy ibasco shirley need roy ibasco things moved eb c ebl charged co rc please give call questions thanks vanessa c
"Subject: ravi ' s schedule for next week  project hamachi lives on ! john griebling asked the crew to come back for  march 7 - 10 th .  kristy , please book me to come back to project hamachi ( omin hotel in  broomfield ) . that is , i need to come back to broomfield , co next week tues :  arrive at omin hotel and be in the office here at 12 : 00 noon march 7 th ,  2000 . so i need to take the earliest flight out of houston to get to denver  airport in time to get to the hotel checked in , etc . . . . so i need to land  ~ 10 am .  i ' ll come back to houston end of day friday .  thanks ,  ravi .",0,ravi schedule next week project hamachi lives john griebling asked crew come back march th kristy please book come back project hamachi omin hotel broomfield need come back broomfield co next week tues arrive omin hotel office noon march th need take earliest flight houston get denver airport time get hotel checked etc need land come back houston end day friday thanks ravi
"Subject: arthur andersen 21 st annual energy symposium  shirley ,  please , register me for this conference .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 17 / 2000  04 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sabrina whaley @ enron  10 / 17 / 2000 10 : 09 am  to : rick baltz / hou / ees @ ees , misty barrett / hou / ees @ ees , dennis  benevides / hou / ees @ ees , jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees , jim brown / hou / ees @ ees ,  brian keith butler / gco / enron @ enron , ford cooper / hou / ees @ ees , cory  crofton / hou / ees @ ees , wanda curry / enron @ gateway , meredith m  eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , mike harris / hou / ees @ ees , neil hong / hou / ees @ ees , kevin  hughes / hou / ees @ ees , shawn kilchrist / na / enron @ enron , dana lee / hou / ees @ ees ,  gayle w muench / hou / ees @ ees , mark s muller / hou / ees @ ees , nina  nguyen / hou / ees @ ees , lou pai and tom white / hou / ees @ ees , lisa polk / hou / ees @ ees ,  george w posey / hou / ees @ ees , david saindon / corp / enron @ enron , scott  stoness / hou / ees @ ees , wade stubblefield / hou / ees @ ees , marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees ,  thomas e white / hou / ees @ ees , jim badum / hou / ees @ ees , ronnie  shields / hou / ees @ ees , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron  communications , cliff baxter / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , lynn  bellinghausen / enron _ development @ enron _ development , john  berggren / enron _ development @ enron _ development , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect ,  kenny bickett / hou / azurix @ azurix , jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees , dan  boyle / corp / enron @ enron , eric boyt / corp / enron @ enron , bob  butts / gpgfin / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , rick l carson / hou / ect @ ect ,  rebecca carter / corp / enron @ enron , lou casari / enron communications @ enron  communications , kent castleman / na / enron @ enron , becky caudle / hou / ect @ ect ,  craig childers / hou / ees @ ees , mary cilia / na / enron @ enron , wes  colwell / hou / ect @ ect , diane h cook / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect ,  lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect , wanda curry / enron @ gateway , glenn  darrah / corp / enron @ enron , lori denison / hou / azurix @ azurix , timothy j  detmering / hou / ect @ ect , jeff donahue / hou / ect @ ect , janell dye / corp / enron @ enron ,  scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , john echols / enron communications @ enron  communications , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , sharon e sullo / hou / ect @ ect ,  jill erwin / hou / ect @ ect , archie n eubanks / enron _ development @ enron _ development ,  rodney faldyn / corp / enron @ enron , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron  communications , stanley farmer / corp / enron @ enron , ellen fowler / enron  communications @ enron communications , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , mark  friedman / hou / ect @ ect , sonya m gasdia / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect ,  george n gilbert / hou / ect @ ect , david glassford / hou / azurix @ azurix , monte l  gleason / hou / ect @ ect , ben f glisan / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect ,  eric gonzales / lon / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect , david  gorte / hou / ect @ ect , eve grauer / hou / ees @ ees , paige b grumulaitis / hou / ect @ ect ,  bill gulyassy / na / enron @ enron , dave gunther / na / enron @ enron , mark e  haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , kevin hannon / enron communications @ enron communications ,  stephen harper / corp / enron @ enron , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , john  henderson / hou / ees @ ees , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , patrick hickey / enron  communications @ enron communications , georgeanne hodges / hou / ect @ ect , sean a  holmes / hou / ees @ ees , shirley a hudler / hou / ect @ ect , cindy hudler / hou / ect @ ect ,  gene humphrey / hou / ect @ ect , steve  jernigan / enron _ development @ enron _ development , sheila kahanek / enron  communications @ enron communications , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven j  kean / na / enron @ enron , shawn kilchrist / na / enron @ enron , faith  killen / hou / ect @ ect , jeff kinneman / hou / ect @ ect , joe kishkill / sa / enron @ enron ,  troy klussmann / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , david  leboe / hou / ect @ ect , sara ledbetter / enron communications @ enron communications ,  connie lee / enron communications @ enron communications , billy  lemmons / corp / enron @ enron , tod a lindholm / na / enron @ enron , mark e  lindsey / gpgfin / enron @ enron , phillip d lord / lon / ect @ ect , drew c  lynch / lon / ect @ ect , herman manis / corp / enron @ enron , keith  marlow / enron _ development @ enron _ development , arvel martin / hou / ect @ ect ,  michelle mayo / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mike  mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie mcginnis / hou / ect @ ect , monty mcmahen / enron  communications @ enron communications , kellie metcalf / enron  communications @ enron communications , trevor mihalik / na / enron @ enron , gayle w  muench / hou / ees @ ees , mark s muller / hou / ees @ ees , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , nina  nguyen / hou / ees @ ees , roger ondreko / hou / ect @ ect , jere c overdyke / hou / ect @ ect ,  beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , randy petersen / hou / ect @ ect , mark  peterson / hou / ees @ ees , lisa polk / hou / ees @ ees , george w posey / hou / ees @ ees ,  brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , alan quaintance / corp / enron @ enron , monica  reasoner / hou / ect @ ect , andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , stuart g  rexrode / lon / ect @ ect , ken rice / enron communications @ enron communications , mark  ruane / hou / ect @ ect , jenny rub / corp / enron @ enron , mary lynne ruffer / hou / ect @ ect ,  elaine schield / corp / enron @ enron , steven ( pge ) schneider / enron @ gateway ,  cassandra schultz / na / enron @ enron , howard selzer / corp / enron @ enron , jeffrey a  shankman / hou / ect @ ect , cris sherman / hou / ect @ ect , david  shields / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ryan siurek / corp / enron @ enron ,  jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , dave sorenson / enron @ gateway , wade  stubblefield / hou / ees @ ees , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , ken tate / enron  communications @ enron communications , gail tholen / hou / ect @ ect , sheri  thomas / hou / ect @ ect , carl tricoli / corp / enron @ enron , mark warner / hou / ect @ ect ,  todd warwick / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , stacey w  white / hou / ect @ ect , jimmie williams / hou / ees @ ees , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron ,  mark p wilson / lon / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect  cc : jennifer stevenson / aa / corp / enron @ enron , jane champion / aa / corp / enron @ enron  subject : arthur andersen 21 st annual energy symposium  it is with great pleasure that i invite you to arthur andersen ' s 21 st annual  energy symposium . this year ' s conference will be held december 7 th and 8 th  at the westin galleria hotel in houston . arthur andersen is offering a  valuable program with many of the industries top executives speaking on  industry wide applications .  a few weeks ago some of you may have received information regarding the  registration process . however , due to the level of enron ' s attendance , we  have arranged to facilitate your group ' s registration . if you would like to  register or would like more information about the symposium , please contact  sabrina whaley at 853 - 7696 by october 31 , 2000 or forward your completed  registration form to her at eb 2355 . a copy of the symposium agenda has been  attached for your information . the registration fee is $ 950 per person ;  however , in the past we have given enron personnel interested in attending a  50 % discount .  we are excited about the upcoming symposium and hope that you will be able to  attend .",0,arthur andersen st annual energy symposium shirley please register conference vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm sabrina whaley enron rick baltz hou ees ees misty barrett hou ees ees dennis benevides hou ees ees jeremy blachman hou ees ees jim brown hou ees ees brian keith butler gco enron enron ford cooper hou ees ees cory crofton hou ees ees wanda curry enron gateway meredith eggleston hou ees ees mike harris hou ees ees neil hong hou ees ees kevin hughes hou ees ees shawn kilchrist na enron enron dana lee hou ees ees gayle w muench hou ees ees mark muller hou ees ees nina nguyen hou ees ees lou pai tom white hou ees ees lisa polk hou ees ees george w posey hou ees ees david saindon corp enron enron scott stoness hou ees ees wade stubblefield hou ees ees marty sunde hou ees ees thomas e white hou ees ees jim badum hou ees ees ronnie shields hou ees ees kristin albrecht enron communications enron communications cliff baxter hou ect ect sally beck hou ect ect lynn bellinghausen enron development enron development john berggren enron development enron development philippe bibi hou ect ect kenny bickett hou azurix azurix jeremy blachman hou ees ees dan boyle corp enron enron eric boyt corp enron enron bob butts gpgfin enron enron rick buy hou ect ect rick l carson hou ect ect rebecca carter corp enron enron lou casari enron communications enron communications kent castleman na enron enron becky caudle hou ect ect craig childers hou ees ees mary cilia na enron enron wes colwell hou ect ect diane h cook hou ect ect kathryn cordes hou ect ect lisa b cousino hou ect ect wanda curry enron gateway glenn darrah corp enron enron lori denison hou azurix azurix timothy j detmering hou ect ect jeff donahue hou ect ect janell dye corp enron enron scott earnest hou ect ect john echols enron communications enron communications meredith eggleston hou ees ees sharon e sullo hou ect ect jill erwin hou ect ect archie n eubanks enron development enron development rodney faldyn corp enron enron jim fallon enron communications enron communications stanley farmer corp enron enron ellen fowler enron communications enron communications mark frevert na enron enron mark friedman hou ect ect sonya gasdia hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect george n gilbert hou ect ect david glassford hou azurix azurix monte l gleason hou ect ect ben f glisan hou ect ect sheila glover hou ect ect eric gonzales lon ect ect vladimir gorny hou ect ect david gorte hou ect ect eve grauer hou ees ees paige b grumulaitis hou ect ect bill gulyassy na enron enron dave gunther na enron enron mark e haedicke hou ect ect kevin hannon enron communications enron communications stephen harper corp enron enron susan harrison hou ect ect john henderson hou ees ees brenda f herod hou ect ect patrick hickey enron communications enron communications georgeanne hodges hou ect ect sean holmes hou ees ees shirley hudler hou ect ect cindy hudler hou ect ect gene humphrey hou ect ect steve jernigan enron development enron development sheila kahanek enron communications enron communications vince j kaminski hou ect ect steven j kean na enron enron shawn kilchrist na enron enron faith killen hou ect ect jeff kinneman hou ect ect joe kishkill sa enron enron troy klussmann hou ect ect john j lavorato corp enron enron david leboe hou ect ect sara ledbetter enron communications enron communications connie lee enron communications enron communications billy lemmons corp enron enron tod lindholm na enron enron mark e lindsey gpgfin enron enron phillip lord lon ect ect drew c lynch lon ect ect herman manis corp enron enron keith marlow enron development enron development arvel martin hou ect ect michelle mayo enron development enron development mike mcconnell hou ect ect stephanie mcginnis hou ect ect monty mcmahen enron communications enron communications kellie metcalf enron communications enron communications trevor mihalik na enron enron gayle w muench hou ees ees mark muller hou ees ees ted murphy hou ect ect nina nguyen hou ees ees roger ondreko hou ect ect jere c overdyke hou ect ect beth perlman hou ect ect randy petersen hou ect ect mark peterson hou ees ees lisa polk hou ees ees george w posey hou ees ees brent price hou ect ect alan quaintance corp enron enron monica reasoner hou ect ect andrea v reed hou ect ect stuart g rexrode lon ect ect ken rice enron communications enron communications mark ruane hou ect ect jenny rub corp enron enron mary lynne ruffer hou ect ect elaine schield corp enron enron steven pge schneider enron gateway cassandra schultz na enron enron howard selzer corp enron enron jeffrey shankman hou ect ect cris sherman hou ect ect david shields enron development enron development ryan siurek corp enron enron jeff skilling corp enron enron dave sorenson enron gateway wade stubblefield hou ees ees kevin sweeney hou ect ect ken tate enron communications enron communications gail tholen hou ect ect sheri thomas hou ect ect carl tricoli corp enron enron mark warner hou ect ect todd warwick hou ect ect greg whalley hou ect ect stacey w white hou ect ect jimmie williams hou ees ees shona wilson na enron enron mark p wilson lon ect ect steve w young lon ect ect cc jennifer stevenson aa corp enron enron jane champion aa corp enron enron subject arthur andersen st annual energy symposium great pleasure invite arthur andersen st annual energy symposium year conference held december th th westin galleria hotel houston arthur andersen offering valuable program many industries top executives speaking industry wide applications weeks ago may received information regarding registration process however due level enron attendance arranged facilitate group registration would like register would like information symposium please contact sabrina whaley october forward completed registration form eb copy symposium agenda attached information registration fee per person however past given enron personnel interested attending discount excited upcoming symposium hope able attend
"Subject: re : anita dupont resume  sheila walton is out of the office this week . i will be the hr representative  handling this group in her absence . please send the job description to me ,  norma villarreal , so that i can begin the process .  please call me if you have any questions on this or any other hr related  issue .  thank you  norma villarreal  x 31545  vince j kaminski  08 / 07 / 2000 08 : 29 am  to : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , norma  villarreal / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : anita dupont resume  sheila ,  no , we have to go through the posting phase first .  i shall ask shirley to provide the job description .  vince  from : sheila walton 08 / 04 / 2000 02 : 44 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : anita dupont resume  vince , alice has strong qualities for a sr admin asst . vince , have we posted  this position on the job posting board ? if so , great . if not , we need to  post this opening to prove that we have given an opportunity to all existing  enron employees before we go outside to external candidates . otherwise ,  existing employees have a valid complaint that we are limiting their  advancement within enron but hiring externally . if we have not posted this ,  i will have the recruiter contact shirley so shirley can give us a job  description . then we can post and interview anita simultaneously . please  let me know asap if this has been posted . thanks .  sheila walton  vince j kaminski  08 / 02 / 2000 08 : 48 am  to : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : anita dupont resume  sheila ,  i would like to hire anita dupont as a senior admin assistant , reporting  to shirley .  please , call me about it after you review the resume .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 02 / 2000  08 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anita dupont @ enron  08 / 02 / 2000 08 : 17 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : anita dupont resume  vince :  here is the resume you requested . thanks . anita",0,anita dupont resume sheila walton office week hr representative handling group absence please send job description norma villarreal begin process please call questions hr related issue thank norma villarreal x vince j kaminski sheila walton hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect norma villarreal hou ect ect subject anita dupont resume sheila go posting phase first shall ask shirley provide job description vince sheila walton pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc norma villarreal hou ect ect subject anita dupont resume vince alice strong qualities sr admin asst vince posted position job posting board great need post opening prove given opportunity existing enron employees go outside external candidates otherwise existing employees valid complaint limiting advancement within enron hiring externally posted recruiter contact shirley shirley give us job description post interview anita simultaneously please let know asap posted thanks sheila walton vince j kaminski sheila walton hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject anita dupont resume sheila would like hire anita dupont senior admin assistant reporting shirley please call review resume vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect anita dupont enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject anita dupont resume vince resume requested thanks anita
"Subject: new basis report  bhavna :  the basis report has been updated to cover 2000 prices . it is called  basisnw 7 . xls and is in the erg database .  it looks to be working correctly , but of course without data it is a little  hard to confirm . as always , it is ultimately your job to verify that the  numbers reported are correct . lemme know if there are problems .  it is easy to change the spreadsheet to start a new year . you should keep  this mail message as a reference .  1 ) add 12 to the expression in "" printmacro "" ! b 35 i . e . change  copy ( offset ( henrycash , 12 * againstyear + 63 , i , 12 , 1 ) ) to  2 ) define a new cell reference on the basis page for the first date to be  printed out on the report page . for example , last year , the basis report  went from jan 93 to dec 1999 . in basisnw 6 . xls there is a name "" jan 93 "" defined  as "" basis "" ! a 64 ( i . e . refers to the row where the jan 1993 basis numbers are  recorded ) . this year , in basisnw 7 . xls , i defined "" jan 94 "" to refer to  "" basis "" ! a 76 . that ' s because the basis report will now run from jan 1994 to  dec 2000 .  3 ) change the expression in "" printmacro "" ! b 45 to use this new cell reference  i . e . change copy ( offset ( jan 93 , 12 * indexyear , report , 12 , 1 ) ) to  4 ) having executed steps 1 ) - 3 ) the spreadsheet will now print numbers  shifted up by one year . all that remains to do is to change the dates on the  "" printformat "" page to be one year more . by that i mean change 1998 to 1999 ,  1999 to 2000 , change 98 / 99 to 99 / 00 , etc . don ' t move any numbers or formulas !  that ' s it . as we discussed bhavna , while i am happy to do this for you , it  is not in your or my best interest for this to continue . please do work to  find some one in your shop to maintain this spreadsheet .  regards , and happy new year !  grant .",0,new basis report bhavna basis report updated cover prices called basisnw xls erg database looks working correctly course without data little hard confirm always ultimately job verify numbers reported correct lem know problems easy change spreadsheet start new year keep mail message reference add expression printmacro b e change copy offset henrycash againstyear define new cell reference basis page first date printed report page example last year basis report went jan dec basisnw xls name jan defined basis e refers row jan basis numbers recorded year basisnw xls defined jan refer basis basis report run jan dec change expression printmacro b use new cell reference e change copy offset jan indexyear report executed steps spreadsheet print numbers shifted one year remains change dates printformat page one year mean change change etc move numbers formulas discussed bhavna happy best interest continue please work find one shop maintain spreadsheet regards happy new year grant
"Subject: dear ms . feldman ,  please find enclosed a proposal for the d - g energy  software license agreement in which enron may be  interested . we deliberately left blank the appendix 2  related to the number of sites and workstations it  would cover , in order to let dr . kaminski decide what  is best for enron .  sincerely  - appendices . doc  - contract . doc  h , lyette geman  professor of finance  university paris ix dauphine and essec",0,dear ms feldman please find enclosed proposal g energy software license agreement enron may interested deliberately left blank appendix related number sites workstations would cover order let dr kaminski decide best enron sincerely appendices doc contract doc h lyette geman professor finance university paris ix dauphine essec
"Subject: additional info  dear vince ,  thanks so much for your prompt return call . as discussed , pls find attached  a # of related self - explanatory documents ( in naturally the strictest  privacy and confidence ) .  > > >  > > >  > > > >  > the tx fellowship - - the highest individual recognition reward within the  > company - - will be determined in jan . 2001 . the pdf files refer to a paper  > presentation and 2 press interviews , respectively . the spe paper will be  > published in the jan . 2001 edition of journal of petroleum technology  > ( jpt ) .  >  > i ' ll appreciate your review and additional discussion re best fit . as  > discussed , it ' s best to correspond via my personal e - mail address :  > newsoussan @ iwon . com or else pls leave me a message a my secure personal  > phone # @ work . pls be also advised that i ' ll be checking my phone - and  > e - mail infrequently ( every other day ) while i ' m in england . i look  > forward to seeing you soon in either ny or houston .  >  wishing you a very happy holiday season and a healthy and prosperous 2001 .  > soussan ,  > 914 253 4187 ( w )  >  >  >  - sfaiz _ detailed _ resume . doc  - sfaiz _ job _ description . doc  - sfaiz _ cover _ nomtxfellow . doc  - sf _ external _ invitations . xls  - spe 62964 . pdf  - real _ rewards . pdf  - get _ real . pdf",0,additional info dear vince thanks much prompt return call discussed pls find attached related self explanatory documents naturally strictest privacy confidence tx fellowship highest individual recognition reward within company determined jan pdf files refer paper presentation press interviews respectively spe paper published jan edition journal petroleum technology jpt appreciate review additional discussion best fit discussed best correspond via personal e mail address newsoussan iwon com else pls leave message secure personal phone work pls also advised checking phone e mail infrequently every day england look forward seeing soon either ny houston wishing happy holiday season healthy prosperous soussan w sfaiz detailed resume doc sfaiz job description doc sfaiz cover nomtxfellow doc sf external invitations xls spe pdf real rewards pdf get real pdf
"Subject: re : enron project  keith ,  it was a great pleasure to work you with on this project .  the entire enron team was impressed by the quality of the students  and commitment of the school to exploring new and creative  ways of exposing students to business problems .  vince  weigelt on 04 / 10 / 2001 12 : 05 : 25 pm  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : enron project  vince ;  i just wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed working with enron on the tiger  project . i found the interaction with you and your colleagues very  stimulating . the ideas we covered ( like whether there are network  externalities in these markets ) was more like a workshop than a project . i  wish all businessmen had your interests and capabilities .  thanks  keith",0,enron project keith great pleasure work project entire enron team impressed quality students commitment school exploring new creative ways exposing students business problems vince weigelt pm vkamins enron com cc subject enron project vince wanted tell much enjoyed working enron tiger project found interaction colleagues stimulating ideas covered like whether network externalities markets like workshop project wish businessmen interests capabilities thanks keith
"Subject: re : lunch  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 28 / 2000  10 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  allan . roberts @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 09 / 26 / 2000 09 : 41 : 47 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : lunch  shirley ,  thank you for your e - mail , i hope all has turned out well with vince and his  family .  this is my first day back in the office , so the reason for contacting you is  to  acknowledge receipt of your note and to inquire as to when vince will next be  in  the uk .  please contact me at you convenience ,  allan  to : allan roberts  cc :  date : 18 / 09 / 2000 16 : 18  from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : re : lunch  allen :  i apologize ! i tried to call on the numbers below , but they would not go  through . i sent you an email explaining why vince was not there ,  unfortunately  it did not get to you in time !  vince ' s wife and son were driving to california for his junior year at  stanford .  they stopped in phoenix and his wife got sick . vince is afraid he will  have to  fly out there and drive them on to calif .  please accept our deepest apologies and we will reschedule for october ,  if it is ok .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  allan . roberts @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 09 / 18 / 2000 09 : 08 : 15 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : chris . j . osborne @ uk . arthurandersen . com ,  richard . p . emerton @ uk . arthurandersen . com ,  mike . pilgrem @ uk . arthurandersen . com ,  angela . mindley @ uk . arthurandersen . com  subject : lunch  dear shirley ,  my colleagues and i were expecting to lunch with vince today .  unfortunately ,  vince did not show .  the reason for contacting you is to inform you of the situation and to  enquire  as to whether everything is ok .  his plane arrived on time , but we have not heard from him today .  if you need to contact me urgently , please call me on + 44 370 584 695 , or  my ea  angela on + 44 7304 8102 .  regards , allan  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if  you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for  delivery of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender  by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not  consent to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of  my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .",0,lunch fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect allan roberts uk arthurandersen com shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject lunch shirley thank e mail hope turned well vince family first day back office reason contacting acknowledge receipt note inquire vince next uk please contact convenience allan allan roberts cc date shirley crenshaw enron com subject lunch allen apologize tried call numbers would go sent email explaining vince unfortunately get time vince wife son driving california junior year stanford stopped phoenix wife got sick vince afraid fly drive calif please accept deepest apologies reschedule october ok regards shirley crenshaw allan roberts uk arthurandersen com shirley crenshaw enron com cc chris j osborne uk arthurandersen com richard p emerton uk arthurandersen com mike pilgrem uk arthurandersen com angela mindley uk arthurandersen com subject lunch dear shirley colleagues expecting lunch vince today unfortunately vince show reason contacting inform situation enquire whether everything ok plane arrived time heard today need contact urgently please call ea angela regards allan internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed
"Subject: re : spreadsheet for george posey  vince -  here is an analysis of the fund giving at the church .  first off , it appears from the data that a special "" appeal "" for fund giving  was made ( from the pulpit ? ) on april 19 , 1998 and april 25 , 1999 , ( perhaps  tied rhetorically into income taxes ? ) . then , by going back and incorporating  obvious dates from the calendars for 1997 - 1999 , the following regression  analysis is made , where each effect is added independently :  giving this sunday = $ 4403  + a minor $ 3 weekly time trend ( i . e . , multiply by the number of weeks since  jan . 5 , 1997 )  + no pure effect from last week ' s contributions ( i . e . , denies first - order  autoregressive effects )  + $ 2426 if easter sunday or the sunday nearest christmas  + $ 9695 if ( pastoral appeal ) april 19 , 1998 or april 25 , 1999  - $ 340 if the sunday falls on the weekend of a monday federal holiday  - $ 50 if the sunday following thanksgiving  - $ 73 if a summer weekend ( june 1 thru august 31 )  the pure time trend is very small , so an annual projection based on all 3  years data would be for giving to increase only a minor amount ( $ 150 ) for  2000 assuming a similar appeal for giving is made this april .  clayton",0,spreadsheet george posey vince analysis fund giving church first appears data special appeal fund giving made pulpit april april perhaps tied rhetorically income taxes going back incorporating obvious dates calendars following regression analysis made effect added independently giving sunday minor weekly time trend e multiply number weeks since jan pure effect last week contributions e denies first order autoregressive effects easter sunday sunday nearest christmas pastoral appeal april april sunday falls weekend monday federal holiday sunday following thanksgiving summer weekend june thru august pure time trend small annual projection based years data would giving increase minor amount assuming similar appeal giving made april clayton
"Subject: sample day - ahead lmp postings  message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at  pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com :  from 04 / 10 / 00 through 05 / 12 / 00 , pjm will be posting sample day - ahead prices  produced using the two - settlement software and  generation bids and ties schedules as bid into the pjm real time market .  perturbations may be applied to the demand bids in order  to illustrate the impact of total demand mws bid on day - ahead lmps ( such  perturbations will be discussed in the day - ahead case description  file ) . sample prices will be posted for weekdays only . these prices are for  illustration purposes only . they will not be used in any pjm  settlements . sample lmps will be posted in a csv file using the following name  convention yyyymmdd - da . csv . the names of files initially  posted for 4 / 10 / 00 and 4 / 11 / 00 have been changed to this name convention .  questions may be directed to pjm customer service at ( 610 ) 666 - 8980 .  to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com  containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail :  unsubscribe pjm - customer - info",0,sample day ahead lmp postings message sent pjm customer info mailing list pjm customer info majordomo pjm com pjm posting sample day ahead prices produced using two settlement software generation bids ties schedules bid pjm real time market perturbations may applied demand bids order illustrate impact total demand mws bid day ahead lmps perturbations discussed day ahead case description file sample prices posted weekdays prices illustration purposes used pjm settlements sample lmps posted csv file using following name convention yyyymmdd da csv names files initially posted changed name convention questions may directed pjm customer service unsubscribe list send e mail majordomo majordomo pjm com containing following line body e mail unsubscribe pjm customer info
Subject: great thanks so much re : avg . monthly electricity prices  i appreciate all your great help . . . merci beaucoup margaret carson,0,great thanks much avg monthly electricity prices appreciate great help merci beaucoup margaret carson
"Subject: new businesses in london : weather & insurance  hi vince ,  talking to the staff in london , i heard that lynda clemmons and a few of the  key weather desk members left to start their own business . i am hearing that  london may gain more independence from houston and gain its own book and ,  interestingly , also having ideas about developing the insurance / insurance  derivatives market . i therefore thought this might be a useful opportunity  to formalise a gradual transfer of responsibility for weather deal pricing  from joe to myself plus start talking to vasant about the new markets on the  insurance side . i will call you later to discuss this with you .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383",0,new businesses london weather insurance hi vince talking staff london heard lynda clemmons key weather desk members left start business hearing london may gain independence houston gain book interestingly also ideas developing insurance insurance derivatives market therefore thought might useful opportunity formalise gradual transfer responsibility weather deal pricing joe plus start talking vasant new markets insurance side call later discuss regards anjam x
"Subject: re : d - g energy  laine ,  i can initial it . please , contact beth perlman as an it officer .  i shall explain the reason we are buying the software to her .  i want the software to reside in our london office - the software is used  primarily by european utilities and we shall use it as a pricing tool  in negotiations with european clients .  vince  from : laine borgman @ enron on 11 / 29 / 2000 09 : 29 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : d - g energy  vince , i am circulating the d - g energy software license agreement for  signature . i need for you or your senior director to initial and i also need  to know if you have identified an enron officer within it to execute on  behalf of enron corp . please let me know .  thanks ,  laine",0,g energy laine initial please contact beth perlman officer shall explain reason buying software want software reside london office software used primarily european utilities shall use pricing tool negotiations european clients vince laine borgman enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject g energy vince circulating g energy software license agreement signature need senior director initial also need know identified enron officer within execute behalf enron corp please let know thanks laine
"Subject: welcome  network world fusion focus : jason meserve on  security and bug patch alert  today ' s focus : bug alert : welcome  03 / 06 / 00  dear wincenty kaminski ,  today ' s focus : bug alert : welcome  by jason meserve  welcome to the security and bug patch alert newsletter !  given the recent spate of high - profile denial - of - service and hack  attacks and the large number of people who have signed up for this  newsletter before this first edition has been even published , it is  clear that security is a major concern in the it community as it  should be .  with technology now being looked upon as a profit rather than cost  center , it departments face more pressure to keep critical systems up  and running as well as secure . no chief information officer or network  manager wants to have to tell the ceo that their e - commerce site has  been broken into and customer credit card data copied . stories like that  tend to stick in a potential customer  , s mind more than an expensive  super bowl ad .  it  , s hard enough to keep up with the latest new technologies , never mind  latest security patch for your operating system or e - commerce  application . but we  , re here to help .  once a week we  , ll publish a list of patches and alerts from all the  major vendors and security organizations with links to the source . we  , ll  also provide other ( hopefully ) useful resources for the security -  conscious it manager .  comments and suggestions are always welcome ! send mail to  jmeserve @ nww . com .  now on with the latest patches and alerts :  security glitch hits foundry switches  from this week  , s network world : a security problem has cropped up in  foundry networks  , serveriron switches that make the devices susceptible  to denial - of - service attacks .  read the story :  download the patch :  http : / / www . foundrynet . com / bugtraq . html  * * * * * * * *  new version of apache web server released  the apache server project released version 1 . 3 . 12 of the popular apache  web server this week . the new release fixes what apache calls a cross -  site scripting problem that could allow malicious html tags to be  inserted into client - side scripts . download the new version at :  http : / / www . apache . org / dist /  * * * * * * * *  problem with linux htdig package  both freebsd and debian are reporting a problem with the htdig package  that runs on their respective platforms . the problem is with the  htsearch and could allow a user to read any file on the local machine  accessible to the user id that the script is running under ( which in  most cases is  + nobody  , ) .  for more information from debian :  http : / / www . debian . org / security /  to download a patch from freebsd :  http : / / www . freebsd . org / ports /  * * * * * * * *  nmh linux package patched  versions of nmh prior to 1 . 0 . 3 have a vulnerability that could allow  malicious users to modify the mime headers in a mail message that may  cause nmh  , s mshow command to execute arbitrary commands . a patch is  available at :  * * * * * * * *  zombie zapper 1 . 1 available  zombie zapper 1 . 1 helps shut down the troj _ trinoo denial - of - service  client on windows nt and unix machines . more information at :  * * * * * * * *  problem with mysql password authentication  according to the makers of freebsd , a vulnerability in the mysql  database server ( prior to version 3 . 22 . 32 ) could allow anyone that can  connect to the database to access it without a password . more  information at :  * * * * * * * *  to contact jason meserve :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jason meserve is a staff writer with network world , covering search  engines , portals , videoconferencing , ip multicast and document management .  he also oversees the "" security alerts "" page on fusion  ( http : / / www 2 . nwfusion . com / security / bulletins . html ) . jason can be reached  at mailto : jmeserve @ nww . com .  subscription services  to subscribe or unsubscribe to any network world e - mail newsletters ,  go to :  to change your email address , go to :  subscription questions ? contact customer service by replying to this  message .  other questions / comments  have editorial comments ? write jeff caruso , newsletter editor , at :  mailto : jcaruso @ nww . com  for advertising information , write jamie kalbach , account executive ,  at : mailto : jkalbach @ nww . com  network world fusion is part of idg . net , the idg online network .  it all starts here :  http : / / www . idg . com  copyright network world , inc . , 2000",0,welcome network world fusion focus jason meserve security bug patch alert today focus bug alert welcome dear wincenty kaminski today focus bug alert welcome jason meserve welcome security bug patch alert newsletter given recent spate high profile denial service hack attacks large number people signed newsletter first edition even published clear security major concern community technology looked upon profit rather cost center departments face pressure keep critical systems running well secure chief information officer network manager wants tell ceo e commerce site broken customer credit card data copied stories like tend stick potential customer mind expensive super bowl ad hard enough keep latest new technologies never mind latest security patch operating system e commerce application help week publish list patches alerts major vendors security organizations links source also provide hopefully useful resources security conscious manager comments suggestions always welcome send mail jmeserve nww com latest patches alerts security glitch hits foundry switches week network world security problem cropped foundry networks serveriron switches make devices susceptible denial service attacks read story download patch http www foundrynet com bugtraq html new version apache web server released apache server project released version popular apache web server week new release fixes apache calls cross site scripting problem could allow malicious html tags inserted client side scripts download new version http www apache org dist problem linux htdig package freebsd debian reporting problem htdig package runs respective platforms problem htsearch could allow user read file local machine accessible user id script running cases nobody information debian http www debian org security download patch freebsd http www freebsd org ports nmh linux package patched versions nmh prior vulnerability could allow malicious users modify mime headers mail message may cause nmh mshow command execute arbitrary commands patch available zombie zapper available zombie zapper helps shut troj trinoo denial service client windows nt unix machines information problem mysql password authentication according makers freebsd vulnerability mysql database server prior version could allow anyone connect database access without password information contact jason meserve jason meserve staff writer network world covering search engines portals videoconferencing ip multicast document management also oversees security alerts page fusion http www nwfusion com security bulletins html jason reached mailto jmeserve nww com subscription services subscribe unsubscribe network world e mail newsletters go change email address go subscription questions contact customer service replying message questions comments editorial comments write jeff caruso newsletter editor mailto jcaruso nww com advertising information write jamie kalbach account executive mailto jkalbach nww com network world fusion part idg net idg online network starts http www idg com copyright network world inc
"Subject: re : equity investment fair value in turkey  john ,  please , give me another day to elaborate . it ' s quite hectic here .  vince  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : john bottomley 06 / 21 / 2000 03 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : equity investment fair value in turkey  vince ,  any further thoughts on your end ?  john  vince j kaminski  19 / 06 / 2000 15 : 45  to : john bottomley / lon / ect @ ect  cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : equity investment fair value in turkey  john ,  it seems to me that using a risk - free rate is not appropriate . i shall  elaborate on my  position and send you a longer message this afternoon ( my time ) .  vince  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : john bottomley 06 / 19 / 2000 05 : 55 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  subject : equity investment fair value in turkey  vince ,  john sherriff recommended that i contact you regarding an interesting ( and  potentially contentious ) option valuation issue we are currently dealing with  in london . we hold longish term options in a private company in turkey which  is currently seeking to ipo . the issue we are discussing with rac is which  discount rate ( i . e . , risk - free ? and if so turkish or us ? ) should we use to  value these options  first , some additional information .  option characteristics :  - - 116 , 000 options ( representing 9 % of the company )  - - term : minimum of 3 years but possibly longer - - still being renegotiated  - - strike price : 20 % below the upcoming ipo price ( either priced in us $ or  turkish lire )  we currently hold the above number of options with a fixed price of $ 118 . 75  per option but 34 , 800 expire on july 15 , 2000 with the remainder expiring on  december 15 , 2000 . the company ' s investment bankers ( abn / amro rothchilds )  are concerned regarding the strike price because it values the company at  $ 118 million and they believe the company is worth approx $ 300 million . due  to such a large "" valuation gap "" , they originally encouraged us to exercise  all of the options by the end of june ( ipo target date in late sept / early  oct ) . our counter - proposal is to "" swap "" instrinsic value for time value by  repricing the options strike higher while extending their term .  we are currently negotiating with rac the most appropriate discount rate to  use to value the options . we are arguing that the us risk free is the most  appropriate discount rate and their current position is that the company ' s  historical senior debt cost ( 18 % ) is the more appropriate number to use  ( although admit that this is not justifiable - - only a proxy )  a few key points :  - - rac is valuing the options via crystal ball simulations such that this "" to  be negotiated "" discount rate is used to calculate the pv of the future  options intrinsic value in 3 years  ( i . e . , for black - scholes , a higher discount rate yields a higher value but  the opposite is true using crystal ball simulation )  - - the model simulates both an ipo / no ipo case and in the case of no ipo we  have put options for our equity priced at a fixed 17 % return  - - the model assigns a 30 % illiquidity discount  - - in the simulated cases where the options are out - of - the - money , we  obviously do not exercise .  we understand that for black - scholes option valuation , one needs to be able  to construct a comparable portfolio of cash flows using equity futures and  the risk free in order for the valuation to hold . and here is where we reach  our difficulty : since the company doesn ' t currently trade on a public market  and since equity futures do not exist for turkish equities , rac is arguing  that a us risk free is not appropriate to use . our argument is that the  non - ipo scenario , a 30 % illiquidity discount and a us $ based option  volatility are already in the factored into the simulation . as such , we feel  rac ' s approach is double counting .  if you managed to get through the above , your a patient man ! i ' ll give you a  call today or tomorrow after you ' ve had a chance to digest the information .  regards ,  john bottomley",0,equity investment fair value turkey john please give another day elaborate quite hectic vince enron capital trade resources corp europe john bottomley vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject equity investment fair value turkey vince thoughts end john vince j kaminski john bottomley lon ect ect cc dale surbey lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect subject equity investment fair value turkey john seems using risk free rate appropriate shall elaborate position send longer message afternoon time vince enron capital trade resources corp europe john bottomley vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc john sherriff lon ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect subject equity investment fair value turkey vince john sherriff recommended contact regarding interesting potentially contentious option valuation issue currently dealing london hold longish term options private company turkey currently seeking ipo issue discussing rac discount rate e risk free turkish us use value options first additional information option characteristics options representing company term minimum years possibly longer still renegotiated strike price upcoming ipo price either priced us turkish lire currently hold number options fixed price per option expire july remainder expiring december company investment bankers abn amro rothchilds concerned regarding strike price values company million believe company worth approx million due large valuation gap originally encouraged us exercise options end june ipo target date late sept early oct counter proposal swap instrinsic value time value repricing options strike higher extending term currently negotiating rac appropriate discount rate use value options arguing us risk free appropriate discount rate current position company historical senior debt cost appropriate number use although admit justifiable proxy key points rac valuing options via crystal ball simulations negotiated discount rate used calculate pv future options intrinsic value years e black scholes higher discount rate yields higher value opposite true using crystal ball simulation model simulates ipo ipo case case ipo put options equity priced fixed return model assigns illiquidity discount simulated cases options money obviously exercise understand black scholes option valuation one needs able construct comparable portfolio cash flows using equity futures risk free order valuation hold reach difficulty since company currently trade public market since equity futures exist turkish equities rac arguing us risk free appropriate use argument non ipo scenario illiquidity discount us based option volatility already factored simulation feel rac approach double counting managed get patient man give call today tomorrow chance digest information regards john bottomley
"Subject: cplex  stinson ,  enclosed are the details of the cplex purchase . if everyone agrees , i will  assume that ebs is responsible for 1 / 3 of the cost ( with taxes etc . must be  close to $ 15 , 000 ) .  krishna and grant , what do you think ?  - samer  "" kim turley "" on 05 / 25 / 2000 02 : 22 : 30 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : revised ilog quote 5 - 25 - 00  hi chonawee ,  you are right , i did make a mistake on the calculation , though it isn ' t  exactly 2 / 3 of the previous 3 pak quote . sorry about that and so glad you  caught it . i multiplied by 1 . 5 and i meant to use 1 . 3 . we have discounted  deployment paks which we discount by quantity . our chart starts with a 3  pak so i took that number from our price list and multiplied by 1 . 3 to get  14 , 560 . 00 . for 2 deployments , i take $ 4 , 500 for one , plus 10 % off for the  second license 4 , 050 , then times 1 . 3 = 11 , 115 . 00 . here is the revised  quote . i checked the other numbers again and they are correct . again , i am  sorry for the mistake .  regards ,  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  may 25 , 2000  enron corporation  a single user cplex v 6 . 6 development license with callable library and  mixed integer , 2 cplex floating deployment licenses with mixed integer and  2  opl studios , all with first year ' s maintenance and on win nt on an intel  pc .  once you have a cplex development license with maintenance and update  services , then you can purchase deployment licenses ( run time / license  derivative works )  item 1 description fee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  1 1 cplex floating development license ,  callable library , mixed integer $ 15 , 300 . 00  2 maintenance on item 1 2 , 295 . 00  3 2 opl studio 10 , 000 . 00  4 maintenance on item 3 3 , 000 . 00  5 2 cplex floating deployment / mixed integer 11 , 115 . 00  6 maintenance on item 5 1 , 667 . 25  - - - - - - - - - - - -  total $ 43 , 377 . 25  the cost of ( optional ) annual maintenance and update services is  15 % of the license fees .  the customer is responsible for and must add any applicable sales tax ,  value - added ( ad valorem ) tax , duty or other transaction tax associated with  the sale .  this quotation is firm for 30 days and subject to the terms of the ilog  license agreement and the ilog maintenance agreement .  order information  fax a purchase order ( with clear shipping and billing address ) to  match the above items , attention kim turley . as soon as we receive your  purchase order , we will ship the software and simultaneously send you an  invoice by  separate mail for payment .  payment terms are net 30 .  regards ,  kim turley  ilog direct sales  ilog inc . , lake tahoe office  889 alder avenue , suite 200  incline village , nv 89451 , usa  phone : ( 775 ) 832 - 1960 , ext . 130  fax : ( 775 ) 831 - 7755  email : kturley @ ilog . com  have you downloaded your free copy of opl studio ?  if not , please visit : http : / / www . ilog . com / products / oplstudio /  ilog : powering your software  http : / / www . ilog . com http : / / www . cplex . com  ask me about our  - ampl training june 15 - 16  - next opl studio training , june 2000  p . s . from now until june 30 , 2000 , any ilog cplex licensee may  acquire ilog opl studio for just $ 5 , 000 ( 50 % discount ) . ask me  about the details !",0,cplex stinson enclosed details cplex purchase everyone agrees assume ebs responsible cost taxes etc must close krishna grant think samer kim turley pm please respond cc subject revised ilog quote hi chonawee right make mistake calculation though exactly previous pak quote sorry glad caught multiplied meant use discounted deployment paks discount quantity chart starts pak took number price list multiplied get deployments take one plus second license times revised quote checked numbers correct sorry mistake regards may enron corporation single user cplex v development license callable library mixed integer cplex floating deployment licenses mixed integer opl studios first year maintenance win nt intel pc cplex development license maintenance update services purchase deployment licenses run time license derivative works item description fee cplex floating development license callable library mixed integer maintenance item opl studio maintenance item cplex floating deployment mixed integer maintenance item total cost optional annual maintenance update services license fees customer responsible must add applicable sales tax value added ad valorem tax duty transaction tax associated sale quotation firm days subject terms ilog license agreement ilog maintenance agreement order information fax purchase order clear shipping billing address match items attention kim turley soon receive purchase order ship software simultaneously send invoice separate mail payment payment terms net regards kim turley ilog direct sales ilog inc lake tahoe office alder avenue suite incline village nv usa phone ext fax email kturley ilog com downloaded free copy opl studio please visit http www ilog com products oplstudio ilog powering software http www ilog com http www cplex com ask ampl training june next opl studio training june p june ilog cplex licensee may acquire ilog opl studio discount ask details
"Subject: help on cluster analysis  just wanted to pass a quick note to say thanks for all of your help that the  three of you each gave me concerning cluster analysis . your help was  invaluable . as you may have been aware , we were performing the cluster  analysis to define the commercial zones in ercot . i only had a few days in  which to learn the fastclus procedure in sas and prepare graphical views of  the results .  your assistance ensured that enron was seen as one of three market leaders  who had the capability to perform the analysis and cross check other market  participants analysis . we were the only participant who had the ability to  graphically display the results .  i was able to take the lead in a commercial meeting because of the data and  results . i just wanted you guys to know that i really appreciated your help .  i have attached a couple of files that show some of the results . the  presentation has the best overview .  best regards ,  lance",0,help cluster analysis wanted pass quick note say thanks help three gave concerning cluster analysis help invaluable may aware performing cluster analysis define commercial zones ercot days learn fastclus procedure sas prepare graphical views results assistance ensured enron seen one three market leaders capability perform analysis cross check market participants analysis participant ability graphically display results able take lead commercial meeting data results wanted guys know really appreciated help attached couple files show results presentation best overview best regards lance
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at mx 3 . seanet . ro .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 )  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 31261 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 20 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo nsl . seanet . ro ) ( 192 . 168 . 136 . 2 )  by 0 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 19 - 0000  received : ( qmail 3573 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 19 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 211 . 245 . 27 . 66 )  by nsl . seanet . ro with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 18 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38191017 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : distmetkarmetkar @ seanet . ro  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program mx seanet ro afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work sorry mailbox name line copy message return path received qmail invoked network jul received unknown helo nsl seanet ro smtp jul received qmail invoked network jul received unknown helo mailwisconsin com nsl seanet ro smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo distmetkarmetkar seanet ro user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices startinq per dose unbelivable
"Subject: mba career opportunity  dear ? vincent kaminski :  ?  i got your contact details from the web site for power marketers . i have a  strong interest in pursuing a career in the energy industry ? with a top  energy company like ? enron , where my abilities and qualifications can be  fully applied for our mutual benefit .  i am graduating in may with an mba ? degree with concentrations in finance and  information systems . this summer i worked ? as an intern with structuring and  analytics group of ameren energy . ? this internship ? has been especially  challenging and has enhanced my professional competencies . while there , i  was afforded the opportunity to ? develop a forward view model ? for ? off -  peak ? electricity price forecasting and analyze the data sets of a  fundamental ? model to create forward price curves . both projects added value  to the company and provided me with first - hand experience in the area of  energy trading and marketing as well as modeling techniques .  in addition , i have an undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering and  two years ' experience in power generating . with my work experience in energy  finance and exceptional academic and professional achievements , along with  my exemplary leadership and management potential and outstanding analytical ,  business communication , problem - solving and computer skills , i ' m convinced  that i will be able to make immediate contributions to your company .  i am attaching my resume for your review . should you have any questions or  need clarification , please feel free to contact me at ( 504 ) 861 - 9110 or  qchenl @ tulane . edu .  as i have some offers with deadlines approaching , i would appreciate it if  you could give me a quick response . i also expect ? a base compensation above  $ 75 k . i look forward to ? hearing from you soon .  ?  best regards ,  qing ( christine ) chen  mba 2001  a . b . freeman school of business  tulane university  tel : ( 504 ) 861 - 9110  - resumeus . doc  - resumeus txt . txt",0,mba career opportunity dear vincent kaminski got contact details web site power marketers strong interest pursuing career energy industry top energy company like enron abilities qualifications fully applied mutual benefit graduating may mba degree concentrations finance information systems summer worked intern structuring analytics group ameren energy internship especially challenging enhanced professional competencies afforded opportunity develop forward view model peak electricity price forecasting analyze data sets fundamental model create forward price curves projects added value company provided first hand experience area energy trading marketing well modeling techniques addition undergraduate degree mechanical engineering two years experience power generating work experience energy finance exceptional academic professional achievements along exemplary leadership management potential outstanding analytical business communication problem solving computer skills convinced able make immediate contributions company attaching resume review questions need clarification please feel free contact qchenl tulane edu offers deadlines approaching would appreciate could give quick response also expect base compensation k look forward hearing soon best regards qing christine chen mba b freeman school business tulane university tel resumeus doc resumeus txt txt
"Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish stationery and outstanding webslte  will make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your  company will automaticaliy become a world leader : it isquite clear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,logo stationer website design much lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwhelminq good catchy logo stylish stationery outstanding webslte make task much easier promise ordered ioqo company automaticaliy become world leader isquite clear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: re : your comments on metals var model  dear andreas ,  thanks for the very useful response and information on positions . i have  handed over primary responsibility for metals var to kirstee hewitt ( at least  as far as london is concerned ) and she will follow up on the points you  kindly reported , although i am of course available to assist where  necessary . tanya will remain the point of contact for var modelling in  houston , and of course kirstee and tanya will work together on this to  resolve these and further issues . i would be happy to help set up meetings  for you in the london office when you visit next week , with kirstee , myself  and anyone else that you would like to meet with and we very much look  forward to your visit - please let me know if you need any help with the  arrangements .  regards ,  anjam  0207 783 5383  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 27 / 07 / 2000 08 : 40  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com 27 / 07 / 2000 00 : 36  to : anjam . ahmad @ enron . com , kirstee . hewitt @ enron . com  cc : bjorn _ hagelmann @ mgusa . com  subject : re : varmodel _ live . xls  anjam ,  thanks for your var model .  i would like to point out the following :  1 ) position data : i noted that the outright ( longs + shorts ) for copper  include positions which we should not use , i . e . r . wolff quantities . this  positions are imputed into the system at their integrity ( some legs / hedges  are missing )  this affects copper and lead position for now . the issues should be have  been sorted out by the end of this month , ie next week . so in copper you  have 25 , 487 mt to much and with lead you have 13 , 579 mt to much . ( as of june  19 )  2 ) looking at copper position you calculate a var of - 3 , 100 , 568 with a  total outright of 63 . 765 mt .  this seams too low . if i calculate 63765 x 1807 x 3 . 99 % = 4 . 218 mil . us $ . var  ( outright qty x price levelx risk factor , riskfactr as per mercur ) .  in my view we have been understating var in mercur because we do not  consider the spread position correctly ( i . e . in detail ) . on a position like  that i would expect a figure of around 6 mil us $ .  i guess the issue is in the volatility and in the holding period .  3 ) your correlation matrix for the commodities is not final i assume as  many fields are blank .  lets talk tomorrow on the phone .  attached please find the position summary for the last week # 30 ( since june  19 ) as requested by kirstee .  ( see attached file : mgposw 30 . xls )  andreas barschkis  mg metal & commodity corp .  520 madison avenue , 28 th floor  new york , ny 10022  tel : + 1 . 212 . 715 . 5628  cel : + 1 . 917 . 679 . 8287  fax : + 1 . 212 . 715 . 5608  e - mail : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com  anjam . ahmad @ e  nron . com to : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com  cc : kirstee . hewitt @ enron . com  07 / 26 / 2000 subject : zipped varmodel _ live . xls  11 : 37 am  hi andreas ,  this is the semi - final spreadsheet - have only to include price curves for  gold and cocoa . kirstee and i would welcome your comments .  regards ,  anjam  - mgposw 30 . xls",0,comments metals var model dear andreas thanks useful response information positions handed primary responsibility metals var kirstee hewitt least far london concerned follow points kindly reported although course available assist necessary tanya remain point contact var modelling houston course kirstee tanya work together resolve issues would happy help set meetings london office visit next week kirstee anyone else would like meet much look forward visit please let know need help arrangements regards anjam forwarded anjam ahmad lon ect enron capital trade resources corp andreas barschkis mgusa com anjam ahmad enron com kirstee hewitt enron com cc bjorn hagelmann mgusa com subject varmodel live xls anjam thanks var model would like point following position data noted outright longs shorts copper include positions use e r wolff quantities positions imputed system integrity legs hedges missing affects copper lead position issues sorted end month ie next week copper mt much lead mt much june looking copper position calculate var total outright mt seams low calculate x x mil us var outright qty x price levelx risk factor riskfactr per mercur view understating var mercur consider spread position correctly e detail position like would expect figure around mil us guess issue volatility holding period correlation matrix commodities final assume many fields blank lets talk tomorrow phone attached please find position summary last week since june requested kirstee see attached file mgposw xls andreas barschkis mg metal commodity corp madison avenue th floor new york ny tel cel fax e mail andreas barschkis mgusa com anjam ahmad e nron com andreas barschkis mgusa com cc kirstee hewitt enron com subject zipped varmodel live xls hi andreas semi final spreadsheet include price curves gold cocoa kirstee would welcome comments regards anjam mgposw xls
"Subject: visit with vince kaminski on may 4 th  carol :  for your information and susan ' s , christie patrick will not be available on the  4 th of may . she will be out of the city . maybe susan can contact her directly  at another time .  i still have 1 : 30 as the time for vince and susan to meet .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  04 / 09 / 2001 11 : 14 am  to : susan . hansen @ stanford . edu  cc :  subject : visit with vince kaminski on may 4 th  good morning susan :  vince forwarded the below message to me and after looking over his  calendar , he appears to be free most of the afternoon on the 4 th of may .  please let me know what would be a good time for you and i will block  it out before someone else gets it .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 11 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 06 / 2001 05 : 36 pm  to : "" susan c . hansen "" @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : visit from stanford ?  susan ,  thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the 4 th .  i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to set up the meeting .  also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to coordinate enron ' s  relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is christie patrick .  please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall coordinate the meeting  on may the 4 th with her .  vince  additional information re christie :  phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117  email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : visit from stanford ?  dear dr . kaminski ,  let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations  for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am  always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies  that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions .  i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with  stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for  some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip  to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the  university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to  include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday ,  may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip  planning .  the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship  between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities  in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best  points of contact .  i look forward to hearing from you about your availability ,  sincerely ,  susan hansen  susan c . hansen  director , corporate relations  school of engineering  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 ",0,visit vince kaminski may th carol information susan christie patrick available th may city maybe susan contact directly another time still time vince susan meet thanks shirley crenshaw forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm shirley crenshaw susan hansen stanford edu cc subject visit vince kaminski may th good morning susan vince forwarded message looking calendar appears free afternoon th may please let know would good time block someone else gets thanks shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski pm susan c hansen enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject visit stanford susan thank message shall glad meet may th shall ask assistant shirley crenshaw call set meeting also information recently set special unit coordinate enron relationships universities person running unit christie patrick please feel free contact give name reference shall coordinate meeting may th vince additional information christie phone email christie patrick enron com susan c hansen pm vkamins enron com cc subject visit stanford dear dr kaminski let briefly introduce director corporate relations school engineering stanford university role always watch ways bring faculty together companies appetite engagement top tier research institutions believe know hill huntington senior researcher stanford energy modeling forum suggested get touch ideas contacts enron process planning trip texas early may along colleague donna lawrence university director corporate relations hoping able include stop enron itinerary right appears friday may th would work best us beginning trip planning purpose visit would review current relationship enron stanford give overview current priorities school engineering ask help identifying best points contact look forward hearing availability sincerely susan hansen susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca
"Subject: bob lee ' s bio  vince ,  here ' s bob ' s bio . it ' s pretty short , but i expanded his picture a bit to  compensate . i also had to convert it from third person to first , so it ' s a  little "" i "" heavy .  sam  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  i joined the pricing and evaluation technology group in june , 2000 . i  , m  currently working on pricing models for commodity options and time series  analysis to relate commodity and equity prices .  i have completed an m . s . in financial engineering at the university of  michigan in april , 2000 and have also been an independent organization  development consultant for 15 years with extensive work in electric and gas  utilities . prior to that , i managed a methods development group for a  nuclear reactor manufacturer for 16 years .  from a few years back , i  , ve earned a bs ( aero . eng . ) from rensselaer  polytechnic institute , an ms ( nuclear science ) from vanderbilt university and  a ph . d . ( nuclear engineering ) from rensselaer .  when away from enron , my outside interests include yoga and grandchildren .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",0,bob lee bio vince bob bio pretty short expanded picture bit compensate also convert third person first little heavy sam joined pricing evaluation technology group june currently working pricing models commodity options time series analysis relate commodity equity prices completed financial engineering university michigan april also independent organization development consultant years extensive work electric gas utilities prior managed methods development group nuclear reactor manufacturer years years back earned bs aero eng rensselaer polytechnic institute ms nuclear science vanderbilt university ph nuclear engineering rensselaer away enron outside interests include yoga grandchildren
"Subject: the solution presentation , text , & budget  vincent :  attached are the three documents i used in the presentation : the power  point slides , the budget , and the written description .  if you have any questions , you can e - mail me or call at 972 - 727 - 0999 , or  my cell phone at 214 - 213 - 2205 .  thanks for the support , and i look forward to working with you .  mak  - the text portion of the final solution presentation . zip",0,solution presentation text budget vincent attached three documents used presentation power point slides budget written description questions e mail call cell phone thanks support look forward working mak text portion final solution presentation zip
"Subject: transportation for m . gillis and g . whitaker for post presentation  celebration at enron box at enron field  hi judith !  i have a special parking ticket for malcolm and gil to use in dr . gillis ' s car . then , i ' ll have a car pick up gil when he ' s ready to leave the game - - we ' ll take care of everything ( thanks for offering ) - - we ' re really looking forward to the event !  best regards for a great weekend !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 04 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  judith duvall on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 09 : 26 pm  to : christie . patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : rice alp final presentation and post presentation celebration at enron box at enron field  christie :  could you please fill me in on the logistics ? dr . gillis and gil whitaker  will  be at the apl project presentation at enron at 4 p . m . . further , they both  plan  to attend the dinner at enron field . however , dr . gillis must skip the  game due  to an early morning breakfast the next day . will you provide special parking  at the dinner / game ? i think dr . g and gil will go together , then i will have  dr . gillis picked up by limo , at approximately 8 : 00 p . m . does this sound  feasible ?  judith duvall  at 10 : 00 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > hi friends !  >  > the big rice - alp final presentation day is almost here : monday , may 7 th ,  > 4 pm , at enron , 1400 smith . please come to the enron lobby and ask for  > me or my assistant , melinda mccarty .  >  > after the presentation , you are cordially invited to dinner and an astro ' s  > game ( vs phillies ) at the enron box at enron field . as participation in  > the enron box at enron field is limited to this special invitation list  > only , please confirm your attendance via return email , or via voice mail to  > me at 713 - 853 - 6117 asap .  >  > we ' re very excited about the work the rice alp team has done and we ' re all  > greatly looking forward to the presentation .  >  > hope to see everyone monday ! !  >  > best regards !  >  > - - christie .  >  >  >  judith duvall  secretary to the president  rice university  6100 main street - - msl  houston , tx 77005  713 / 348 - 4601  713 / 348 - 5271 ( fax )",0,transportation gillis g whitaker post presentation celebration enron box enron field hi judith special parking ticket malcolm gil use dr gillis car car pick gil ready leave game take care everything thanks offering really looking forward event best regards great weekend christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm judith duvall pm christie patrick enron com cc subject rice alp final presentation post presentation celebration enron box enron field christie could please fill logistics dr gillis gil whitaker apl project presentation enron p plan attend dinner enron field however dr gillis must skip game due early morning breakfast next day provide special parking dinner game think dr g gil go together dr gillis picked limo approximately p sound feasible judith duvall wrote hi friends big rice alp final presentation day almost monday may th pm enron smith please come enron lobby ask assistant melinda mccarty presentation cordially invited dinner astro game vs phillies enron box enron field participation enron box enron field limited special invitation list please confirm attendance via return email via voice mail asap excited work rice alp team done greatly looking forward presentation hope see everyone monday best regards christie judith duvall secretary president rice university main street msl houston tx fax
"Subject: re : i am zhendong  zhendong ,  thanks . please , send me your updated resume as well .  vince  zhendong xia on 04 / 11 / 2001 09 : 14 : 01 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : i am zhendong  hi , dr . kaminski :  i am zhendong , the student of dr . deng . i think dr . deng has sent my  resume to you . i am very happy to have an opportunity to work with you  this summer .  i am a student in both ms qcf and ph . d eda programs in georgia tech  now . i plan to find a job in industry instead of academic after my  graduation . so i intend to do internship during the process of prusuing my  degree to acquire some experience for my future career .  i hope to start on 5 / 14 / 2001 and end on 8 / 17 / 2001 .  thanks a lot .  zhendong xia  georgia institute of technology  school of industrial and systems engineering  email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu  dengie @ sina . com  tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103  ( o ) 404 - 8944318",0,zhendong zhendong thanks please send updated resume well vince zhendong xia pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject zhendong hi dr kaminski zhendong student dr deng think dr deng sent resume happy opportunity work summer student ms qcf ph eda programs georgia tech plan find job industry instead academic graduation intend internship process prusuing degree acquire experience future career hope start end thanks lot zhendong xia georgia institute technology school industrial systems engineering email dengie isye gatech edu dengie sina com tel h
"Subject: re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  naveen ,  i got ngi - socal prices for prompt , prompt + 1 , . . . , prompt + 59 contracts .  for each contract i calculated moving average based on 21 log - returns as  well as moving volatility . then i calculated normalized log - returns :  [ return ( t ) - ave ( t ) ] / vol ( t )  and compared the results to normal distribution .  i could not find fat tails !  volatility changes a lot from day to day , so when people look at  log - returns ( not normalized ) it seems that there fat tails ( big spikes , large  returns more frequent than normal ) ,  which comes from the fact that volatility is not constant ( at all ) .  see the spreadsheet is under o : \ _ dropbox \ tanya  tanya",0,looking fat tails time series ngi socal naveen got ngi socal prices prompt prompt prompt contracts contract calculated moving average based log returns well moving volatility calculated normalized log returns return ave vol compared results normal distribution could find fat tails volatility changes lot day day people look log returns normalized seems fat tails big spikes large returns frequent normal comes fact volatility constant see spreadsheet dropbox tanya tanya
"Subject: re : trading algorithms  andy ,  sounds good . one comment : vasant is swamped with work coordinating  several high profile projects .  bob is very productive and thorough and will get a lot of support  internally from other members of the group : this contribution  may not be directly visible but it will be still very important .  we appreciate your hands - on involvement . it ' s always the most  important condition of a successful project to have direct and frequent  interaction  with the customer . look fwd to working on this project .  vince  from : andy zipper / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 18 / 2001 01 : 57 pm  to : jay webb / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : trading algorithms  guys ,  here is what i took away from our meeting :  1 ) . research will continue working on custom reporting off of enrononline  data .  2 ) . research will continue working on market analysis off of enrononline data  3 ) . research will a contribute a resource to the trading algorithm effort ,  presumably one at this point in time . i would prefer it to be vasant but i am  flexible . the trading algorithm group will be run by the enrononline team with  its product reviewed by research . it is my belief that projects like this  require a firm commercial hand in their infancy to make sure they stay on the  right track .  if this presents a problem for anyone please let me know so that we can  discuss .  thanks ,  andy",0,trading algorithms andy sounds good one comment vasant swamped work coordinating several high profile projects bob productive thorough get lot support internally members group contribution may directly visible still important appreciate hands involvement always important condition successful project direct frequent interaction customer look fwd working project vince andy zipper enron enronxgate pm jay webb enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject trading algorithms guys took away meeting research continue working custom reporting enrononline data research continue working market analysis enrononline data research contribute resource trading algorithm effort presumably one point time would prefer vasant flexible trading algorithm group run enrononline team product reviewed research belief projects like require firm commercial hand infancy make sure stay right track presents problem anyone please let know discuss thanks andy
"Subject: california power  rick & ted ,  one more thing to watch . california power prices next summer .  we see the possibility of higher prices and of spikes ( bad hydro conditions  in california , growing demand for power ) .  vince",0,california power rick ted one thing watch california power prices next summer see possibility higher prices spikes bad hydro conditions california growing demand power vince
"Subject: new commodity marketplace opportunity  mark lay : i shared confidentially with vince kaminski my developing  concept of a highly inefficient not - for - profit enterprise with  dramatically increasing costs . i believe that a for - profit economic  model is possible that should reverse these skyrocketing costs and  ultimately lower the commodity thereby having a national , if not , global  impact of health care costs . vince seems to also believe in the  concepts potential . the ceo of one of the biggest u . s . blood banks has  already asked to become involved . i would like involve more people  with vision , means and desire to help make this a reality . i would look  forward to meeting with you to talk further . al arfsten 713 965 2158",0,new commodity marketplace opportunity mark lay shared confidentially vince kaminski developing concept highly inefficient profit enterprise dramatically increasing costs believe profit economic model possible reverse skyrocketing costs ultimately lower commodity thereby national global impact health care costs vince seems also believe concepts potential ceo one biggest u blood banks already asked become involved would like involve people vision means desire help make reality would look forward meeting talk al arfsten
"Subject: title  dear mr . kaminski ,  ?  i hope i got your title right . i looked everywhere for it and i could not  find it . in one of the numerous discussions i had with professor shreve  about you i remember having heard "" head of research "" . . . probably energy , but  that i could not recall . is this ok ? also i would like to have the title of  the conference , it is useful !  ?  finnally , there is a request for your e - mail by a phd student , do you allow  me to provide this info ?  ?  ?  sincerely ,  ?  pierre - philippe ste - marie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pstemarie . homestead . com",0,title dear mr kaminski hope got title right looked everywhere could find one numerous discussions professor shreve remember heard head research probably energy could recall ok also would like title conference useful finnally request e mail phd student allow provide info sincerely pierre philippe ste marie pstemarie homestead com
"Subject: benzene forward curve & hedge calculator  new market we are trying to develop in benzene swaps - possibly hedging with  financial naphtha and physical toluene .  rgds ,  anjam  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 14 / 03 / 2000 10 : 35  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anjam ahmad  14 / 03 / 2000 10 : 34  to : robert brewis / lon / ect @ ect , stuart bland / lon / ect @ ect  cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , hrvoje paver / lon / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tracy wallace / lon / ect @ ect  subject : benzene forward curve & hedge calculator  dear all ,  attached is the spreadsheet "" benzenecurves . xls "" ( also available in  s : \ research \ globalproducts ) that will hopefully allow you to derive a  mid - curve for benzene based upon our existing naphtha curve produced by  tracy . the previous hedge ratio analysis is still part of the new  spreadsheet .  for clarity a graph of the curve based on 1996 through 2000 data is depicted  below :  i can also provide confidence bands on the regression model , if this can  assist in deciding the bid - offer spread for the forward curve , but this is  slightly more involved - let me know you ' d like this .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  attachment :",0,benzene forward curve hedge calculator new market trying develop benzene swaps possibly hedging financial naphtha physical toluene rgds anjam forwarded anjam ahmad lon ect anjam ahmad robert brewis lon ect ect stuart bland lon ect ect cc dale surbey lon ect ect hrvoje paver lon ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect tracy wallace lon ect ect subject benzene forward curve hedge calculator dear attached spreadsheet benzenecurves xls also available research globalproducts hopefully allow derive mid curve benzene based upon existing naphtha curve produced tracy previous hedge ratio analysis still part new spreadsheet clarity graph curve based data depicted also provide confidence bands regression model assist deciding bid offer spread forward curve slightly involved let know like regards anjam x attachment
"Subject: let the tba doctor save your tough cases  sex  age  face amt .  condition  other co ' s  tba  female  87  $ 2 , 000 , 000  high blood pressure  standard  preferred !  male  60  $ 500 , 000  aneurysm - treated surgically  decline  standard !  male  57  $ 1 , 000 , 000  heart attack 1997 & pacemaker  table 6  standard !  female  57  $ 500 , 000  diabetic for 34 years  table 4  standard !  male  51  $ 1 , 500 , 000  alcohol abuse ( dry 1 year )  decline  standard !  male  50  $ 2 , 500 , 000  1 / 2 pack a day cigarette smoker  pref . smoker  pref . nonsmoker !  male  47  $ 2 , 000 , 000  tobacco chewer  smoker  pref . nonsmoker !  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailings who does not wish  to receive them . this is professional communication  sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,  do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout ",1,let tba doctor save tough cases sex age face amt condition co tba female high blood pressure standard preferred male aneurysm treated surgically decline standard male heart attack pacemaker table standard female diabetic years table standard male alcohol abuse dry year decline standard male pack day cigarette smoker pref smoker pref nonsmoker male tobacco chewer smoker pref nonsmoker please fill form information name e mail phone city state want anybody receive mailings wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insuranceiq com optout
"Subject: my new life  hello , welcome to pharmonli stimulant ne sh cordiality op  - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sho untrodden ps  derring v  protoplasmic g  a infante l  l merely l  ergonomics la  r sobriquet ac fertilizer l  i tappet sv tactical a  dishcloth um  andmanyother .  - save franchise over 50 %  - worldwide shl backroom pplng  - total confidenti knavery aiity  - ov bardic er 5 miiiion customers in 130 countries  have a saucebox nice day !",1,new life hello welcome pharmonli stimulant ne sh cordiality op one leading oniine pharmaceutical sho untrodden ps derring v protoplasmic g infante l l merely l ergonomics la r sobriquet ac fertilizer l tappet sv tactical dishcloth um andmanyother save franchise worldwide shl backroom pplng total confidenti knavery aiity ov bardic er miiiion customers countries saucebox nice day
"Subject: you launched a website but no one visits it ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  lf you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do  that is to  make your site visibie in places  where people search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in multipie search enqines .  submit your website oniine  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  vaidaweeks _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,launched website one visits submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically lf invested time money website simply must submit website oniine otherwise wili invisible virtuaiiy means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues way make site visibie places people search information e submit website multipie search enqines submit website oniine watch visitors stream e business best regards vaidaweeks interested
"Subject: re : update  john ,  i shall be traveling thu and fri this week and mon and tue next week .  please , give me a call tuesday morning and i shall carve out  an hour from my schedule to discuss the paper . stinson will be gone for three  weeks so  we have to do the work without him .  alternatively , we can delay the conversation till next week .  vince  "" john d . martin "" on 09 / 12 / 2000 04 : 23 : 34 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : update  vince ,  sorry i haven ' t been pressing you on the paper but there ' s always more to  do than we have time for . however , i had a phone call from the editor  encouraging me to get the paper to him by christmas so it could serve as  the centerpiece of his energy issue . his comment to me was "" everyone wants  to know what enron ' s doing "" . so , with that said i ' ll try to put together a  list of materials that i have collected and maybe we can have a phone  conversation to get your ideas on a plan to put the paper together . the  harvard cases do a nice job of laying out institutional and historical  details but we will need a "" tack "" or theme to begin the writing process .  by the way , we have managed to delay the spring texas finance festival one  week so that it will not coincide with easter ( hope you can now attend ) .  we didn ' t have too many problems with the easter weekend but there were  some and we would prefer not to use that weekend either .  hope all is going well for you guys . tell stinson hello for me .  your friend ,  john  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,update john shall traveling thu fri week mon tue next week please give call tuesday morning shall carve hour schedule discuss paper stinson gone three weeks work without alternatively delay conversation till next week vince john martin pm vkamins enron com cc subject update vince sorry pressing paper always time however phone call editor encouraging get paper christmas could serve centerpiece energy issue comment everyone wants know enron said try put together list materials collected maybe phone conversation get ideas plan put paper together harvard cases nice job laying institutional historical details need tack theme begin writing process way managed delay spring texas finance festival one week coincide easter hope attend many problems easter weekend would prefer use weekend either hope going well guys tell stinson hello friend john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : project brainstorming for paulo  april , i ' ll be in colorado until march 10 . we can schedule next week or you  can talk to him directly . currently , ebs research is helping kevin howard  and scott yeager ( indirectly via kevin ) in their effort to assess the value  of an eyeball . paulo ' s research will complement this effort . the research  that paulo will perform for you will be part of a bigger picture work that  kevin howard has aked stinson and i to support . you can call me on my cell  713 - 516 - 5440 while i am in co .  regards ,  ravi .  april hodgson  03 / 02 / 00 07 : 13 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect @ enron  cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect @ enron  subject : re : project brainstorming for paulo  i will be in my office friday and next tuesday . other than that i will be  traveling so please call me on one of those days and we can discuss this  further . i was in houston this week and will be back in houston 3 / 14 -  3 / 16 . let me know what works for you .  regards  stinson gibner @ ect  03 / 02 / 00 10 : 03 am  to : april hodgson / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : project brainstorming for paulo  april :  paulo is the mit ph . d . student who talked with you by phone a couple of weeks  ago . he is interested in trying to better define what type of project he  might do over the summer with ebs . recall that he is interested in the  psychological / customer behavior issues related to web commerce as compared to  traditional commerce . perhaps the easiest way to proceed would be for you ,  me , ravi , and vince to get together to discuss possibilities . we could then  include paulo by phone to get his initial reactions / suggestions . after an  initial assessment , we could then plan on another visit for paulo .  please let me know what your schedule would allow .  thanks ,  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 02 / 2000  08 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  paulo rocha e oliveira on 02 / 28 / 2000 12 : 19 : 18 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : next meeting  stinson -  thanks for your reply . i just got a call from someone at enron today about  summer employment , so i think a meeting with april and your group would be  very appropriate at this time .  i am available to meet with april any day this coming month , except march  9 , march 10 , and march 17 - 30 .  please let me know what works for you .  thanks again ,  paulo",0,project brainstorming paulo april colorado march schedule next week talk directly currently ebs research helping kevin howard scott yeager indirectly via kevin effort assess value eyeball paulo research complement effort research paulo perform part bigger picture work kevin howard aked stinson support call cell co regards ravi april hodgson pm stinson gibner hou ect ect enron cc ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications vince j kaminski hou ect ect enron subject project brainstorming paulo office friday next tuesday traveling please call one days discuss houston week back houston let know works regards stinson gibner ect april hodgson enron communications enron communications cc ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject project brainstorming paulo april paulo mit ph student talked phone couple weeks ago interested trying better define type project might summer ebs recall interested psychological customer behavior issues related web commerce compared traditional commerce perhaps easiest way proceed would ravi vince get together discuss possibilities could include paulo phone get initial reactions suggestions initial assessment could plan another visit paulo please let know schedule would allow thanks stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect paulo rocha e oliveira pm cc subject next meeting stinson thanks reply got call someone enron today summer employment think meeting april group would appropriate time available meet april day coming month except march march march please let know works thanks paulo
Subject: esecure online pharmacies  cialis offers efficacy and spontaneity in your love life .  my music is best understood by children and animals .  one can acquire everything in solitude - except character .  people find life entirely too time - consuming .  the truth is more important than the facts .,1,esecure online pharmacies cialis offers efficacy spontaneity love life music best understood children animals one acquire everything solitude except character people find life entirely time consuming truth important facts
"Subject: internal guest access to enrononline  vince ,  following is an internal guest id and password which will allow you view only  access to enrononline .  please note , the user id and password are case sensitive .  user id : eol 59545  password : welcome !  if you have any difficulties logging in , please contact the enrononline  helpdesk at 713 - 853 - help ( 4357 )  with any questions .",0,internal guest access enrononline vince following internal guest id password allow view access enrononline please note user id password case sensitive user id eol password welcome difficulties logging please contact enrononline helpdesk help questions
"Subject: re : var  vince  thanks for the update - especially your point 3 which echoes our own  discussion yesterday : i want to clarify responsibilities for maintenance and  administration of var .  we need transparency around the process so that mapping decisions , for  example , are easily made , supported and reviewed .  it became clear after last friday ' s events , that we are in an awkward  paradigm with respect to how we handle var here , particularly at "" pressure  points "" .  i am putting together the scope of a "" general overhaul "" of the var process ,  including method and administration , to which i hope we would all buy in , so  be assured of our co - operation .  dp  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 2 : 49 pm  to : port , david  cc : lavorato , john ; kaminski , vince ; tamarchenko , tanya  subject : var  david ,  during today ' s var coordination meeting we had a discussion of issues  related to mapping of the forward price curves into core locations .  mapping is a necessity dictated by the limitations of the computer system :  we have to reduce the dimensionality of the problem to stay within the bounds  of available cpu memory . also , in some cases the quality of price discovery  is poor  and it ' s difficult to model the price curves independently : we solve the  problem by mapping  them into more liquid and better behaved core locations curves .  we have agreed on the following :  1 . winston will investigate the it side and determine to what extent we can  increase the number  of forward price curves that are simulated as basic ( core ) curves . he will  investigate the impact of a larger  number of the core curves on the time required to complete the var run .  2 . the curves associated with the biggest 10 - 20 positions in each commodity  should be  modeled as core curves ( i . e . no mapping into other locations ) . it makes sense  to monitor  the biggest risks separately and avoid aggregating them into less  transparent aggregates .  3 . the results of an automated clustering ( mapping ) procedures should be  systematically  monitored by a human and corrected if they misrepresent the risks of the  trading positions .  this responsibility should be vested with one person ( right now the  responsibility is  dispersed through the organization and this means in practice that nobody  is responsible ) . research can allocate one person to this task ;  cooperation of trading and rac will be critical .  vince",0,var vince thanks update especially point echoes discussion yesterday want clarify responsibilities maintenance administration var need transparency around process mapping decisions example easily made supported reviewed became clear last friday events awkward paradigm respect handle var particularly pressure points putting together scope general overhaul var process including method administration hope would buy assured co operation dp original message kaminski vince sent wednesday april pm port david cc lavorato john kaminski vince tamarchenko tanya subject var david today var coordination meeting discussion issues related mapping forward price curves core locations mapping necessity dictated limitations computer system reduce dimensionality problem stay within bounds available cpu memory also cases quality price discovery poor difficult model price curves independently solve problem mapping liquid better behaved core locations curves agreed following winston investigate side determine extent increase number forward price curves simulated basic core curves investigate impact larger number core curves time required complete var run curves associated biggest positions commodity modeled core curves e mapping locations makes sense monitor biggest risks separately avoid aggregating less transparent aggregates results automated clustering mapping procedures systematically monitored human corrected misrepresent risks trading positions responsibility vested one person right responsibility dispersed organization means practice nobody responsible research allocate one person task cooperation trading rac critical vince
"Subject: re : grades  thank you ! ?  you have been wonderful to work with this semester .  stay in touch and we ' ll see you next year .  - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  at 10 : 33 pm 5 / 4 / 01 - 0400 , vkaminski @ aol . com wrote :  pam ,  the students resent the documents .  the group members :  rakhi israni  felix feng lu  winny so  orlandotaylor  sanjay wankhade  ning zhang  grade : a  separately , i think i have sent you already :  jeffrey planck  grade : a  please , confirm this message .  vince kaminski",0,grades thank wonderful work semester stay touch see next year pam pm vkaminski aol com wrote pam students resent documents group members rakhi israni felix feng lu winny orlandotaylor sanjay wankhade ning zhang grade separately think sent already jeffrey planck grade please confirm message vince kaminski
"Subject: risk 2000 , 12 - 15 june , boston - speaker confirmation  thank you for agreeing to speak at risk magazine ' s annual us congress , risk  2000 , taking place in boston between 12 - 15 june 2000 .  ?  could you please return this email with your full postal address and contact  details so we can send you hard copies of the brochure , inform you of  congress and hotel locations and let you know when we will need a copy of  your presentation . if you are part of a panel discussion , myself or the  panel moderator will contact you shortly .  ?  in the meantime the full brochure can be viewed and / or downloaded from the  following web address -  ?  www . riskpublications . com / risk 2000 us  ?  if you have any further questions , please don ' t hesitate to contact me .  ?  best regards ,  ?  oliver bennett  senior conference producer  ?  ?  direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9880  ?  risk publications , 28 - 29 haymarket , london swly 4 rx  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800 ? email : oliver @ risk . co . uk  www . riskpublications . com",0,risk june boston speaker confirmation thank agreeing speak risk magazine annual us congress risk taking place boston june could please return email full postal address contact details send hard copies brochure inform congress hotel locations let know need copy presentation part panel discussion panel moderator contact shortly meantime full brochure viewed downloaded following web address www riskpublications com risk us questions please hesitate contact best regards oliver bennett senior conference producer direct risk publications haymarket london swly rx fax email oliver risk co uk www riskpublications com
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corel painter ix  $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  toni ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professional adobe premiere pro corel designer quickbooks professionai edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corel painter ix adobe iilustrator cs adobe lndesiqn cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker uiead cool production studio alias motion buiider professionai quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely toni
"Subject: re : "" analytical "" var implementation in risktrac  debbie ,  i am forwarding to you a 2 page document describing implementation of  "" analytical "" var in risktrac .  here is why this effort is very important :  1 . we need to calculate var for other percentile but 5 ( 1 % or even 0 . 2 % as  mentioned by rick buy )  and our simulation model can not handle required number of simulations ;  2 . we need to present additional risk measures ( such as mean tail loss ) to  the board .  the analytical approach is implemented in a spreadsheet and fully tested  already so there will be no problems  with the algorithm itself .  we need to get together and discuss it implementation .  what do you think ?  tanya",0,analytical var implementation risktrac debbie forwarding page document describing implementation analytical var risktrac effort important need calculate var percentile even mentioned rick buy simulation model handle required number simulations need present additional risk measures mean tail loss board analytical approach implemented spreadsheet fully tested already problems algorithm need get together discuss implementation think tanya
"Subject: re : interview with the enron research group  you are quite welcome kin . we wish you the best in reaching your career  goals and we look forward to hearing from you in the future .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  "" kin tso "" on 11 / 01 / 2000 12 : 52 : 02 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : interview with the enron research group  dear shirley ,  thank you so much for your email . after carefully considering my career  goals , i feel the associate program with a rotation in the enron  research group is a better fit . i am really interested in enron and i  would try to contact your colleagues in the associate program about this  issue before i schedule an interview with the enron research group . i  truly apologize for the inconvenience caused and i want to thank you  again for your kind assistance .  regards ,  kin tso  512 - 619 - 5323  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  sent : tue 10 / 31 / 2000 12 : 16 pm  to : kin tso  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; stinson . gibner @ enron . com ;  zimin . lu @ enron . com ; tanya . tamarchenko @ enron . com ; molly . magee @ enron . com  subject : interview with the enron research group  good morning kin :  your resume was forwarded to the research group with enron north  america and they would like you to come in for an informal  interview  sometime next week . the following dates and times are available  within  our group . please let us know if either of these two dates fit  your  schedule .  monday , november 6 th :  8 : 00 am to 11 : 30 am  friday , november 10 th :  8 : 00 am to 11 : 30 am  since we prefer these interviews to begin at 8 : 00 am , it would  probably  be best if you came the night before , spent the night at a hotel  downtown  and then were able to be at the enron bldg by 8 : 00 am . please  let me  know if this is what you would like to do and we will make the  hotel  reservation .  i look forward to hearing from you .  best regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  - winmail . dat",0,interview enron research group quite welcome kin wish best reaching career goals look forward hearing future regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group kin tso pm cc subject interview enron research group dear shirley thank much email carefully considering career goals feel associate program rotation enron research group better fit really interested enron would try contact colleagues associate program issue schedule interview enron research group truly apologize inconvenience caused want thank kind assistance regards kin tso original message shirley crenshaw enron com sent tue pm kin tso cc vince j kaminski enron com stinson gibner enron com zimin lu enron com tanya tamarchenko enron com molly magee enron com subject interview enron research group good morning kin resume forwarded research group enron north america would like come informal interview sometime next week following dates times available within group please let us know either two dates fit schedule monday november th friday november th since prefer interviews begin would probably best came night spent night hotel downtown able enron bldg please let know would like make hotel reservation look forward hearing best regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group winmail dat
"Subject: assistance me  my name is mr . newton gwarada , the stepson of mr . terry ford of zimbabwe . it might be a surprise to you where i got your contact address ; i got it from the net . dont be worried because i am contacting you in good faith .  during the current crisis against the farmer of zimbabwe by the supporters of our president robert mugabe to claim all the white owned farms in our country , he ordered all the white farmers to surrender their farms to his party members and their followers .  my stepfather was one of the best farmer in the country and knowing that he did not support the president political ideology , the president supporters invaded my stepfather "" s farm and burnt down everything , killed him and confiscated all his investments .  after the death of my stepfather , my mother and i with my younger sister decided to move out of zimbabwe for the safety of our lives . we took along with us the money my stepfather kept in the safe in my mother ' s house which amounted to the sum of us $ 20 m ( twenty million united states dollars ) to the republic of south africa where we have deposited it as personal valuables in a private security company for safe - keeping .  because of our present status ( political refugees ) , my mother and i are sriously looking forward to having an overseas partner that will assist us with the convenient and legal transfer of the funds out of south africa .  if my proposition is considered , for assisting us to transfer this money to your country , we will offer you 20 % of the total fund , and 5 % of the total will be set aside to cover any expenses incurred during this transaction , 75 % will be for my family to invest . in your country under your supervision .  for detailed information , you can contact me direct .  i would appreciate confidentiality and honesty in our correspondence . your immediate response will be highly wecomed .  best regards ,  mr . newton gwarada",1,assistance name mr newton gwarada stepson mr terry ford zimbabwe might surprise got contact address got net dont worried contacting good faith current crisis farmer zimbabwe supporters president robert mugabe claim white owned farms country ordered white farmers surrender farms party members followers stepfather one best farmer country knowing support president political ideology president supporters invaded stepfather farm burnt everything killed confiscated investments death stepfather mother younger sister decided move zimbabwe safety lives took along us money stepfather kept safe mother house amounted sum us twenty million united states dollars republic south africa deposited personal valuables private security company safe keeping present status political refugees mother sriously looking forward overseas partner assist us convenient legal transfer funds south africa proposition considered assisting us transfer money country offer total fund total set aside cover expenses incurred transaction family invest country supervision detailed information contact direct would appreciate confidentiality honesty correspondence immediate response highly wecomed best regards mr newton gwarada
"Subject: performance  good morning everyone .  please let me know which date you would prefer . december 4 or december 8 th .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  07 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  norma villarreal  10 / 28 / 2000 10 : 47 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect ,  osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona perkins / corp / enron @ enron  subject : performance  the research group will be conducting a performance review committee ( prc )  meeting in early december . all vice presidents , sr . directors and directors  should attend . shirley crenshaw will be contacting you to schedule the prc  meeting date and time . these are the current available dates :  december 4 , 8 .  in preparation for the meeting please submit recommended rankings and  promotions to me based on employee feedback by november 29 , 2000 . please  included analyst / associates ,  if you have any questions please feel free to call me or ramona perkins at  x 58165 .  here is some helpful information for you as we proceed throughout he  performance evaluation process  october 25 , 2000 - november 17 , 2000 ( 3 1 / 2 weeks ) :  employees will provide a list of accomplishments occurring after june 1 , 2000  to their supervisors  employees will receive an email advising of access and passwords to pep  system ( 10 / 25 )  employees identify selected reviewers on line and will submit to supervisor  supervisor will add and / or delete reviewers in order to capture a full 360  degree feedback  supervisor will submit and reviewers will receive an e : mail advising them of  their reviewer role  reviewers can decline or complete the review  once system closes on november 17 , 2000 ,  prepare for research prc meeting ( print consolidate review , pre rank  employees , identify candidates for promotion and submit to hr )  important dates ( i will notify you of any changes ) :  september 30 , 2000 only employees before 10 / 1 / 00 will be included for pep and  bonuses  october 15 , 2000 whomever is the supervisor for employees on 10 / 15 / 00 will be  responsible for their reviews  october 25 , 2000 pep system opens ( http : / pep . corp . enron . com )  october 30 - 31 , 2000 pep overview session at doubletree  november 17 , 2000 pep system closes for feedback  november 23 - 24 thanksgiving holiday  november 29 , 2000 provide hr with pre - rankings and promotions  december tbd , 2000 research prc  january 31 , 2001 all reviews must be complete , signed and submitted to hr  norma  sr . hr representative  x 31545",0,performance good morning everyone please let know date would prefer december december th thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect norma villarreal shirley crenshaw hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect osman sezgen hou ees ees cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect ramona perkins corp enron enron subject performance research group conducting performance review committee prc meeting early december vice presidents sr directors directors attend shirley crenshaw contacting schedule prc meeting date time current available dates december preparation meeting please submit recommended rankings promotions based employee feedback november please included analyst associates questions please feel free call ramona perkins x helpful information proceed throughout performance evaluation process october november weeks employees provide list accomplishments occurring june supervisors employees receive email advising access passwords pep system employees identify selected reviewers line submit supervisor supervisor add delete reviewers order capture full degree feedback supervisor submit reviewers receive e mail advising reviewer role reviewers decline complete review system closes november prepare research prc meeting print consolidate review pre rank employees identify candidates promotion submit hr important dates notify changes september employees included pep bonuses october whomever supervisor employees responsible reviews october pep system opens http pep corp enron com october pep overview session doubletree november pep system closes feedback november thanksgiving holiday november provide hr pre rankings promotions december tbd research prc january reviews must complete signed submitted hr norma sr hr representative x
"Subject: get latest version , cds and download under $ 99  a wide range of software applications , drivers , and more .  http : / / oqqoe . 29 oz 512 vhck 9 hlk . plazajm . net  a poet more than thirty years old is simply an overgrown child .  the way we see the problem is the problem .",1,get latest version cds download wide range software applications drivers http oqqoe oz vhck hlk plazajm net poet thirty years old simply overgrown child way see problem problem
"Subject: cplex  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom halliburton / corp / enron on 05 / 25 / 2000  09 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat  05 / 22 / 2000 11 : 56 am  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , tom  halliburton / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : cplex  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  05 / 22 / 2000 11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : samer takriti @ enron communications on 05 / 22 / 2000 11 : 46 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , ravi thuraisingham / enron  communications @ enron communications  subject : cplex  stinson ,  krishna mentioned that tom wants to buy ( may have bought ) xpress . tom ' s  argument is that xpress ' s language allows the user to express special ordered  sets ( certain types of constraints ) in a convenient fashion . chonawee and i  just talked to two of cplex ' s consultants ( whom i know personally ) . they both  mentioned that these sets are recognized and handled implicitly within cplex .  as a result , there is no need for their modeling language to express these  constraints explicitly .  as a result , i feel that we should go with cplex . both chonawee and krishna  seem to have the same impression . i need to get a final vote on this one so  that we can order the licenses . this has been dragging on for too long .  - samer  [ chonawee , my address book does not recognize ena users . please forward to  grant , krishna , and tom ]",0,cplex forwarded tom halliburton corp enron chonawee supatgiat grant masson hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect tom halliburton corp enron enron cc subject cplex forwarded chonawee supatgiat corp enron samer takriti enron communications stinson gibner hou ect ect cc chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications subject cplex stinson krishna mentioned tom wants buy may bought xpress tom argument xpress language allows user express special ordered sets certain types constraints convenient fashion chonawee talked two cplex consultants know personally mentioned sets recognized handled implicitly within cplex result need modeling language express constraints explicitly result feel go cplex chonawee krishna seem impression need get final vote one order licenses dragging long samer chonawee address book recognize ena users please forward grant krishna tom
"Subject: from the enron india newsdesk - may 4 th newsclips  vince / stinson ,  some news articles on india . it appears that dpc will attend the may 11  meeting , but will not be presenting any proposals .  they will be taking representatives from the lender side , ge and bechtel , as  well as from the lng supplier side .  also , a name has been thrown up as the likely person to represent the center .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nikita varma  05 / 04 / 2001 07 : 47 am  to : nikita varma / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : ( bcc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development )  subject : from the enron india newsdesk - may 4 th newsclips  the economic times  friday , may 04 , 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 04 infrol . htm  godbole panel suggestions unacceptable : enron , girish kuber  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the above article also appeared in the following newspaper :  business standard  friday , may 04 , 2001 ,  godbole terms of reference not acceptable : dpc  the hindustan times  power purchase talks between govt , enron falls through  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india  friday , may 04 , 2001 , http : / / www . timesofindia . com / today / 04 busi 2 . htm  enron ready to take part in ppa talk , nitin yeshwantrao  the financial express  friday , may 04 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010504 / ecol 0 . html  dpc team to appear before godbole panel on may 11  the above article also appeared the following newspapers :  mid day  enron , state govt to meet next week  the hindu businessline  friday , may 04 , 2001 , http : / / www . hindubusinessline . com / stories / 140456 uy . htm  enron wants renegotiation meet rescheduled  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  afternoon  friday , 4 may , 2001 , http : / / www . afternoondc . com /  houston team to meet godbole  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  business standard  friday , may 04 , 2001 ,  salve may represent centre on enron talks panel  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india  friday , may 04 , 2001 , http : / / www . timesofindia . com / today / 04 busi 2 . htm  salve may represent centre on enron talk panel  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pioneer  friday , may 04 , 2001 ,  enron talks : salve may be govt man  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mid day  friday 4 may 2001 ,  enron ' s rates too high : mseb  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , friday , may 04 , 2001  godbole panel suggestions unacceptable : enron , girish kuber  hopes that the godbole committee would be able to renegotiate the dabhol  power project promoted by the us energy major enron may turn out to be  misplaced . the us energy major says that the godbole committee  , s suggestions  were unacceptable . in response to a query from et , the company said in a  statement that the  & published terms of the godbole report do not represent  an acceptable basis for further discussions .  8 the statement said that it  would be meeting the committee next week as  & a matter of courtesy  8 .  & since  the purpose of our meeting is to hear out the committee and understand their  thoughts , we will not present any proposals ,  8 the statement said . according  to highly - placed sources in the government , the company has informed the  madhav godbole panel that it would be meeting on may 11 . earlier reports had  indicated that the discussions with the panel would take place on may 5 .  according to sources , enron would be meeting the panel with representatives  of its lenders and shareholders . the godbole committee , that studied the  current power purchase agreement , has called for cancellation of the present  tariff structure , renegotiation of the lng and shipping contract , removal of  dollar denomination as far as fixed charges of the tariff is concerned , debt  restructuring and the formation of a committee to renegotiate the power  purchase agreement . these suggestions , it seems , may not be acceptable to  enron . the maharashtra government accepted the report and asked the godbole  committee to renegotiate . the committee has been given a month  , s time to  renegotiate on behalf of the state government with dpc for a new ppa .  the committee has opined that since the lng facility of 5 mmpta is far in  excess of what is required by the plant ( only 2 . 1 mmpta of which 1 . 8 mmpta is  on take or pay ) , it should be separated into a distinct facility whose  capital costs should not be reflected in the fuel charge , not as take or pay .  it should instead be only in proportion to the fuel regassified for the power  generation . using the entire allocated gas requires an unusually high plf .  instead , the surplus gas can be sold to other players like petronet or enron  ,  s own metgas .  & it is important to distribute the cost over the entire  capacity and not just the amount sold to the power plant ,  8 says the  committee . similarly , it has been suggested that enron could lease out the  harbour facilities as a common facility to other lng importers . on the lng  contract negotiated by enron for long - term supplies , it has said that since  the lng market has witnessed great changes , particularly as far as prices are  concerned , the power company should take advantage of spot buys and  renegotiate the contract accordingly .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india , friday , may 04 , 2001  enron ready to take part in ppa talk , nitin yeshwantrao  the enron management has finally agreed to participate in a ' discussion '  with the madhav godbole - led re - negotiation committee set - up to facilitate  the restructuring of the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) signed between the  us power major and the state government . officials of dabhol power company  ( dpc ) , a subsidiary of enron , alongwith their team of shareholders and  lenders will arrive here on may 11 for talks with the nine - member godbole  panel . though the dpc spokesperson was reluctant to give a confirmation , a key  mantralaya official told the times of india that the team had expressed  willingness for talks with the experts committee in a bid to end the  imbroglio .  enron ' s response is viewed as a welcome development to amicably resolve the  controversy which had been raging for the last few weeks , with the board of  directors of enron authorising its india md k wade cline to serve a  termination notice to mseb . the state government , on its part , too adopted a  confrontational position by slapping a rs 401 crore rebate charge on dpc for  defaulting on power supply . however , the sudden change of heart by the enron  management is largely attributed to the stand taken by its local lenders led  by industrial development bank of india ( idbi ) which had recently opposed the  move to pull out of the project . this was in contradiction to the stand taken  by the foreign lenders of the dpc who were in favour of slamming the brakes  on disbursement of funds to dpc . the congress - led democratic front government  had publicly declared that it would impress upon the enron management to  renegotiate the ppa as scrapping the project would not be in the interest of  both the parties .  last week , the state government constituted a nine - member panel of experts  under former bureaucrat madhav godbole . godbole had written to the dpc  management inviting it for talks to re - negotiate the ppa on may 5 . for the  delayed response from enron , the meeting has been rescheduled to may 11 . the  issues which would be debated at the meeting include the separation of the  lng facility from the power plant , renegotiating lng supply and shipping  agreements , redefining the dpc tariff and to convert it into a two - part  tariff . the godbole panel will bargain hard for removal of dollar  denomination in the fixed charge component and to allow the maharashtra  government to sell power to third parties .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the financial express , friday , may 04 , 2001 ,  dpc team to appear before godbole panel on may 11  a battery of dabhol power company ( dpc ) officials and foreign lenders will  appear before the madhav godbole renegotiations committee on may 11  & as a  matter of courtesy , and not for presenting any proposals .  8 simultaneously , the  dpc has made it clear that the published terms of the godbole report do not  represent an acceptable basis for further discussions . the dpc team is likely  to include officials from the enron corp , bechtel , general electric , its  liquefied natural gas suppliers , oman lng and abu dhabi lng and a trustee  bank , abn amro for the proposed may 11 meeting , it is reliably learnt .  mantralaya sources said that the dpc had earlier expressed its inability to  appear before the godbole committee on may 5 , fixed earlier , on account of  the non - arrival of its team from houston and other parts of the world .  however , the company has ultimately decided to meet the godbole committee on  may 11 .  dpc spokesman jimmy mogal said :  & we confirm that dpc has been invited to meet  the recently formed negotiating committee . as a matter of courtesy , we have  agreed to meet them next week . since the purpose of our meeting is to hear  out the committee and understand their thoughts , we will not present any  proposals .  8  & while we have constantly maintained that we are open to a  dialogue towards resolving issues , this meeting in no manner be construed as  an open offer from dpc to renegotiate the terms of the contract . furthermore ,  the published terms report do not represent an acceptable basis for further  discussions ,  8 he added . sources said enron corp chairman kenneth lay is likely  to meet former chief minister sharad pawar to find an acceptable solution  for the ongoing crisis before the may 11 meet . mr lay told the foreign news  agency on wednesday that the enron corp has no immediate plans to sell its  stake in the troubled $ 2 . 9 - billion dabhol power project in western india .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  afternoon , may 4 , 2001  houston team to meet godbole  the enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) yesterday said it had agreed to  meet the godbole committee "" as a matter of courtesy "" and this should "" in no  manner be construed as an open offer from dpc to renegotiate the terms of the  contract . "" in a statement issued last night , the us energy major made it  clear that the purpose of the meeting with the nine member renegotiating  committee was "" to hear out the panel and understand their thoughts , and not  present any proposals . ""  furthermore , the published terms of the godbole report did not represent any  acceptable basis for towards resolving issues .  earlier , state government sources said that a team of senior officials from  enron headquarters in houston is slated to attend the first godbole  renegotiations committee meeting , now to be held on may 11 . the panel  deferred its meeting from may 5 as in a formal communication , dpc requested  the state government for a suitable date other than the stipulated one , they  said . however , the multinational is yet to send a list of its nominees , who  are due to arrive next week , they said .  meanwhile , the centre is likely to appoint solicitor general harish salve as  its representative on the high - power committee to renegotiate the power  purchase agreement ( ppa ) signed between dpc and maharashtra state electricity  board . other members of the godbole committee are hdfc chairman deepak  parekh , teri director r . k . pachauri , former union energy secretary e . a . s .  sarma , kirit parikh of indira gandhi institute of developmental research ,  maharashtra energy secretary v . m . lal , state finance secretary s . k . srivastav  and mseb chairman vinay bansal .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  business standard , friday , may 04 , 2001  salve may represent centre on enron talks panel  solicitor general harish salve is likely to be named the centre  , s  representative on the high - power committee appointed by the maharashtra  government to renegotiate the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) with the us  energy giant enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) . according to highly  placed government sources , salve  , s name has been cleared by both ministries  of finance and power .  the maharashtra government has appointed a negotiating committee headed by  former bureaucrat madhav godbole to renegotiate the estranged ppa signed by  the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) and dpc . enron had made  opening of talks with maharashtra conditional on the presence of a centre  , s  representative on the negotiating committee . salve would meet secretaries in  the ministries of finance , power and law to firm up the centre  , s stand on the  crisis arising out of payment defaults by mseb , sources said adding that  petroleum secretary is also likely to be included in the panel .  sources said enron appeared to be keen on solving the present impasse through  negotiations judging from corporation chairman kenneth lay  , s statement  yesterday in houston that the company had no plans to sell its stake in the  $ 2 . 9 billion dabhol project . the government is likely to make a formal  announcement of salve  , s appointment on the negotiating committee by the  weekend , sources said . the negotiating committee would suggest solutions to  bring down the exorbitant power tariffs , separating of the liquefied natural  gas ( lng ) facility , restructuring of dpc and allowing sale of excess power  through central utilities , mainly the national thermal power corporation  ( ntpc ) , sources said . the dpc board had late last month authorised the local  manager in india to issue termination notice to mseb following a bitter  payment controversy . dpc has already slapped one conciliation notice on the  centre and three arbitration notices on the state government over non - payment  of dues .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india , friday , may 04 , 2001  salve may represent centre on enron talk panel  solicitor general harish salve is likely to be named the centre ' s  representative on the high - power committee appointed by the maharashtra  government to renegotiate the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) with us energy  giant enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) . according to highly placed  government sources , salve ' s name had been cleared by both ministries of  finance and power . the maharashtra government has appointed a negotiating  committee headed by former bureaucrat madhav godbole to renegotiate the  estranged ppa signed by maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) and dpc .  enron had made opening of talks with maharashtra conditional on the presence  of centre ' s representative on the negotiating committee . salve would meet  secretaries in the ministries of finance , power and law to firm up centre ' s  stand on the crisis arising out of payment defaults by mseb , sources said ,  adding petroleum secretary is also likely to be included in the panel .  sources said that enron appeared to be keen on solving the present impasse  through negotiations judging from corporation chairman kenneth lay ' s  statement on wednesday in houston that the company had no plans to sell its  stake in the $ 2 . 9 billion dabhol project . ( pti )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the pioneer , friday , may 04 , 2001 ,  enron talks : salve may be govt man  solicitor general harish salve is likely to be named as centre ' s  representative on the high - power committee appointed by the maharashtra  government to renegotiate the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) with us energy  major enron - promoted dabhol power company . according to sources , mr salve ' s  name has been cleared by the ministries of finance and power . the maharashtra  government recently appointed a committee headed by former bureaucrat madhav  godbole to renegotiate the  ppa signed by the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) and dpc .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mid day , friday 4 may 2001  enron ' s rates too high : mseb  the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) is planning to convey to the  dabhol power company ( dpc ) , a subisidiary of us energy giant enron , its  inability to pay increased fixed charges at the rate of rs 500 crore a month  from next year . mseb officials said that dpc would be informed about this  during re - negotiation of the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) . as per ppa ,  the increased rate will come into effect from january , 2002 following  completion of dpc ' s 1 , 444 mw second phase of the project in october this  year . the ppa also says that the fixed rate will have to be paid to the  company irrespective of the consumption of electricity .  at present mseb is paying fixed chages of rs 95 crore a month to dpc for  its first phase of the project , generating 740 mw power . ' ' we have been  raising this issue with dpc for last couple of months , highlighting that  this ( fixed charges from next year ) is not viable for us . even state chief  minister vilasrao deshmukh raised the issue in new delhi at a meeting  recently ' ' , the officials said . the board will continue to raise this issue  during the re - negotiation process with dpc . however , dpc officals are  keeping mum over the issue , adopting a ' wait and watch ' policy , they added .  under the second phase of the project , 722 mw power generating capacity will  be achieved by june and remaining 722 mw by october this year , the officials  said .",0,enron india newsdesk may th newsclips vince stinson news articles india appears dpc attend may meeting presenting proposals taking representatives lender side ge bechtel well lng supplier side also name thrown likely person represent center regards sandeep forwarded sandeep kohli enron development pm nikita varma nikita varma enron development enron development cc bcc sandeep kohli enron development subject enron india newsdesk may th newsclips economic times friday may http www economictimes com today infrol htm godbole panel suggestions unacceptable enron girish kuber article also appeared following newspaper business standard friday may godbole terms reference acceptable dpc hindustan times power purchase talks govt enron falls times india friday may http www timesofindia com today busi htm enron ready take part ppa talk nitin yeshwantrao financial express friday may http www financialexpress com fe ecol html dpc team appear godbole panel may article also appeared following newspapers mid day enron state govt meet next week hindu businessline friday may http www hindubusinessline com stories uy htm enron wants renegotiation meet rescheduled afternoon friday may http www afternoondc com houston team meet godbole business standard friday may salve may represent centre enron talks panel times india friday may http www timesofindia com today busi htm salve may represent centre enron talk panel pioneer friday may enron talks salve may govt man mid day friday may enron rates high mseb economic times friday may godbole panel suggestions unacceptable enron girish kuber hopes godbole committee would able renegotiate dabhol power project promoted us energy major enron may turn misplaced us energy major says godbole committee suggestions unacceptable response query et company said statement published terms godbole report represent acceptable basis discussions statement said would meeting committee next week matter courtesy since purpose meeting hear committee understand thoughts present proposals statement said according highly placed sources government company informed madhav godbole panel would meeting may earlier reports indicated discussions panel would take place may according sources enron would meeting panel representatives lenders shareholders godbole committee studied current power purchase agreement called cancellation present tariff structure renegotiation lng shipping contract removal dollar denomination far fixed charges tariff concerned debt restructuring formation committee renegotiate power purchase agreement suggestions seems may acceptable enron maharashtra government accepted report asked godbole committee renegotiate committee given month time renegotiate behalf state government dpc new ppa committee opined since lng facility mmpta far excess required plant mmpta mmpta take pay separated distinct facility whose capital costs reflected fuel charge take pay instead proportion fuel regassified power generation using entire allocated gas requires unusually high plf instead surplus gas sold players like petronet enron metgas important distribute cost entire capacity amount sold power plant says committee similarly suggested enron could lease harbour facilities common facility lng importers lng contract negotiated enron long term supplies said since lng market witnessed great changes particularly far prices concerned power company take advantage spot buys renegotiate contract accordingly times india friday may enron ready take part ppa talk nitin yeshwantrao enron management finally agreed participate discussion madhav godbole led negotiation committee set facilitate restructuring power purchase agreement ppa signed us power major state government officials dabhol power company dpc subsidiary enron alongwith team shareholders lenders arrive may talks nine member godbole panel though dpc spokesperson reluctant give confirmation key mantralaya official told times india team expressed willingness talks experts committee bid end imbroglio enron response viewed welcome development amicably resolve controversy raging last weeks board directors enron authorising india md k wade cline serve termination notice mseb state government part adopted confrontational position slapping rs crore rebate charge dpc defaulting power supply however sudden change heart enron management largely attributed stand taken local lenders led industrial development bank india idbi recently opposed move pull project contradiction stand taken foreign lenders dpc favour slamming brakes disbursement funds dpc congress led democratic front government publicly declared would impress upon enron management renegotiate ppa scrapping project would interest parties last week state government constituted nine member panel experts former bureaucrat madhav godbole godbole written dpc management inviting talks negotiate ppa may delayed response enron meeting rescheduled may issues would debated meeting include separation lng facility power plant renegotiating lng supply shipping agreements redefining dpc tariff convert two part tariff godbole panel bargain hard removal dollar denomination fixed charge component allow maharashtra government sell power third parties financial express friday may dpc team appear godbole panel may battery dabhol power company dpc officials foreign lenders appear madhav godbole renegotiations committee may matter courtesy presenting proposals simultaneously dpc made clear published terms godbole report represent acceptable basis discussions dpc team likely include officials enron corp bechtel general electric liquefied natural gas suppliers oman lng abu dhabi lng trustee bank abn amro proposed may meeting reliably learnt mantralaya sources said dpc earlier expressed inability appear godbole committee may fixed earlier account non arrival team houston parts world however company ultimately decided meet godbole committee may dpc spokesman jimmy mogal said confirm dpc invited meet recently formed negotiating committee matter courtesy agreed meet next week since purpose meeting hear committee understand thoughts present proposals constantly maintained open dialogue towards resolving issues meeting manner construed open offer dpc renegotiate terms contract furthermore published terms report represent acceptable basis discussions added sources said enron corp chairman kenneth lay likely meet former chief minister sharad pawar find acceptable solution ongoing crisis may meet mr lay told foreign news agency wednesday enron corp immediate plans sell stake troubled billion dabhol power project western india afternoon may houston team meet godbole enron promoted dabhol power company dpc yesterday said agreed meet godbole committee matter courtesy manner construed open offer dpc renegotiate terms contract statement issued last night us energy major made clear purpose meeting nine member renegotiating committee hear panel understand thoughts present proposals furthermore published terms godbole report represent acceptable basis towards resolving issues earlier state government sources said team senior officials enron headquarters houston slated attend first godbole renegotiations committee meeting held may panel deferred meeting may formal communication dpc requested state government suitable date stipulated one said however multinational yet send list nominees due arrive next week said meanwhile centre likely appoint solicitor general harish salve representative high power committee renegotiate power purchase agreement ppa signed dpc maharashtra state electricity board members godbole committee hdfc chairman deepak parekh teri director r k pachauri former union energy secretary e sarma kirit parikh indira gandhi institute developmental research maharashtra energy secretary v lal state finance secretary k srivastav mseb chairman vinay bansal business standard friday may salve may represent centre enron talks panel solicitor general harish salve likely named centre representative high power committee appointed maharashtra government renegotiate power purchase agreement ppa us energy giant enron promoted dabhol power company dpc according highly placed government sources salve name cleared ministries finance power maharashtra government appointed negotiating committee headed former bureaucrat madhav godbole renegotiate estranged ppa signed maharashtra state electricity board mseb dpc enron made opening talks maharashtra conditional presence centre representative negotiating committee salve would meet secretaries ministries finance power law firm centre stand crisis arising payment defaults mseb sources said adding petroleum secretary also likely included panel sources said enron appeared keen solving present impasse negotiations judging corporation chairman kenneth lay statement yesterday houston company plans sell stake billion dabhol project government likely make formal announcement salve appointment negotiating committee weekend sources said negotiating committee would suggest solutions bring exorbitant power tariffs separating liquefied natural gas lng facility restructuring dpc allowing sale excess power central utilities mainly national thermal power corporation ntpc sources said dpc board late last month authorised local manager india issue termination notice mseb following bitter payment controversy dpc already slapped one conciliation notice centre three arbitration notices state government non payment dues times india friday may salve may represent centre enron talk panel solicitor general harish salve likely named centre representative high power committee appointed maharashtra government renegotiate power purchase agreement ppa us energy giant enron promoted dabhol power company dpc according highly placed government sources salve name cleared ministries finance power maharashtra government appointed negotiating committee headed former bureaucrat madhav godbole renegotiate estranged ppa signed maharashtra state electricity board mseb dpc enron made opening talks maharashtra conditional presence centre representative negotiating committee salve would meet secretaries ministries finance power law firm centre stand crisis arising payment defaults mseb sources said adding petroleum secretary also likely included panel sources said enron appeared keen solving present impasse negotiations judging corporation chairman kenneth lay statement wednesday houston company plans sell stake billion dabhol project pti pioneer friday may enron talks salve may govt man solicitor general harish salve likely named centre representative high power committee appointed maharashtra government renegotiate power purchase agreement ppa us energy major enron promoted dabhol power company according sources mr salve name cleared ministries finance power maharashtra government recently appointed committee headed former bureaucrat madhav godbole renegotiate ppa signed maharashtra state electricity board mseb dpc mid day friday may enron rates high mseb maharashtra state electricity board mseb planning convey dabhol power company dpc subisidiary us energy giant enron inability pay increased fixed charges rate rs crore month next year mseb officials said dpc would informed negotiation power purchase agreement ppa per ppa increased rate come effect january following completion dpc mw second phase project october year ppa also says fixed rate paid company irrespective consumption electricity present mseb paying fixed chages rs crore month dpc first phase project generating mw power raising issue dpc last couple months highlighting fixed charges next year viable us even state chief minister vilasrao deshmukh raised issue new delhi meeting recently officials said board continue raise issue negotiation process dpc however dpc officals keeping mum issue adopting wait watch policy added second phase project mw power generating capacity achieved june remaining mw october year officials said
Subject: continental phone #  1 - 800 - 621 - 7467 or ? cust . serv . 1 - 800 - 932 - 2732,0,continental phone cust serv
"Subject: electricity conference update  here it is ! . . . . apex 2000 conference news no . 2  ( http : / / www . apex 2000 conf . com / update 2 . html ) . updates on current speaker and  presentation list , details for the partner program and social activities and  your apex 2000 conference registration form  if you do not have website access and would like to receive a pdf formatted  update please email us at apex 2000 @ incentre . net  ( mailto : apex 2000 @ incentre . net ) .  all inquiries and requests should be directed to the apex 2000 conference  office at apex 2000 @ incentre . net ( mailto : apex 2000 @ incentre . net ) or ( 403 )  244 - 4487 .  kathleen cheney  apex 2000 conference coordinator  list 7",0,electricity conference update apex conference news http www apex conf com update html updates current speaker presentation list details partner program social activities apex conference registration form website access would like receive pdf formatted update please email us apex incentre net mailto apex incentre net inquiries requests directed apex conference office apex incentre net mailto apex incentre net kathleen cheney apex conference coordinator list
"Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender  this message was created automatically by mail delivery software .  a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its  recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed :  twistersoffice @ qwest . net  ( generated from info @ twisterburritos . com )  smtp error from remote mailer after end of data :  host mpls - cmx - 07 . inet . qwest . net [ 63 . 226 . 138 . 7 ] :  554 mail server permanently rejected message ( # 5 . 3 . 0 )  - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - -  return - path :  received : from [ 217 . 96 . 160 . 142 ] ( helo = mailwisconsin . com )  by serverl 050 . gisol . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 50 )  id ldupmn - 0000 kc - jt  for info @ twisterburritos . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 57 : 18 - 0700  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24817159 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ twisterburritos . com  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !",1,mail delivery failed returning message sender message created automatically mail delivery software message sent could delivered one recipients permanent error following address es failed twistersoffice qwest net generated info twisterburritos com smtp error remote mailer end data host mpls cmx inet qwest net mail server permanently rejected message copy message including headers return path received helo mailwisconsin com serverl gisol com smtp exim id ldupmn kc jt info twisterburritos com tue jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo info twisterburritos com user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivable
"Subject: draft from the editor with questions . i ' ll call  mark ,  this is the latest draft ( fri afternoon ) , of the paper by john martin  from baylor . please , review the draft from the point of view of our pr  policy . i shall read it as well .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001  02 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" john d . martin "" on 02 / 02 / 2001 10 : 59 : 11 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : draft from the editor with questions . i ' ll call  vince ,  attached is the editor ' s latest edits on my draft . there are a couple of  things i ' d like to discuss with you and will call right after lunch .  john  - 134 martin 2 . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,draft editor questions call mark latest draft fri afternoon paper john martin baylor please review draft point view pr policy shall read well vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm john martin vkamins enron com cc subject draft editor questions call vince attached editor latest edits draft couple things like discuss call right lunch john martin doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : next visit to houston  yes and so would the northeast trader john suarez  vince j kaminski  06 / 29 / 2000 04 : 07 pm  to : george hopley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : next visit to houston  george ,  would you like to take a like at the service ( see below ) .  the meeting is on july 12 at 2 : 30 ( 19 th floor ) .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000  04 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" edward krapels "" on 06 / 29 / 2000 03 : 53 : 40 pm  please respond to  to : "" ' vince j kaminski ' ""  cc : "" jeffrey shorter \ ( e - mail \ ) ""  subject : re : next visit to houston  vince ,  good to hear from you and i ' m glad you ' re available . how is wednesday at  2 : 30 ?  i did look at eol and am not surprised to see its quality . i was unable to  say much about it in my risk electricity hedging and trading report because  of deadline pressures . how is the site doing ? i am intrigued by the  competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that goldman ,  morgan , bp and shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours . talk  about a shotgun marriage !  if we have time next week , i could step you through our website - -  www . weathereffects . com . i ' m very proud of what we ' ve done . i can ' t give out  a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the  phone using my password . it ' s a very ambitious site - - with state - of - the - art  wsi weather ( seasonal , 6 - 10 , and day to day ) driving a good load model for  pjm and nepool . esai contributes oil and gas input price forecasts , capacity  judgments , and "" herding "" ideas to develop power price forecasts for same  time periods . after one month ' s full - bore effort , i ' m pleased with the  results ( e . g . , we forecast nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .  have a great weekend .  ed  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , june 28 , 2000 5 : 29 pm  to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com  cc : vince j kaminski ; shirley crenshaw  subject : re : next visit to houston  ed ,  i shall be available on both days . what about wednesday ,  july 12 , between 1 : 30 and 4 : 00 . please , let me know  what time would work for you .  it will be nice to see you again .  vince  p . s . by the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the eol ?  "" edward krapels "" on 06 / 28 / 2000 02 : 49 : 41 pm  please respond to ekrapels @ esaibos . com  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : next visit to houston  dear vince ,  i will be returning to houston during the week of july 10 .  esai and weather services international have launched - - after more than 18  months of r & d - - our service , called energycast power trader and energycast  gas trader , for power traders in nepool and pjm . i would be happy to review  the service with you as well as take you on a tour of our web site . are you  available on july 12 - 13 ?  sincerely ,  ed krapels",0,next visit houston yes would northeast trader john suarez vince j kaminski pm george hopley hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject next visit houston george would like take like service see meeting july th floor vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm edward krapels pm please respond vince j kaminski cc jeffrey shorter e mail subject next visit houston vince good hear glad available wednesday look eol surprised see quality unable say much risk electricity hedging trading report deadline pressures site intrigued competition trading platforms astonished hear goldman morgan bp shell going launch site compete talk shotgun marriage time next week could step website www weathereffects com proud done give password yet would happy walk site phone using password ambitious site state art wsi weather seasonal day day driving good load model pjm nepool esai contributes oil gas input price forecasts capacity judgments herding ideas develop power price forecasts time periods one month full bore effort pleased results e g forecast nepool onpeak turned great weekend ed original message vince j kaminski mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday june pm ekrapels esaibos com cc vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw subject next visit houston ed shall available days wednesday july please let know time would work nice see vince p way chance take look eol edward krapels pm please respond ekrapels esaibos com vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject next visit houston dear vince returning houston week july esai weather services international launched months r service called energycast power trader energycast gas trader power traders nepool pjm would happy review service well take tour web site available july sincerely ed krapels
"Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details  the original message was received at tue , 12 jul 2005 12 : 09 : 30 + 0200  from antonio . urjc . es [ 193 . 147 . 184 . 24 ]  - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - -  ana . elvira @ urjc . es  ( reason : deferred )  ( expanded from : )  - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - -  maildrop : error writing to mailbox .  ana . elvira @ urjc . es . . . deferred : local mailer ( / usr / sbin / sensible - mda ) exited with ex _ tempfail  message could not be delivered for 5 days  message will be deleted from queue",1,returned mail see transcript details original message received tue jul antonio urjc es following addresses permanent fatal errors ana elvira urjc es reason deferred expanded transcript session follows maildrop error writing mailbox ana elvira urjc es deferred local mailer usr sbin sensible mda exited ex tempfail message could delivered days message deleted queue
"Subject: i was on your xango web site  hello xango distributor ,  my name is jonathan roberts and i represent peak impact lead generation  systems . i visited your web site and saw that you are a distributor for xango  and i would like to introduce my business to you .  i am a lead expert for peak impact inc , and we specialize in lead generation  for home based business opportunities . we generate real time national , local  area code , and gender based leads . we also specialize in custom marketing  campaigns as well . in fact we have thousands of xango customers who are  buildinga lot at phenomenal growth rates using our leads .  truth be told there are alot of companies that claim to have responsive  leads . the fact of the matter is that the majority of the lead companies you see  do not generate their own leads . they are resellers that resell the same call  list up to six times or more . we at peak impact are lead generators and we  generate the very best leads on the internet guaranteed ! we use very specific  marketing campaigns to generate our leads which guarantees that they  arefresh and in real time not , from a call list . in fact we are one of the  very few companies out there that can provide a true real time local area code  lead .  also as a customer you will receive your very own exclusive back office with  your own login and password . no other lead company has this system . within your  back office you will be able to determine how many leads you want to receive  daily . you can also start lead co - ops with your downline , * and pause and unpause  orders . * ( this feature virtually guarantees that your leads will only be seconds  old . ) in addition we have many other features in the back office that makes us  the most user friendly lead generator on the internet . so if your ready to order  go towww . rocketleads . com . there  you will find pricing information and testimonials .  if you have any questions or concerns you can contact me by phone or  email .  your certified lead expert , jonathan robertswww . rocketleads . coml - 888 - 41 - leads ( 888 - 415 - 3237 ) ext . 703  ( 9 - 5 : 30 pm est . ) 1 - 800 - 663 - 0311 ( 24 hours ) jon @ peakimpact . com",1,xango web site hello xango distributor name jonathan roberts represent peak impact lead generation systems visited web site saw distributor xango would like introduce business lead expert peak impact inc specialize lead generation home based business opportunities generate real time national local area code gender based leads also specialize custom marketing campaigns well fact thousands xango customers buildinga lot phenomenal growth rates using leads truth told alot companies claim responsive leads fact matter majority lead companies see generate leads resellers resell call list six times peak impact lead generators generate best leads internet guaranteed use specific marketing campaigns generate leads guarantees arefresh real time call list fact one companies provide true real time local area code lead also customer receive exclusive back office login password lead company system within back office able determine many leads want receive daily also start lead co ops downline pause unpause orders feature virtually guarantees leads seconds old addition many features back office makes us user friendly lead generator internet ready order go towww rocketleads com find pricing information testimonials questions concerns contact phone email certified lead expert jonathan robertswww rocketleads coml leads ext pm est hours jon peakimpact com
"Subject: confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge  u . - urgent  the attached file contains the tentative program for two back - to - back real  options conferences ( a professional one for july 5 - 6 , and the standard  annual academic one for july 7 - 8 ) at cambridge u .  your name has been provisionally included on the program . please check all  the information relating to you and confirm your participation as listed  ( or advice us of desired changes immediately ) .  thank you .  lenos  - 4 thconfsessions . doc  lenos trigeorgis  professor of finance  university of cyprus  dept of business  75 kallipoleos , po box 20537  cy 1678 nicosia cyprus  tel : + 357 2 892261  fax : 339063",0,confirm participation real options conference cambridge u urgent attached file contains tentative program two back back real options conferences professional one july standard annual academic one july cambridge u name provisionally included program please check information relating confirm participation listed advice us desired changes immediately thank lenos thconfsessions doc lenos trigeorgis professor finance university cyprus dept business kallipoleos po box cy nicosia cyprus tel fax
Subject: request submitted : access request for amitava . dhar @ enron . com  you have received this email because the requester specified you as their  manager . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000011185  request create date : 12 / 21 / 00 4 : 20 : 10 pm  requested for : amitava . dhar @ enron . com  resource name : unlisted application / software  resource type : applications,0,request submitted access request amitava dhar enron com received email requester specified manager please click approval review act upon request request id request create date pm requested amitava dhar enron com resource name unlisted application software resource type applications
"Subject: re : transport model  ken and greg ,  the gamma and cross gamma from our spread option appear to be correct .  one anomaly i found is the price change as function of maturity , see attached  figure .  it is odd , isn ' t it ? and the seeming gamma anomaly is largely because of  this .  zimin  enron north america corp .  from : kenneth shulklapper 08 / 07 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : transport model  zimin ,  i have been looking at the new transport model and there are some returns in  the greek calculations that i am not comfortable with . i have looked through  the formulas and do not see inconsistencies , but we are getting significantly  higher gamma values in ' out years ' than in the ' near months / years ' . rho also  seems to be very high throughout the curve . we are prepared to release this  model to be used on the floor , but would like you to sign off on the  calculations . i know that you have a meeting on this on wednesday , and  wanted to get you the model to review early .  a good example that i am talking about is on the tab "" longterm 9 "" . this is  the kingsgate to malin deal that we worked on previously .  please give me ( or greg couch ) a call with any questions .  thanks .  ken  3 - 7009  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth shulklapper / hou / ect on 08 / 07 / 2000  10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : victor guggenheim 08 / 07 / 2000 10 : 54 am  to : kenneth shulklapper / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : transport model",0,transport model ken greg gamma cross gamma spread option appear correct one anomaly found price change function maturity see attached figure odd seeming gamma anomaly largely zimin enron north america corp kenneth shulklapper zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject transport model zimin looking new transport model returns greek calculations comfortable looked formulas see inconsistencies getting significantly higher gamma values years near months years rho also seems high throughout curve prepared release model used floor would like sign calculations know meeting wednesday wanted get model review early good example talking tab longterm kingsgate malin deal worked previously please give greg couch call questions thanks ken forwarded kenneth shulklapper hou ect enron north america corp victor guggenheim kenneth shulklapper hou ect ect cc subject transport model
"Subject: re : abstract  thanks  vince . this is good but i also need a title . it would be good if you can as  part of the talk present an example of a technical problem addressed by your  group describing the problem and the general methodology employed or  developed . you can also start with an introduction about your organization  and the program .  shmuel  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc : ;  sent : monday , october 02 , 2000 6 : 44 am  subject : abstract  > shmuel ,  >  > this is the abstract for my presentation on the 23 rd of october .  > i am in london and paris this week . i can be reached at my  > private e - mail address vkaminski @ aol . com .  >  > please , feel free to suggest modifications to the abstract .  >  >  >  > vince  >  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > > the last three years were characterized by exceptionally high volatility  > of  > > the power prices in the us markets . the market developments have created  > a  > > number of unique challenges for energy industry economists . one  immediate  > > question we have to answer is how to measure volatility of energy  prices .  > > although we can all agree that the prices in the power markets are  > > characterized by high variability , the traditional measures used in  > financial  > > economics ( annualized standard deviation of log price returns ) may not  > fit  > > well electricity prices . the second challenge is to explain the sources  > of  > > high price volatility and to answer the question to what extent it can  be  > > attributed to problems that can be addressed in the long run . such  > problems  > > include flaws in market design that allow some market participants to  > abuse  > > market power , limited availability and / or unequal access to  transmission ,  > > temporary shortages of generation capacity . some factors underlying high  > > volatility of electricity prices may be of permanent nature and may be a  > > necessary price to pay for increased market efficiency and expanded  > customer  > > choice .  >  >",0,abstract thanks vince good also need title would good part talk present example technical problem addressed group describing problem general methodology employed developed also start introduction organization program shmuel shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message cc sent monday october subject abstract shmuel abstract presentation rd october london paris week reached private e mail address vkaminski aol com please feel free suggest modifications abstract vince last three years characterized exceptionally high volatility power prices us markets market developments created number unique challenges energy industry economists one immediate question answer measure volatility energy prices although agree prices power markets characterized high variability traditional measures used financial economics annualized standard deviation log price returns may fit well electricity prices second challenge explain sources high price volatility answer question extent attributed problems addressed long run problems include flaws market design allow market participants abuse market power limited availability unequal access transmission temporary shortages generation capacity factors underlying high volatility electricity prices may permanent nature may necessary price pay increased market efficiency expanded customer choice
"Subject: re : spring 2001 schematic  kathy ,  what is embanet ? do i have access from the outside ?  vince kaminski  kathy spradling on 01 / 11 / 2001 11 : 01 : 48 am  to : ( recipient list suppressed )  cc : cmiller @ rice . edu , castro @ rice . edu , spradlin @ rice . edu  subject : spring 2001 schematic  spring 2001 faculty ,  the spring 2001 schematic has been posted to embanet . to access the  schematic please open the jgsm area icon on the embanet desktop . next  please open the announcement jgsm icon . you will find the spring 2001  schematic located under the subject column . please open the document . if  you do not have access to embanet you will need to speak with david kilgore  at kilgore @ rice . edu or by calling david at 713 - 348 - 5378 .  thanks ,  kathy  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0,spring schematic kathy embanet access outside vince kaminski kathy spradling recipient list suppressed cc cmiller rice edu castro rice edu spradlin rice edu subject spring schematic spring faculty spring schematic posted embanet access schematic please open jgsm area icon embanet desktop next please open announcement jgsm icon find spring schematic located subject column please open document access embanet need speak david kilgore kilgore rice edu calling david thanks kathy kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs
"Subject: class speaker  vince ,  as a reminder , i am hoping that you can identify a speaker for my  class at ut on real options ( perhaps you ! ) . i look forward to hearing from  you .  jim  james s . dyer  fondren centennial chair in business  department of management science and information systems  cba 5 . 202  the university of texas at austin  austin , texas 78712 - 1175  email : j . dyer @ bus . utexas . edu  telephone : 512 - 471 - 5278  fax : 512 - 471 - 0587",0,class speaker vince reminder hoping identify speaker class ut real options perhaps look forward hearing jim james dyer fondren centennial chair business department management science information systems cba university texas austin austin texas email j dyer bus utexas edu telephone fax
"Subject: re : installation of new programs  i gave you local admin rights on your laptop yesterday . what you have to do is to log into the laptop using the local  machine account . the id and the password is the same as your corp login now . the password on the local account will  never change . if you have a minute today i will show you how . let me know a time .  phillip randle  desktop support specialist x 39665  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 5 : 17 pm  to : randle , phillip c .  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : installation of new programs  phillip ,  how can i install new programs on my laptop , without  the administrator ' s privileges ?  one example : when i travel i use aol to get access to my mail  and to communicate with the office . windows 2000 does not allow  me to install it .  also , i have my private statistical software  i often use when i work at night during business trips .  i would like to load it as well .  vince",0,installation new programs gave local admin rights laptop yesterday log laptop using local machine account id password corp login password local account never change minute today show let know time phillip randle desktop support specialist x original message kaminski vince sent tuesday may pm randle phillip c cc kaminski vince subject installation new programs phillip install new programs laptop without administrator privileges one example travel use aol get access mail communicate office windows allow install also private statistical software often use work night business trips would like load well vince
"Subject: japan candidate  vince ,  i spoke with whalley at the sa offsite and he mentioned that had ( or knew of )  a person that could bring some talent to the evaluation of an enron merchant  business in japan . i am in sydney today , but will be in tokyo next week . i  would like to speak more about this . what time might you be available ? my  japan mobile number is 81 90 4073 6761 .  regards ,  joe",0,japan candidate vince spoke whalley sa offsite mentioned knew person could bring talent evaluation enron merchant business japan sydney today tokyo next week would like speak time might available japan mobile number regards joe
"Subject: re : eprm article  julie / vince  ?  i worked on both the last couple of nights and made quite a few small  "" improvements "" .  ?  vince - if the 2 nd article ( eprm _ 02 _ mr . doc ) is ok with you then that is  ready .  ?  the 3 rd article needs fig 1 updating still will hopefully do that this w / e .  ?  les .  ?  - eprm _ 02 _ 03 . zip",0,eprm article julie vince worked last couple nights made quite small improvements vince nd article eprm mr doc ok ready rd article needs fig updating still hopefully w e les eprm zip
"Subject: feeling great is not a luxury !  do you feel the strength ?  buddy , deal with your problems  supplies are limited ! http : / / buyonlinrmeds . com / ? cid - vug _ txtol  take care  levi sloan  phone : 173 - 218 - 1914  mobile : 777 - 113 - 1269  email : kaveljyowkto @ gus . net  e . n . 0 ^ u . g * h http : / / buyonlinrmeds . com / emover . php",1,feeling great luxury feel strength buddy deal problems supplies limited http buyonlinrmeds com cid vug txtol take care levi sloan phone mobile email kaveljyowkto gus net e n u g h http buyonlinrmeds com emover php
"Subject: re : mgmt 656 ( rice university )  this list is just a basic excel document with names , id ' s and e - mail  addresses . - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  at 03 : 36 pm 1 / 17 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  > pam ,  >  > thanks . the list of e - mail addresses would be useful as well .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > pamela vande krol castro on 01 / 17 / 2001 03 : 05 : 01 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : mgmt 656 ( rice university )  >  >  > here are your rosters for mgmt 656 . let me know if you need a list of  > e - mail addresses as well . i will update you as student schedules change .  > - pam  > ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  > ( see attached file : 656 . doc )  >  >  - 656 . xls",0,mgmt rice university list basic excel document names id e mail addresses pam pm wrote pam thanks list e mail addresses would useful well vince pamela vande krol castro pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject mgmt rice university rosters mgmt let know need list e mail addresses well update student schedules change pam see attached file doc xls
"Subject: please kindly assist  greetings ,  i am prince fayad w . bolkiah , the eldest son of prince jefri bolkiah , former finance minister of brunei , the tiny oil - rich sultanate on the northern coast of the island of borneo , in eastern asia . i will save your time by not amplifying my extended royal family history , which has already been disseminated by the international media during the controversial dispute that erupted between my father and his step brother , the sultan of brunei sheik muda hassanal bolkiah .  as you may know from the international media , the sultan had accused my father of financial mismanagement and impropriety of us $ 14 . 8 billion dollars . this was as a result of the asian financial crisis that made my father company amedeo development company and government owned brunei investment company to be declared bankrupt during his tenure in office . however my father was kept under house arrest , his bank accounts and private properties including a crude oil export refinery were later confiscated by the sultanate .  furthermore , during this unfortunate period i was advised to evacuate my immediate family outside the sultanate to avoid further prosecution from the sultan and his security operatives , but before i could do that i was placed under house arrest by the sultan and i have no access to a phone but i have a palm v hand - held computer from which i am sending you this mail . before my incaceration , i went ahead to dispatch the sum of fifty eight million five hundred thousand united states dollars us $ 58 . 5 million in cash under special arrangement into the custody of a private security and trustee company for safe keeping abroad .  hence i seek your good assistance to invest these funds into profitable investment in your country to facilitate future survival for my family abroad . i have decided to offer 10 % of these funds to you as compensation for your strong cooperation .  please i count on your absolute confidentiality , transparency and trust while looking forward to your prompt reply towards a swift conclusion of this business transaction .  i remain yours sincerely .  prince fayad . w . bolkiah  brunei darussalam .",1,please kindly assist greetings prince fayad w bolkiah eldest son prince jefri bolkiah former finance minister brunei tiny oil rich sultanate northern coast island borneo eastern asia save time amplifying extended royal family history already disseminated international media controversial dispute erupted father step brother sultan brunei sheik muda hassanal bolkiah may know international media sultan accused father financial mismanagement impropriety us billion dollars result asian financial crisis made father company amedeo development company government owned brunei investment company declared bankrupt tenure office however father kept house arrest bank accounts private properties including crude oil export refinery later confiscated sultanate furthermore unfortunate period advised evacuate immediate family outside sultanate avoid prosecution sultan security operatives could placed house arrest sultan access phone palm v hand held computer sending mail incaceration went ahead dispatch sum fifty eight million five hundred thousand united states dollars us million cash special arrangement custody private security trustee company safe keeping abroad hence seek good assistance invest funds profitable investment country facilitate future survival family abroad decided offer funds compensation strong cooperation please count absolute confidentiality transparency trust looking forward prompt reply towards swift conclusion business transaction remain sincerely prince fayad w bolkiah brunei darussalam
"Subject: department presentation , friday 7 th july , 8 : 45 am  the fame of the research department is spreading all over europe !  best regards ,  martina  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by martina angelova / lon / ect on 05 / 07 / 2000  15 : 29 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron information technology  from : enron europe general announcement 05 / 07 / 2000  15 : 27  please respond to european t & d / lon / ect  to : ect frankfurt , ect helsinki , ect london , ect madrid , ect oslo , ect  teesside , ect warsaw  cc :  subject : department presentation , friday 7 th july , 8 : 45 am  maureen raymond - casta  eda ,  senior international economist , research department , houston  will be presenting  approach to country risk  friday 7 th july  8 : 45 am - breakfast and questions to ms . raymond - casta  eda  9 : 00 am - presentation will start  enron house , fifth floor , auditorium  it is not necessary that you book a place , however if you have any questions  please contact european t & d .",0,department presentation friday th july fame research department spreading europe best regards martina forwarded martina angelova lon ect enron information technology enron europe general announcement please respond european lon ect ect frankfurt ect helsinki ect london ect madrid ect oslo ect teesside ect warsaw cc subject department presentation friday th july maureen raymond casta eda senior international economist research department houston presenting approach country risk friday th july breakfast questions ms raymond casta eda presentation start enron house fifth floor auditorium necessary book place however questions please contact european
"Subject: buy viagra online ! it ' s your best way to buy your medication .  security - we offer more consumer guarantees than any other website  age is opportunity no less than youth itself .  i do begin to have bloody thoughts .  forgive your enemies , but never forget their names .",1,buy viagra online best way buy medication security offer consumer guarantees website age opportunity less youth begin bloody thoughts forgive enemies never forget names
"Subject: about your application  we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate .  i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved .  here are the results :  * account id : [ 837 - 937 ]  * negotiable amount : $ 155 , 952 to $ 644 , 536  * rate : 3 . 81 % - 5 . 21 %  please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible .  regards ,  eli starks  senior account manager  amston lenders , llc .  database deletion :  http : / / www . refin - xnd . net / r . php ",1,application tried contact last week refinancing home lower rate would like inform know pre approved results account id negotiable amount rate please fill quick form broker contact soon possible regards eli starks senior account manager amston lenders llc database deletion http www refin xnd net r php
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq toois  wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front end logo visuai identity loqodentity offers creative custom design logos stationery web sites careful hand powerfui marketinq toois wiii bring breath fresh air business make stand among competitors ciick away future success click see sampies artwork check prices hot offers
"Subject: harvest lots of e - mail addresses quickly !  dear cpunks ,  want  to harvest a lot of email addresses in a very short time ?  easy email  searcher is  a powerful email software that  harvests general email lists from mail servers easy email searcher can get 100 , 000 email addresses directly from the email  servers in only one hour !  easy email  searcher is a 32 bit windows program for e - mail marketing . it  is intended for easy and convenient search large e - mail address lists  from mail servers . the program can be operated on windows 95 / 98 / me / 2000  and nt .  easy email  searcher support multi - threads ( up to 512  connections ) .  easy email  searcher has the ability to reconnect to the mail  server if the server has disconnected and continue the searching at the  point where it has been interrupted .  easy email  searcher has an ergonomic interface that is easy to set up  and simple to use .  ? ? easy email searcher is an email  address searcher and bulk e - mail sender . it can verify more than 5500  email addresses per minute at only 56 kbps speed . it even allows you send  email to valid email address while searching . you can save the searching  progress and load it to resume work at your convenience . all you need to  do is just input an email address , and press the "" search ""  button .  very  low price ! - - - - - - - now , the full version of easy email  searcher only costs $  39 . 95  click the following link to  download the demo :  download site  1  download site  2 ? ? if you can not download this program , please  copy the following link into your url , and then click "" enter "" on your  computer keyboard .  here is the  download links :  disclaimer : we are strongly against continuously sending  unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special  mailings . we have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to  overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited  email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click this  link mailto : removal @ btamail . net . cn  . this message is a commercial advertisement . it is compliant  with all federal and state laws regarding email messages including the  california business and professions code . we have provided the subject  line "" adv "" to provide you notification that this is a commercial  advertisement for persons over 18 yrs old .  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,harvest lots e mail addresses quickly dear cpunks want harvest lot email addresses short time easy email searcher powerful email software harvests general email lists mail servers easy email searcher get email addresses directly email servers one hour easy email searcher bit windows program e mail marketing intended easy convenient search large e mail address lists mail servers program operated windows nt easy email searcher support multi threads connections easy email searcher ability reconnect mail server server disconnected continue searching point interrupted easy email searcher ergonomic interface easy set simple use easy email searcher email address searcher bulk e mail sender verify email addresses per minute kbps speed even allows send email valid email address searching save searching progress load resume work convenience need input email address press search button low price full version easy email searcher costs click following link download demo download site download site download program please copy following link url click enter computer keyboard download links disclaimer strongly continuously sending unsolicited emails wish receive special mailings attained services independent rd party overlook list management removal services unsolicited email wish receive mailings please click link mailto removal btamail net cn message commercial advertisement compliant federal state laws regarding email messages including california business professions code provided subject line adv provide notification commercial advertisement persons yrs old sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: new frbny research : 5 / 3  please respond to michael . demottnow available at the new york fed ' s research site :  "" stocks in the household portfolio : a look back at the 1990 s , "" by tracy and schneider ( current issues 7 , no . 4 ) http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / rmaghome / curr _ iss / ci 7 - 4 . html  "" currency orders and exchange - rate dynamics : explaining the success of technical analysis , "" by osler ( staff report 125 ) http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / rmaghome / staff _ rp / 2001 / srl 25 . html  "" recent changes in the u . s . business cycle , "" by chauvet and potter ( staff report 126 ) http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / rmaghome / staff _ rp / 2001 / srl 26 . html  u . s . and global economies charts , updated every wednesday http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / rmaghome / dirchrts /  in addition , the foreign exchange committee ' s 2000 annual report is now available http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / fxc / ar 2000 / fxaro 0 . html  research home page http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / rmaghome  feel free to forward these messages . to unsubscribe , contact listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . in the e - mail , type : signoff frbnyrmagl . for more details : http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / rmaghome / subscribe / subscribe . html .  this notification service is provided to you free of charge . by subscribing to the service and providing your e - mail address , you agree to waive any claim against the federal reserve bank of new york for any messages that you may receive by reason of your subscription to this service and / or any resultant harm to you and / or your computer from receipt of such messages . the federal reserve bank of new york assumes no responsibility for any inaccuracies in any messages you may receive as a result of your subscription to this service .",0,new frbny research please respond michael demottnow available new york fed research site stocks household portfolio look back tracy schneider current issues http www newyorkfed org rmaghome curr iss ci html currency orders exchange rate dynamics explaining success technical analysis osler staff report http www newyorkfed org rmaghome staff rp srl html recent changes u business cycle chauvet potter staff report http www newyorkfed org rmaghome staff rp srl html u global economies charts updated every wednesday http www newyorkfed org rmaghome dirchrts addition foreign exchange committee annual report available http www newyorkfed org fxc ar fxaro html research home page http www newyorkfed org rmaghome feel free forward messages unsubscribe contact listserv peach ease lsoft com e mail type signoff frbnyrmagl details http www newyorkfed org rmaghome subscribe subscribe html notification service provided free charge subscribing service providing e mail address agree waive claim federal reserve bank new york messages may receive reason subscription service resultant harm computer receipt messages federal reserve bank new york assumes responsibility inaccuracies messages may receive result subscription service
"Subject: acceptance of offer  sir ,  i have decided to accept your offer of employment here at enron . please let  me know how i can help with the "" hiring - on "" process . may i ask what is the  effective hire date ? that information will help me when i switch over from  prostaff .  thank you for this wonderful opportunity !  sincerely ,  sam smith",0,acceptance offer sir decided accept offer employment enron please let know help hiring process may ask effective hire date information help switch prostaff thank wonderful opportunity sincerely sam smith
"Subject: re : statistica & lunch  rick ,  we are using sas .  i am glad you can speak at our lunch meeting  on feb 15 .  vince  richard b jones @ ees  02 / 05 / 2001 11 : 26 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : statistica & lunch  vince ,  do we have a site license for statistica ? what stat software do you use ?  i am prepared to talk at your lunch . i think we said thurs feb 15 th 11 : 30 -  1 : 00 . i would liie to have a computer display if possible . i ' ll bring my pc .  what ' s the room # again ?  rick jones",0,statistica lunch rick using sas glad speak lunch meeting feb vince richard b jones ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject statistica lunch vince site license statistica stat software use prepared talk lunch think said thurs feb th would liie computer display possible bring pc room rick jones
"Subject: more jcc  the historical context . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 12 / 20 / 2000  05 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin kindall  11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 29 am  to : russell dyk / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : jcc writeup  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 11 / 28 / 2000  09 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin kindall  09 / 28 / 2000 04 : 44 pm  to : james pyke / ap / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : jcc writeup  here are the results that i sent to marc de la rouche . the answers to both  questions below is "" yes . "" as mentioned earlier , i ' ll send the complete  analysis along with explanations tomorrow . incidentally , here is a list of  contacts regarding lng and jcc . its a bit dated , but may prove useful .  clay harris lng houston ( 713 ) 853 - 1631  brad hitch lng houston ( 713 ) 345 - 5140  marc de la roche global fuels houston ( 713 ) 853 - 3949  victor santos global fuels singapore ( 65 ) 838 - 9041  li yin lim global fuels singapore ( 65 ) 838 - 9029  vv rao lng singapore ( 65 ) 838 - 9043  - kevin kindall  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 09 / 28 / 2000  04 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : marc de la roche @ ect 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 50 pm  to : kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron  cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : jcc  that this email constitutes your groups ( vince kaminski ' s ) sign - off on using  this hedge ratio to hedge jcc and jcc - based products ?  thanks in advance ,  marc de la roche  kevin kindall @ enron  06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 18 pm  to : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect  cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : jcc & brent  good afternoon . i have performed a review of the jcc data that you sent  some time ago . the study was done using several different excel workbooks ,  and are available upon request . relevant charts are embedded in the  powerpoint attachment . questions / comments welcome .  - kevin kindall",0,jcc historical context forwarded kevin kindall corp enron pm kevin kindall russell dyk corp enron enron cc subject jcc writeup forwarded kevin kindall corp enron kevin kindall pm james pyke ap enron enron cc subject jcc writeup results sent marc de la rouche answers questions yes mentioned earlier send complete analysis along explanations tomorrow incidentally list contacts regarding lng jcc bit dated may prove useful clay harris lng houston brad hitch lng houston marc de la roche global fuels houston victor santos global fuels singapore li yin lim global fuels singapore vv rao lng singapore kevin kindall forwarded kevin kindall corp enron pm marc de la roche ect pm kevin kindall corp enron enron cc grant masson hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject jcc email constitutes groups vince kaminski sign using hedge ratio hedge jcc jcc based products thanks advance marc de la roche kevin kindall enron pm marc de la roche hou ect ect cc grant masson hou ect ect subject jcc brent good afternoon performed review jcc data sent time ago study done using several different excel workbooks available upon request relevant charts embedded powerpoint attachment questions comments welcome kevin kindall
"Subject: the reason to sh . op in our zone ? for sav . vings .  running short of tablet . supplies ? uncover hovv others s . ave on medicaments .  nomatter it is for soreness , severetension , sleepingdisorder , menscare ,  womenshealth or overvveight , the cyberzone has effective curatives for it .  the generic equivalents might be a better option for sho . ppers who vvant to  s . ave on medicaments . there is a great assortment of generics at our  medzone .  unveil fantastic . deals in our medzone .  in the orderstatus , there is the latest info . on the carriages and orders .  http : / / t . 2 k . valuecreatorforall . com / d 2 /  vov ! lead you to simple sav . vings .  n light enough , - conv really so , i should do just the same in her place .  if i loved a man ,  and tried to be cool and unconcerned . her distress returned ,  eyed her up stairs to her own room with all  speed ; and imm as she loves the admiral , i would always be with him ,  nothing should ever  ediately dispatc 1 hed ham peggott 7 y , her nephew , who had been for s",1,reason sh op zone sav vings running short tablet supplies uncover hovv others ave medicaments nomatter soreness severetension sleepingdisorder menscare womenshealth overvveight cyberzone effective curatives generic equivalents might better option sho ppers vvant ave medicaments great assortment generics medzone unveil fantastic deals medzone orderstatus latest info carriages orders http k valuecreatorforall com vov lead simple sav vings n light enough conv really place loved man tried cool unconcerned distress returned eyed stairs room speed imm loves admiral would always nothing ever ediately dispatc hed ham peggott nephew
"Subject: expand your penis 20 % larger in weeks  add 3 + inches today - don ' t get left behind  http : / / www . xunepa . com / ss /  traditionally , most of australia ' s imports come from overseas .  we should live our lives as though christ were coming this afternoon .  nihilism is best done by professionals .  giving is a necessity sometimes . . . more urgent , indeed , than having .  no one in the world needs a mink coat but a mink .",1,expand penis larger weeks add inches today get left behind http www xunepa com ss traditionally australia imports come overseas live lives though christ coming afternoon nihilism best done professionals giving necessity sometimes urgent indeed one world needs mink coat mink
"Subject: resending paper  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" lynn nazareth "" on 04 / 27 / 2001 12 : 46 : 37 pm  to : jason . sokolov @ enron . com  cc :  subject : resending paper  jason :  here is our team ' s assignment . please confirm receipt . i am also sending you  the file via my outlook address in case this doesn ' t work .  this is our team :  helen demianenko  javier lamas  lynn nazareth  shauywn smith  carlos wheelock  sarah wooddy  thanks , jason ! see you at enron this fall !  lynn  get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com  - mg _ analysis _ final . doc",0,resending paper forwarded jason sokolov hou ect pm lynn nazareth pm jason sokolov enron com cc subject resending paper jason team assignment please confirm receipt also sending file via outlook address case work team helen demianenko javier lamas lynn nazareth shauywn smith carlos wheelock sarah wooddy thanks jason see enron fall lynn get free download msn explorer http explorer msn com mg analysis final doc
"Subject: fwd : eprm article  return - path :  from : vkaminski @ aol . com  full - name : vkaminski  message - id :  date : fri , 8 dec 2000 00 : 19 : 50 est  subject : fwd : eprm article  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary = "" part 2 _ 1 e . e 608831 . 2761 c 976 _ boundary ""  x - mailer : unknown sub 171  return - path :  received : from rly - xao 5 . mx . aol . com ( rly - xao 5 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 20 . 105 . 74 ] )  by air - xaol . mail . aol . com ( v 77 . 14 ) with esmtp ; tue , 05 dec 2000 12 : 47 : 35 - 0500  received : from mailolb . rapidsite . net ( mailolb . rapidsite . net  [ 207 . 158 . 192 . 229 ] ) by rly - xao 5 . mx . aol . com ( v 76 _ rl . 19 ) with esmtp ; tue , 05 dec  2000 12 : 47 : 00 - 0500  received : from www . lacima . co . uk ( 209 . 41 . 1 . 121 ) by mailolb . rapidsite . net ( rs  ver 1 . 0 . 58 s ) with smtp id 0923182 for ; tue , 5 dec 2000  12 : 46 : 46 - 0500 ( est )  message - id :  reply - to : "" chris strickland ""  from : "" chris strickland ""  to :  references :  subject : eprm article  date : wed , 6 dec 2000 04 : 16 : 05 + 1100  organization : lacima consultants  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : multipart / mixed ;  x - priority : 3  x - msmail - priority : normal  x - mailer : microsoft outlook express 5 . 00 . 2615 . 200  x - mimeole : produced by microsoft mimeole v 5 . 00 . 2615 . 200  x - loop - detect : 1  hi vince ,  hope things are fine with you . i ' m sorry that i only ever write to you when  i ' m after something , but could you look at this simulation article - the  next installment in the eprm articles .  many thanks and best regards .  chris .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to : ; ; ;  sent : friday , september 08 , 2000 4 : 23 am  subject : re : var article  > les ,  >  > the revised version of the var article looks fine .  >  > vince  >  - eprm _ 04 _ sim _ mr . zip",0,fwd eprm article return path vkaminski aol com full name vkaminski message id date fri dec est subject fwd eprm article vkamins enron com cc vkaminski aol com mime version content type multipart mixed boundary part e e c boundary x mailer unknown sub return path received rly xao mx aol com rly xao mail aol com air xaol mail aol com v esmtp tue dec received mailolb rapidsite net mailolb rapidsite net rly xao mx aol com v rl esmtp tue dec received www lacima co uk mailolb rapidsite net rs ver smtp id tue dec est message id reply chris strickland chris strickland references subject eprm article date wed dec organization lacima consultants mime version content type multipart mixed x priority x msmail priority normal x mailer microsoft outlook express x mimeole produced microsoft mimeole v x loop detect hi vince hope things fine sorry ever write something could look simulation article next installment eprm articles many thanks best regards chris original message sent friday september subject var article les revised version var article looks fine vince eprm sim mr zip
"Subject: well , do you need it ?  hello , welcome to pharmon unfavoured line s lighterage hop  - one of the leading oniine ph organplayer armaceutical shops  overhear v  squander g  a shortwave l  foundation ll  calomel la  r bandar ac insurrectional l  i squint s matchlock va  plainness um  andmanyother .  - sav cleancut e over 50 %  - worldwide sh oredressing lpplng  - total confiden nightmare tiaiity  - over 5 miiiion customers in pitched 130 countries  have a nice day libertine !",1,well need hello welcome pharmon unfavoured line lighterage hop one leading oniine ph organplayer armaceutical shops overhear v squander g shortwave l foundation calomel la r bandar ac insurrectional l squint matchlock va plainness um andmanyother sav cleancut e worldwide sh oredressing lpplng total confiden nightmare tiaiity miiiion customers pitched countries nice day libertine
"Subject: come on ! it ' s fun and easy ! !  * * * please read this email to the end * * *  try it . just for fun . it will cost you 25 $ to earn at least thousands of dollars ! ! ! this thing  is legal because you are buying and selling something of value : marketing reports .  there is my true story .  i received by email the instructions include in this letter . it interests me because the  system was quite simple . in the list of people selling the reports ( as you will see above ) ,  there was a guy living not so far . i searched for his phone number and i called him . i just  wanted to know if this system was really working . he told me his business was going  very well and he was receiving from 50 $ to 150 $ in cash everyday ! that ' s why i went  into this thing !  thank ' s to the computer age and the internet !  be an internet millionaire like others within a year ! ! !  before you say ' ' bull ' ' , please read the following . this is the letter you have been hearing  about on the news lately . due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a national  weekly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of this program  described below , to see if it really can make people money . the show also investigated  whether or not the program was legal .  their findings proved once and for all that there are ' ' absolutely no laws prohibiting the  participation in the program and if people can "" follow the simple instruction "" they are  bound to make some mega bucks with only $ 25 out of pocket cost ' ' .  = = print this now for your future reference = =  if you would like to make at least $ 500 , 000 every 4 to 5 months easily and comfortably ,  please read the following . . . then read it again and again ! ! !  follow the simple instruction below and  your financial dreams will come true , guaranteed !  instructions :  = = = = = order all 5 reports shown on the list below = = = = =  for each report , send $ 5 cash , the name & number of the report you are  ordering and your e - mail address to the person whose name appears on  that list next to the report . make sure your return address is on your  envelope top left corner in case of any mail problems .  = = = when you place your order , make sure = = =  = = = you order each of the 5 reports ! = = =  you will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your computer and resell them .  your total cost $ 5 x 5 = $ 25 . 00 .  within a few days you will receive , via e - mail , each of the 5 reports from these 5 different  individuals . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the  1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you . also make a floppy of these reports and  keep it on your desk in case something happens to your computer .  important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed next to each report ,  or their sequence on the list , in any way other than what is instructed below in step ' ' 1  through 6 ' ' or you will loose out on the majority of your profits . once you understand the  way this works , you will also see how it does not work if you change it .  remember , this method has been tested , and if you alter it , it will not work ! ! ! people  have tried to put their friends / relatives names on all five thinking they could get all the  money . but it does not work this way . believe us , some have tried to be greedy and then  nothing happened . so do not try to change anything other than what is instructed .  because if you do , it will not work for you . remember , honesty reaps the reward ! ! !  this is a legitimate business . you are offering a product for sale and getting paid for it .  treat it as such and you will be very profitable in a short period of time .  1 . . after you have ordered all 5 reports , take this advertisement and remove the name  & address of the person in report # 5 . this person has made it through the cycle and  is no doubt counting their fortune .  2 . . move the name & address in report # 4 down to report # 5 .  3 . . move the name & address in report # 3 down to report # 4 .  4 . . move the name & address in report # 2 down to report # 3 .  5 . . move the name & address in report # 1 down to report # 2  6 . . . . insert your name & address in the report # 1 position .  please make sure you copy every name & address accurately ! this is critical  to your success .  take this entire letter , with the modified list of names , and save it on your computer . do  not make any other changes .  save this on a disk as well just in case if you loose any data . to assist you with  marketing your business on the internet , the 5 reports you purchase will provide you with  invaluable marketing information which includes how to send bulk e - mails legally , where  to find thousands of free classified ads and much more . there are 2 primary methods to  get this venture going :  method # 1 : by sending bulk e - mail legally  let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we will assume you  and those involved send out only 5 , 000 e - mails each . let ' s also assume that the mailing  receive only a 0 . 2 % ( 2 / 10 of 1 % ) response ( the response could be much better but lets  just say it is only 0 . 2 % ) . also many peoplewill send out hundreds of thousands e - mails  instead of only 5 , 000 each ) .  continuing with this example , you send out only 5 , 000 e - mails . with a 0 . 2 % response ,  that is only 10 orders for report # 1 . those 10 people responded by sending out 5 , 000 e -  mail each for a total of 50 , 000 . out of those 50 , 000 e - mails only 0 . 2 % responded with  orders . that ' s = 100 people responded and ordered report # 2 .  those 100 people mail out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 500 , 000 e - mails . the 0 . 2 %  response to that is 1000 orders for report # 3 .  those 1000 people send 5 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 5 million e - mail sent out . the  0 . 2 % response is 10 , 000 orders for report # 4 .  those 10 , 000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 50 , 000 , 000 ( 50 million ) e -  mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 100 , 000 orders for report # 5 .  that ' s 100 , 000 orders times $ 5 each = $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( half a million dollars ) .  your total income in this example is : 1 . . . . . $ 50 + 2 . . . . . $ 500 + 3 . . . . . $ 5 , 000 + 4 . . . . .  $ 50 , 000 + 5 . . . . $ 500 , 000 . . . .  grand total = $ 555 , 550 . 00  numbers do not lie . get a pencil & paper and figure out the worst  possible responses and no matter how you calculate it , you will  still make a lot of money !  remember friend , this is assuming only 10 people ordering out of  5 , 000 you mailed to . dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone or  half or even one 4 th of those people mailed 100 , 000 e - mails each or more ?  there are over 150 million people on the internet worldwide and counting , with thousands  more coming on line every day . believe me , many people will do just that , and more !  method # 2 : by placing free ads on the internet  advertising on the net is very , very inexpensive and there are hundreds of free places  to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response . we  strongly suggest you start with method # 1 and add method # 2 as you go along . for  every $ 5 you receive , all you must do is e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it .  always provide same day service on all orders .  this will guarantee that the e - mail they send out , with your name and address on it , will  be prompt because they can not advertise until they receive the report .  = = = = = = = = = = = available reports = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  the reason for the "" cash "" is not because this is illegal or somehow "" wrong "" . it is simply  about time . time for checks or credit cards to be cleared or approved , etc . concealing it  is simply so no one can see there is money in the envelope and steal it before it gets to  you .  order each report by its number & name only . notes : always send $ 5  cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not accepted . make sure the cash is  concealed by wrapping it in at least 2 sheets of paper . on one of those sheets of paper ,  write the number & the name of the report you are ordering , your e - mail  address and your name and postal address .  place your order for these reports now :  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = report # 1 : ' the insider ' s  guide to advertising for free on the net  order report # 1 from :  y . l . wong  p . o . box no . 71819  kowloon central post office  hong kong  report # 2 : the insider ' s guide to sending bulk email on the net  order report # 2 from :  martin veronneau  c . p . 70058  laval , quebec  h 7 r 5 z 2  canada  report # 3 : secret to multilevel marketing on the net  order report # 3 from :  francis kidd  p . o . box 209  homestead , pa 15120  usa  report # 4 : how to become a millionaire using mlm & the net  order report # 4 from :  m . l . frayser  p . o . box 61432  fort myers , fl 33906  usa  report # 5 : how to send out one million emails for free  order report # 5 from :  stone evans  600 n . pearl , suite gl 03  dallas , tx 75201  usa  $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ your success guidelines $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $  follow these guidelines to guarantee your success :  = = = if you do not receive at least 10 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks , continue  sending e - mails until you do .  = = = after you have received 10 orders , 2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 100  orders or more for report # 2 . if you did not , continue advertising or sending e - mails  until you do .  * * once you have received 100 or more orders for report # 2 , you can relax , because  the system is already working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in ! this is  important to remember : every time your name is moved down on the list , you are  placed in front of a different report .  you can keep track of your progress by watching which report people are  ordering from you . if you want to generate more income send another  batch of e - mails and start the whole process again . there is no limit  to the income you can generate from this business ! ! !  following is a note from the originator of this program :  you have just received information that can give you financial freedom for the rest of your  life , with no risk and just a little bit of effort . you can make more money in  the next few weeks and months than you have ever imagined . follow the program  exactly as instructed . do not change it in any way . it works exceedingly well as  it is now .  remember to e - mail a copy of this exciting report after you have put your name and  address in report # 1 and moved others to # 2 . . . . . # 5 as instructed above . one of the  people you send this to may send out 100 , 000 or more e - mails and your name will be on  every one of them .  remember though , the more you send out the more potential customers you will reach .  so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials and opportunity to  become financially independent .  it is up to you now !  = = = = = = = = = = = = = testimonials = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  ' ' my name is mitchell . my wife , jody and i live in chicago . i am an accountant with a  major u . s . corporation and i make pretty good money . when i received this program i  grumbled to jody about receiving ' junk mail ' . i made fun of the whole thing , spouting my  knowledge of the population and percentages involved . i ' ' knew ' ' it wouldn ' t work . jody  totally ignored my supposed intelligence and few days later she jumped in with both feet .  i made merciless fun of her , and was ready to lay the old ' ' i told you so ' ' on her when the  thing didn ' t work .  well , the laugh was on me ! within 3 weeks she had received 50 responses . within the  next 45 days she had received total $ 147 , 200 . 00 . . . . . . . . . all cash ! i was shocked . i have  joined jodyin her ' ' hobby ' ' .  mitchell wolf m . d . , chicago , illinois  ' ' not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up my mind to  participate in this plan . but conservative as i am , i decided that the initial investment was  so little that there was just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my  money back . i was surprised when i found my medium size post office box crammed  with orders . i made $ 319 , 210 . 00 in the first 12 weeks .  the nice thing about this deal is that it does not matter where people live . there simply  isn ' t a better investment with a faster return and so big ' ' .  dan sondstrom , alberta , canada  ' ' i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i wondered if i should have given  it a try . of course , i had no idea who to contact to get another copy , so i had to wait until  i was e - mailed again by someone else . . . . . . . . . 11 months passed then it luckily came  again . . . . . . i did not delete this one ! i made more than $ 490 , 000 on my first try and all the  money came within 22 weeks ' ' .  susan de suza , new york , n . y .  ' ' it really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy money with little cost to you . i  followed the simple instructions carefully and within 10 days the money started to come  in . my first month i made $ 20 , in the 2 nd month i made $ 560 . 00 and by the end of third  month my total cash count was $ 362 , 840 . 00 . life is beautiful , thanx to internet ' ' .  fred dellaca , westport , new zealand  order your reports today and get started on your road to  financial freedom !  if you have any questions of the legality of this program , contact the office of associate  director for marketing practices , federal trade commission , bureau of consumer  protection , washington , d . c .  this message is sent in compliance of the proposed bill section 301 , paragraph  ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 .  * this message is not intended for residents in the state of washington , virginia or  california , screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability .  * this is a one - time mailing and this list will never be used again .  * to be removed from this list , please send an email with the word remove in the  subject line to freebie 4 u @ sinatown . com  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,come fun easy please read email end try fun cost earn least thousands dollars thing legal buying selling something value marketing reports true story received email instructions include letter interests system quite simple list people selling reports see guy living far searched phone number called wanted know system really working told business going well receiving cash everyday went thing thank computer age internet internet millionaire like others within year say bull please read following letter hearing news lately due popularity letter internet national weekly news program recently devoted entire show investigation program described see really make people money show also investigated whether program legal findings proved absolutely laws prohibiting participation program people follow simple instruction bound make mega bucks pocket cost print future reference would like make least every months easily comfortably please read following read follow simple instruction financial dreams come true guaranteed instructions order reports shown list report send cash name number report ordering e mail address person whose name appears list next report make sure return address envelope top left corner case mail problems place order make sure order reports need reports save computer resell total cost x within days receive via e mail reports different individuals save computer accessible send people order also make floppy reports keep desk case something happens computer important alter names people listed next report sequence list way instructed step loose majority profits understand way works also see work change remember method tested alter work people tried put friends relatives names five thinking could get money work way believe us tried greedy nothing happened try change anything instructed work remember honesty reaps reward legitimate business offering product sale getting paid treat profitable short period time ordered reports take advertisement remove name address person report person made cycle doubt counting fortune move name address report report move name address report report move name address report report move name address report report insert name address report position please make sure copy every name address accurately critical success take entire letter modified list names save computer make changes save disk well case loose data assist marketing business internet reports purchase provide invaluable marketing information includes send bulk e mails legally find thousands free classified ads much primary methods get venture going method sending bulk e mail legally let say decide start small see goes assume involved send e mails let also assume mailing receive response response could much better lets say also many peoplewill send hundreds thousands e mails instead continuing example send e mails response orders report people responded sending e mail total e mails responded orders people responded ordered report people mail e mails total e mails response orders report people send e mail total million e mail sent response orders report people send e mails total million e mails response orders report orders times half million dollars total income example grand total numbers lie get pencil paper figure worst possible responses matter calculate still make lot money remember friend assuming people ordering mailed dare think moment would happen everyone half even one th people mailed e mails million people internet worldwide counting thousands coming line every day believe many people method placing free ads internet advertising net inexpensive hundreds free places advertise placing lot free ads internet easily get larger response strongly suggest start method add method go along every receive must e mail report ordered always provide day service orders guarantee e mail send name address prompt advertise receive report available reports reason cash illegal somehow wrong simply time time checks credit cards cleared approved etc concealing simply one see money envelope steal gets order report number name notes always send cash u currency report checks accepted make sure cash concealed wrapping least sheets paper one sheets paper write number name report ordering e mail address name postal address place order reports report insider guide advertising free net order report l wong p box kowloon central post office hong kong report insider guide sending bulk email net order report martin veronneau c p laval quebec h r z canada report secret multilevel marketing net order report francis kidd p box homestead pa usa report become millionaire using mlm net order report l frayser p box fort myers fl usa report send one million emails free order report stone evans n pearl suite gl dallas tx usa success guidelines follow guidelines guarantee success receive least orders report within weeks continue sending e mails received orders weeks receive orders report continue advertising sending e mails received orders report relax system already working cash continue roll important remember every time name moved list placed front different report keep track progress watching report people ordering want generate income send another batch e mails start whole process limit income generate business following note originator program received information give financial freedom rest life risk little bit effort make money next weeks months ever imagined follow program exactly instructed change way works exceedingly well remember e mail copy exciting report put name address report moved others instructed one people send may send e mails name every one remember though send potential customers reach friend given ideas information materials opportunity become financially independent testimonials name mitchell wife jody live chicago accountant major u corporation make pretty good money received program grumbled jody receiving junk mail made fun whole thing spouting knowledge population percentages involved knew work jody totally ignored supposed intelligence days later jumped feet made merciless fun ready lay old told thing work well laugh within weeks received responses within next days received total cash shocked joined jodyin hobby mitchell wolf chicago illinois gambling type took several weeks make mind participate plan conservative decided initial investment little way get enough orders least get money back surprised found medium size post office box crammed orders made first weeks nice thing deal matter people live simply better investment faster return big dan sondstrom alberta canada received program deleted later wondered given try course idea contact get another copy wait e mailed someone else months passed luckily came delete one made first try money came within weeks susan de suza new york n really great opportunity make relatively easy money little cost followed simple instructions carefully within days money started come first month made nd month made end third month total cash count life beautiful thanx internet fred dellaca westport new zealand order reports today get started road financial freedom questions legality program contact office associate director marketing practices federal trade commission bureau consumer protection washington c message sent compliance proposed bill section paragraph c message intended residents state washington virginia california screening addresses done best technical ability one time mailing list never used removed list please send email word remove subject line freebie u sinatown com sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: strictly private .  gooday ,  with warm heart my friend , i send you my greetings , and i hope this letter meets you in good time .  it will be surprising to you to receive this proposal from me since you do not know me personally . however , i am sincerely seeking your confidence in this transaction , which i propose with my free mind and as a person of intergrity . i have kept it to myself for a long time , and now i need to act , as time is not on my side . i want you to open - heartedly read through and give me your most needed support . i got your address from an internet directory , in my search for a contact . i apologize if this is not acceptable to you . the purpose of this letter is to seek your most needed assistance .  my name is donald phiri , the farm supervisor and personal assistant to mr . david stevens , a very popular and rich farmer from macheke , zimbabwe . my master was murdered in cold blood in my presence on 15 of april 2001 , due to the land dispute and political situation in my country , as a result of my master ' s financial support for the mdc ( movement for democratic change ) , the main opposition party to president mugabe ' s party , zimbabwe african national union patriotic front ( zanu - pf ) . for more information on my master ' s murder , you may check the amnesty international country report on zimbabwe for the year 2001 .  when the pressure on white farmers started in zimbabwe due to the support given to the war veterans by president mugabe to invade farms and force out white farmers , my master forsaw the danger ahead , he then closed his major bank accounts , and together , we went to johannesburg , south africa to deposit the sum of $ 14 . 5 million ( fourten million , five hundred thousand usdollars ) , in a private security company , for safety . this money was deposited in a box in my name , as my master was being secretive with his name , as the south african government of thambo mbeki is in support of president mugabe ' s actions . the box is labeled as gemstones . my master had planned to use this money for the purchase of lands , new machines and chemicals for establishment of new farms in botswana . he has used this company in the past to move money for the purchase of tractors and farm equipment from europe . my master is divorced , and his wife valerie , and only child , diana have relocated to bradford , !  en !  gland for 9 years now .  i am currently in the netherlands where i am seeking political asylum . i have now decided to transfer my master ' s money into an account for security and safety reasons . this is why i am anxiously and humbly seeking for your genuine assistance in transfering this money into an account without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything my master left . you have to understand that this decision taken by me entrusts so much to you .  if you accept to assist me , all i want you to do for me , is to make an arrangements with the security company to clear the box containing the money from their office here in the netherlands , and then we will transfer the money into an account . you may open a new account for this purpose . i have applied to the security company to transfer the box from south africa to their branch here , which they have done .  to legally process the claim of the box , i will contact a lawyer to help me prepare a change of ownership and letter of authority to enable them recognise you as my representative , and deliver the box to you . i have with me , the certificate used to deposit the box , which we will need for claiming the box .  for valuable assistance , i am offering you 10 % ( $ 1 , 450 , 000 ) of the total money . i have also set aside 1 % ( $ 145 , 000 ) of this money for all kinds of expenses that come our way in the process of this transaction , and 4 % ( $ 580 , 000 ) , will be given to charity in my master ' s name i will give 25 % ( $ 3 , 625 , 000 ) to valerie and diana , after my share of the money has been transfered back to me . when they grant my asylum application , my share of the money ( 85 % ) , will be transfered back to me , into an account i will solely own . i also intend to start up a business then . if you have knowledge of farming business in your country , or other areas of possible business investment that i may be interested in , please inform me , so that my some of my share of the money can be invested for the time being .  please , i want to you maintain absolute secrecy for the purpose of this transaction due to my safety and successful conclusion of the transaction .  i look forward to your reply and co - operation , and i am sure it will be nice to extend ties with you .  yours sincerely ,  donald phiri .  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,strictly private gooday warm heart friend send greetings hope letter meets good time surprising receive proposal since know personally however sincerely seeking confidence transaction propose free mind person intergrity kept long time need act time side want open heartedly read give needed support got address internet directory search contact apologize acceptable purpose letter seek needed assistance name donald phiri farm supervisor personal assistant mr david stevens popular rich farmer macheke zimbabwe master murdered cold blood presence april due land dispute political situation country result master financial support mdc movement democratic change main opposition party president mugabe party zimbabwe african national union patriotic front zanu pf information master murder may check amnesty international country report zimbabwe year pressure white farmers started zimbabwe due support given war veterans president mugabe invade farms force white farmers master forsaw danger ahead closed major bank accounts together went johannesburg south africa deposit sum million fourten million five hundred thousand usdollars private security company safety money deposited box name master secretive name south african government thambo mbeki support president mugabe actions box labeled gemstones master planned use money purchase lands new machines chemicals establishment new farms botswana used company past move money purchase tractors farm equipment europe master divorced wife valerie child diana relocated bradford en gland years currently netherlands seeking political asylum decided transfer master money account security safety reasons anxiously humbly seeking genuine assistance transfering money account without knowledge government bent taking everything master left understand decision taken entrusts much accept assist want make arrangements security company clear box containing money office netherlands transfer money account may open new account purpose applied security company transfer box south africa branch done legally process claim box contact lawyer help prepare change ownership letter authority enable recognise representative deliver box certificate used deposit box need claiming box valuable assistance offering total money also set aside money kinds expenses come way process transaction given charity master name give valerie diana share money transfered back grant asylum application share money transfered back account solely also intend start business knowledge farming business country areas possible business investment may interested please inform share money invested time please want maintain absolute secrecy purpose transaction due safety successful conclusion transaction look forward reply co operation sure nice extend ties sincerely donald phiri sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: ng prices  margaret ,  please find attached texas and louisiana wellhead prices ( daily , monthly and  quarterly ) . we had data available starting 1983 and the information source is  natural gas intelligence . information on uk "" beach "" prices will be available  for the following locations : teesside , bacton and st . fergus . would you like  to have data on a specific one ?  sincerely ,  elena  elena chikina  enron research group  vince j kaminski @ ect  08 / 01 / 2000 07 : 52 am  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : vince does your group have a monthly or a quarterly price  history in nominal terms  for a us onshore louisiana natural gas price ( or a texas wellhead price ) and  a uk landed beach price for the past 15 years ? i am gathering historical data  for jim o hara for our colombia pipeline in south america and these are among  the series of data they are seeking . they would like the data  from a published source in an electronic file if possible . . their timetable  is by cob weds this week . thank you for your help . margaret  mike do you agree with me ? please , ask elena to check what price info is  available at xmim .  vince  margaret ,  the prices going back 15 years are not too informative ( for the first 5  years ) , as he industry was still regulated .  we shall try to get you the us series as soon as possible .  vince  margaret carson @ enron  07 / 31 / 2000 04 : 12 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kyran hanks / lon / ect @ ect  subject : vince does your group have a monthly or a quarterly price history in  nominal terms  for a us onshore louisiana natural gas price ( or a texas wellhead price ) and  a uk landed beach price for the past 15 years ? i am gathering historical data  for jim o hara for our colombia pipeline in south america and these are among  the series of data they are seeking . they would like the data  from a published source in an electronic file if possible . . their timetable  is by cob weds this week . thank you for your help . margaret",0,ng prices margaret please find attached texas louisiana wellhead prices daily monthly quarterly data available starting information source natural gas intelligence information uk beach prices available following locations teesside bacton st fergus would like data specific one sincerely elena elena chikina enron research group vince j kaminski ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc elena chilkina corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject vince group monthly quarterly price history nominal terms us onshore louisiana natural gas price texas wellhead price uk landed beach price past years gathering historical data jim hara colombia pipeline south america among series data seeking would like data published source electronic file possible timetable cob weds week thank help margaret mike agree please ask elena check price info available xmim vince margaret prices going back years informative first years industry still regulated shall try get us series soon possible vince margaret carson enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc kyran hanks lon ect ect subject vince group monthly quarterly price history nominal terms us onshore louisiana natural gas price texas wellhead price uk landed beach price past years gathering historical data jim hara colombia pipeline south america among series data seeking would like data published source electronic file possible timetable cob weds week thank help margaret
"Subject: reactions september is now live on - line  > reactions  > the latest edition of the financial magazine for the global insurance  > market is now live at http : / / www . reactionsnet . com  >  > the world ' s leading insurance and reinsurance magazine . simply hit  > the links at the bottom of each item to see the full article . you can  > call or email us for help at any time on mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com  > or + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 . the september issue of reactions is packed full  > of news , views and figures :  >  > * cover report : the future for reinsurance : ignoring uncertainty and  > danger  > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id = 799  > * cover report : are ratings agencies responsible for excess capital ?  > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id = 800  > * cover report : why not give the capital back ?  > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id = 801  > * cover report : m & a shakeout likely  > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id = 802  > * cover report : what the future industry will look like - the new  > face of risk transfer  > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id = 803  >  >  > les rendez - vous de septembre ~ monte carlo 2000  > the 44 th international meeting of insurers , reinsurers , brokers and  > reinsurance consultants starts on september 3 rd , and you will be able to  > keep right up to date with all the news by logging - on to the official  > monte carlo website : http : / / www . rvs - monte - carlo . com .  >  > in association with guy carpenter [ http : / / www . guycarp . com ] ,  > reactions will publish the rendez - vous reporter daily . it will be  > available to read on - line should you not be able to attend in person -  > simply go to the section headed "" newsletter "" to access these daily  > updates . you can also read last year ' s archived reporters here .  >  > look out for our daily email news alerts , sent directly from monte  > carlo next week !  >  >  > other stories  >  > * profile : munich re - giant steps forward  > munich re has kept as silent as a statue for many  > years - even when confronted with the most innocent enquiries about its  > strategy . but now the statue has come to life and is willing to talk about  > how it maintains its position as the world ' s most powerful reinsurer .  > simon challis went to munich to hear about it .  > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id = 804  >  > * financial risks : the path to new risks  > insurance companies and banks were once two separate and  > distinct marketplaces . but now the dividing lines between the two are more  > blurred than ever . this is creating new opportunities for both , but also a  > fresh set of problems and challenges to be overcome .  > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id = 805  > * tax havens : financial paradise under threat  > offshore domiciles and tax havens have created important  > niches within insurance and finance and have become centres of excellence  > for many industries . but the sun may soon disappear for these  > jurisdictions as they come under pressure to change .  > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id = 806  > for a free trial to the leading authority on international  > fund management , global investor magazine , please go to  > http : / / www . . com / admin / registernow . asp , to see the  > home page go to http : / / www . . com .  >  > * e - commerce : electronic re hits the screens  > in a rapidly changing world , one thing at least has become  > abundantly clear . insurers and reinsurers who fail to rise to the  > challenges of internet technology will fall by the wayside .  > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id = 809  > for specialist information on the internet economy visit our  > sister publication evantage at http : / / www . evantagenow . com .  >  > * european insurance : all change in a unified market  > the eu ' s non - life insurance markets are undergoing rapid  > transformation , driven by the deregulation of the markets and advances in  > information technology . http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id = 812  >  >  > plus  > * latin american insurance by susan drury  > this brand new report analyses the growth and opportunities  > for companies , products and alliances in the market . susan drury  > forecasts the shape and direction of the latin american industry over the  > next ten years .  > https : / / ecommerce . waterside . net / reactions / la _ insurance . asp  >  > * @ risk : internet and ecommerce insurance and reinsurance legal issues  > this guide is a vital point of reference for anyone involved  > in the covering of internet related liabilities . for a reduced price of  > 150 pounds you can ensure that you have the best information on risk  > associated e - commerce insurance at your disposal .  > https : / / ecommerce . waterside . net / reactions / risk . asp  >  > * ensurance  > without a clear e - commerce strategy you are seriously  > jeopardising the future competitiveness of your company . reactions  > publishing group has produced the report to answer all your questions on  > this new and expanding market .  > https : / / ecommerce . waterside . net / reactions / ensurance . asp  >  > * reinsurance fourth edition by professor rl carter  > the fully updated edition of the best selling guide to the  > reinsurance market . a must read book for every executive and consultant  > involved in the rapidly evolving reinsurance industry .  > https : / / ecommerce . waterside . net / reactions / reins _ fourth . asp  >  > * euromoney plc provides a uniquely focussed on - line book and  > information service for all financial markets professionals . to find the  > best , most up - to - date selection of books and journals specifically for  > your sector please go to http : / / www . euromoneyplc . com ( registration is  > free ) or call us on + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8673 .  >  >  > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com  >  >  > to advertise or link your company website to this industry  > circular please contact andreas silberman  > tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8186 or e - mail  > mailto : asilberman @ euromoneyplc . com  >  > if you have any problems logging onto or using  > www . reactionsnet . com please call our dedicated help desk  > + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 or email  > mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com",0,reactions september live line reactions latest edition financial magazine global insurance market live http www reactionsnet com world leading insurance reinsurance magazine simply hit links bottom item see full article call email us help time mailto web help euromoneyplc com september issue reactions packed full news views figures cover report future reinsurance ignoring uncertainty danger http www reactionsnet com viewstory asp id cover report ratings agencies responsible excess capital http www reactionsnet com viewstory asp id cover report give capital back http www reactionsnet com viewstory asp id cover report shakeout likely http www reactionsnet com viewstory asp id cover report future industry look like new face risk transfer http www reactionsnet com viewstory asp id les rendez vous de septembre monte carlo th international meeting insurers reinsurers brokers reinsurance consultants starts september rd able keep right date news logging official monte carlo website http www rvs monte carlo com association guy carpenter http www guycarp com reactions publish rendez vous reporter daily available read line able attend person simply go section headed newsletter access daily updates also read last year archived reporters look daily email news alerts sent directly monte carlo next week stories profile munich giant steps forward munich kept silent statue many years even confronted innocent enquiries strategy statue come life willing talk maintains position world powerful reinsurer simon challis went munich hear http www reactionsnet com viewstory asp id financial risks path new risks insurance companies banks two separate distinct marketplaces dividing lines two blurred ever creating new opportunities also fresh set problems challenges overcome http www reactionsnet com viewstory asp id tax havens financial paradise threat offshore domiciles tax havens created important niches within insurance finance become centres excellence many industries sun may soon disappear jurisdictions come pressure change http www reactionsnet com viewstory asp id free trial leading authority international fund management global investor magazine please go http www com admin registernow asp see home page go http www com e commerce electronic hits screens rapidly changing world one thing least become abundantly clear insurers reinsurers fail rise challenges internet technology fall wayside http www reactionsnet com viewstory asp id specialist information internet economy visit sister publication evantage http www evantagenow com european insurance change unified market eu non life insurance markets undergoing rapid transformation driven deregulation markets advances information technology http www reactionsnet com viewstory asp id plus latin american insurance susan drury brand new report analyses growth opportunities companies products alliances market susan drury forecasts shape direction latin american industry next ten years https ecommerce waterside net reactions la insurance asp risk internet ecommerce insurance reinsurance legal issues guide vital point reference anyone involved covering internet related liabilities reduced price pounds ensure best information risk associated e commerce insurance disposal https ecommerce waterside net reactions risk asp ensurance without clear e commerce strategy seriously jeopardising future competitiveness company reactions publishing group produced report answer questions new expanding market https ecommerce waterside net reactions ensurance asp reinsurance fourth edition professor rl carter fully updated edition best selling guide reinsurance market must read book every executive consultant involved rapidly evolving reinsurance industry https ecommerce waterside net reactions reins fourth asp euromoney plc provides uniquely focussed line book information service financial markets professionals find best date selection books journals specifically sector please go http www euromoneyplc com registration free call us http www reactionsnet com advertise link company website industry circular please contact andreas silberman tel e mail mailto asilberman euromoneyplc com problems logging onto using www reactionsnet com please call dedicated help desk email mailto web help euromoneyplc com
"Subject: re :  denise ,  no problem .  we shall prepare a short presentation to address these issues .  vince kaminski  denise furey @ ees  01 / 09 / 2001 11 : 12 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  i hope you have seen the email below . do you have any problem with what  jeremy has asked you or your group to address . is there anything that you  want us to supply to you to assist you ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by denise furey / hou / ees on 01 / 09 / 2001 11 : 11  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  denise furey  01 / 08 / 2001 11 : 46 am  to : gayle w muench / hou / ees @ ees , michael tribolet / corp / enron @ enron , william s  bradford / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc : don black / hou / ees @ ees , tony spruiell / hou / ees @ ees  subject :  i believe all of you received a request from jeremy blachman to hold the  afternoon of january 10 th open for an off - site to discuss the manner in which  rac and research assess / test the credit quality of ees transactions . i  realize that rac and ees have had many discussions as to the methodology , but  it might be helpful for all of us to understand the actual derivation of some  of analysis . please call me with any questions or comments at ext # 30349 .  the agenda will be as follows :  12 : 00 - 1 : 00 lunch  1 : 00 - 3 : 30 presentations  3 : 30 - to close discussion  rac / research presentations  the following topics would be of interest to ees :  1 - the derivation of default probabilities including ( research )  - - a discussion of the actual mathematical process ,  - - the analytics behind why these computations are deemed the best for  enron ,  - - a comparison to historic default rates and why they differ ( in respect  to actual default rates , shape of the cumulative default curves etc .  2 - the volatilities which are used to determine possible loss scenarios for  the commodity portion of ees deals including ( research )  - - the selection of curves  - - the application of those curves to the actual credit reserve model and  - - why these particular tests are applicable to our products .  3 - the recovery rates used in the credit reserve model . how are these  figures derived ? ( rac )  4 - how rac and research have adjusted the credit reserve model to  accommodate unusual aspects of the deal including ( rac )  - - promotion payments ,  - - accounts receivable  - - committed capital  - - and other factors  ees also understands that some of you may be familiar with our processes ,  however , there are perhaps areas that you would like to understand more  fully . please tell us what you would like to hear from us .  also , rac has sent us the credit reserve model and i have seen completed  models . perhaps prior to our meeting on wednesday , someone from rac and / or  research could sit with me and someone from phil layton ' s group and go  through the process of how the various pieces are put together .",0,denise problem shall prepare short presentation address issues vince kaminski denise furey ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject hope seen email problem jeremy asked group address anything want us supply assist forwarded denise furey hou ees denise furey gayle w muench hou ees ees michael tribolet corp enron enron william bradford hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc black hou ees ees tony spruiell hou ees ees subject believe received request jeremy blachman hold afternoon january th open site discuss manner rac research assess test credit quality ees transactions realize rac ees many discussions methodology might helpful us understand actual derivation analysis please call questions comments ext agenda follows lunch presentations close discussion rac research presentations following topics would interest ees derivation default probabilities including research discussion actual mathematical process analytics behind computations deemed best enron comparison historic default rates differ respect actual default rates shape cumulative default curves etc volatilities used determine possible loss scenarios commodity portion ees deals including research selection curves application curves actual credit reserve model particular tests applicable products recovery rates used credit reserve model figures derived rac rac research adjusted credit reserve model accommodate unusual aspects deal including rac promotion payments accounts receivable committed capital factors ees also understands may familiar processes however perhaps areas would like understand fully please tell us would like hear us also rac sent us credit reserve model seen completed models perhaps prior meeting wednesday someone rac research could sit someone phil layton group go process various pieces put together
"Subject: perfect visual solution for your business now  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visual imaqe  of your company by creatinq an outstandinq loqo , presentable stationery  items and professional website . these marketing toois wili siqnificantiy  contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deai packages and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,perfect visual solution business working company image start visual identity key first good impression help take part buiiding positive visual imaqe company creatinq outstandinq loqo presentable stationery items professional website marketing toois wili siqnificantiy contributeto success business take iook work sampies hot deai packages see offer work interested
"Subject: new love tabs shop .  visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other love enhancers ail in one !  operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and compiete confidentiaiity !  ciick here to find your verlfled by bbb and approved by vlsa iove pil 1 ! ",1,new love tabs shop visit llcensed online dragstore best inexpensive love drags viagra ciaiis softtabs many love enhancers ail one operative support fast shipping secure payment processing compiete confidentiaiity ciick find verlfled bbb approved vlsa iove pil
"Subject: perfect visual solution for your business now  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visuai image  of your company by creating an outstanding ioqo , presentable stationery  items and professional website . these marketing toois wiil siqnificantly  contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deai packaqes and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,perfect visual solution business working company image start visual identity key first good impression help take part buiiding positive visuai image company creating outstanding ioqo presentable stationery items professional website marketing toois wiil siqnificantly contributeto success business take iook work samples hot deai packaqes see offer work interested
"Subject: info you requested kcc  thank you for your interest !  judgment coursesoffers an extensive training  course in "" how to collect moneyjudgments ""  if you are like many people , you are not even sure what a  money judgment is and why processing money judgments  can earn you very substantial income .  if you ever sue a company or a person and you win then you  will have a money judgment against them .  you are happy you won but you will soon find out the  shocking fact : its now up to you to collect on the  judgment . the court does not require the loser to pay you .  the court will not even help you . you must trace the loser  down , find their assets , their employment , bank accounts ,  real estate , stocks and bonds , etc .  very few people know how to find these assets or what to do  when they are found . the result is that millions of  judgments are just sitting in files and being forgotten .  in 79 % of the cases the winner of a judgment never sees a  dime .  the non - payment of judicial debt has grown to epidemic  proportions . right now in the united states there is  between 200 and 300 billion dollars of uncollectedmoney  judgment debt . for every judgment that is paid , 5 more  judgments take its place .  we identified this massive market 8 years ago and have  actively pursued judicial judgments since . we invented this  business . we have perfected it into a well proven and solid  profession in which only a select few will be trained in the  techniques necessary to succeed .  with our first hand experience we have built a course which  teaches you how to start your business in this new unknown  and exciting field of processing money judgments .  by following the steps laid out in our course and with  reasonable effort you can become very successful in the  processing of money judgments .  the income potential is substantial in this profession . we  have associates who have taken our course and are now  working full time making $ 96 , 000 . 00 to over $ 200 , 000 . 00 per  year . part time associates are earning between $ 24 , 000 . 00  and $ 100 , 000 . 00 per year . some choose to operateout of  their home and work by themselves . others build a sizable  organization of 15 to 25 people in attractive business  offices .  today our company and our associates have over 126  million dollars in money judgments that we are currently  processing . of this 126 million , 25 million is in the form  of joint ventures between our firm and our associates .  joint ventures are where we make our money . we only break  even when our course is purchased . we make a 12 % margin on  the reports we supply to our associates . our reporting  capability is so extensive that government agencies , police  officers , attorneys , credit agencies etc . , all come to us  for reports .  many of our associates already have real estate liens in  force of between 5 million to over 15 million dollars .  legally this means that when the properties are sold or  refinanced our associate must be paid off . the norm is 10 %  interest compounded annually on unpaid money judgments .  annual interest on 5 million at 10 % translates to  $ 500 , 000 . 00 annually in interest income , not counting the  payment of the principal .  our associates earn half of this amount or $ 250 , 000 . 00 per  year . this is just for interest , not counting principle  and not counting the compounding of the interest which can  add substantial additional income . typically companies are  sold for 10 times earnings . just based on simple interest  an associate with 5 million in real estate liens could sell  their business for approximately 2 . 5 million dollars .  92 % of all of our associates work out of their home ; 43 %  are women and 36 % are part time .  one of the benefits of working in this field is that you are  not under any kind of time frame . if you decide to take off  for a month on vacation then go . the judgments you are  working on will be there when you return . the judgments  are still in force , they do not disappear .  the way we train you is non - confrontational . you use your  computer and telephone to do most of the processing . you  never confront the debtor . the debtor doesn ' t know who you  are . you are not a collection agency .  simply stated the steps to successful money processing  are as follows :  mail our recommended letter to companies and individuals  with money judgments . ( we train you how to find out who  to write to )  8 % to 11 % of the firms and people you write will call you  and ask for your help . they call you , you don ' t call them  unless you want to .  you send them an agreement ( supplied in the course ) to  sign which splits every dollar you collect 50 % to you and  50 % to them . this applies no matter if the judgment is for  $ 2 , 000 . 00 or $ 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 .  you then go on - line to our computers to find the debtor  and their assets . we offer over 120 powerful reports to  assist you . they range from credit reports from all three  credit bureaus , to bank account locates , employment  locates , skip traces and locating stocks and bonds , etc .  the prices of our reports are very low . typically 1 / 2 to  1 / 3 of what other firms charge . for example we charge  $ 6 . 00 for an individuals credit report when some other  companies charge $ 25 . 00 .  once you find the debtor and their assets you file  garnishments and liens on the assets you have located .  ( standard fill in the blanks forms are included in the  course )  when you receive the assets you keep 50 % and send 50 % to  the original judgment holder .  once the judgment is fully paid you mail a satisfaction of  judgment to the court . ( included in the course )  quote ' s from several of our students :  thomas in area code 516 writes us : "" i just wanted to drop  you a short note thanking you for your excellent course . my  first week , part time , will net me 3 , 700 . 00 dollars . your  professionalism in both the manual and your support .  you have the video opened doors for me in the future .  there ' s no stopping me now . recently thomas states  he has over $ 8 , 500 , 000 worth of judgments he is working on ""  after only having this course for four months , larry s . in  area code 314 stated to us : "" i am now making $ 2 , 000 . 00 per  week and expect this to grow to twice this amountwithin the  next year . i am having a ball . i have over $ 250 , 000 in  judgments i am collecting on now ""  after having our course for 7 months larry s . in 314 stated  "" i am now making $ 12 , 000 . 00 per month and have approximately  $ 500 , 000 . 00 in judgments i am collecting on . looks like i  will have to hire someone to help out ""  marshal in area code 407 states to us "" i feel bad , you only  charged me $ 259 . 00 for this course and it is a goldmine . i  have added 3 full time people to help me after only having  your course for 5 months ""  > from the above information and actual results you can see  why we can state the following :  with our course you can own your own successful business .  a business which earns you substantial income now and one  which could be sold in 3 - 5 years , paying you enough to  retire on and travel the world . a business which is  extremely interesting to be in . a business in which every  day is new and exciting .  none of your days will be hum - drum . your brain is  challenged . a business , which protects you from corporate  downsizing . a business which you can start part time from  your home and later , if you so desire , you can work in full  time . a business , which is your ticket to freedom from  others telling you what to do . a business , which lets you  control your own destiny . our training has made this happen  for many others already . make it happen for you !  if the above sounds interesting to you then its time for you  to talk to a real live human being , no cost or obligation  on your part .  please call us at 1 - 281 - 500 - 4018 .  we have service support staff available to you from 8 : 00 am to  10 : 00 pm ( central time ) 7 days a week . if you callthis number  you can talk to one of our experienced customer support personnel .  they can answer any questions you may have - with no obligation .  sometimes we run special pricing on our courses and combinations  of courses . when you call our customer support line they can let  you know of any specials we may be running . if you like what you  read and hear about our courses , then the customer support person  can work with you to place your order . we are very low key . we  merely give you the facts and you can then decide if you want to  work with us or not .  thank you for your time and interest .  + + + + +  this ad is produced and sent out by :  uas  to be excluded from our mailing list please email us at eds @ saiyan . com with "" exclude "" in the sub - line .  or write us at : adminscript - update , p o b 1 2 0 0 , o r a n g e s t a d , a r u b a  + + + + + +  5 ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' to 48 5 - 28 c 30 p  - sspltm - 30 ",1,info requested kcc thank interest judgment coursesoffers extensive training course collect moneyjudgments like many people even sure money judgment processing money judgments earn substantial income ever sue company person win money judgment happy soon find shocking fact collect judgment court require loser pay court even help must trace loser find assets employment bank accounts real estate stocks bonds etc people know find assets found result millions judgments sitting files forgotten cases winner judgment never sees dime non payment judicial debt grown epidemic proportions right united states billion dollars uncollectedmoney judgment debt every judgment paid judgments take place identified massive market years ago actively pursued judicial judgments since invented business perfected well proven solid profession select trained techniques necessary succeed first hand experience built course teaches start business new unknown exciting field processing money judgments following steps laid course reasonable effort become successful processing money judgments income potential substantial profession associates taken course working full time making per year part time associates earning per year choose operateout home work others build sizable organization people attractive business offices today company associates million dollars money judgments currently processing million million form joint ventures firm associates joint ventures make money break even course purchased make margin reports supply associates reporting capability extensive government agencies police officers attorneys credit agencies etc come us reports many associates already real estate liens force million million dollars legally means properties sold refinanced associate must paid norm interest compounded annually unpaid money judgments annual interest million translates annually interest income counting payment principal associates earn half amount per year interest counting principle counting compounding interest add substantial additional income typically companies sold times earnings based simple interest associate million real estate liens could sell business approximately million dollars associates work home women part time one benefits working field kind time frame decide take month vacation go judgments working return judgments still force disappear way train non confrontational use computer telephone processing never confront debtor debtor know collection agency simply stated steps successful money processing follows mail recommended letter companies individuals money judgments train find write firms people write call ask help call call unless want send agreement supplied course sign splits every dollar collect applies matter judgment go line computers find debtor assets offer powerful reports assist range credit reports three credit bureaus bank account locates employment locates skip traces locating stocks bonds etc prices reports low typically firms charge example charge individuals credit report companies charge find debtor assets file garnishments liens assets located standard fill blanks forms included course receive assets keep send original judgment holder judgment fully paid mail satisfaction judgment court included course quote several students thomas area code writes us wanted drop short note thanking excellent course first week part time net dollars professionalism manual support video opened doors future stopping recently thomas states worth judgments working course four months larry area code stated us making per week expect grow twice amountwithin next year ball judgments collecting course months larry stated making per month approximately judgments collecting looks like hire someone help marshal area code states us feel bad charged course goldmine added full time people help course months information actual results see state following course successful business business earns substantial income one could sold years paying enough retire travel world business extremely interesting business every day new exciting none days hum drum brain challenged business protects corporate downsizing business start part time home later desire work full time business ticket freedom others telling business lets control destiny training made happen many others already make happen sounds interesting time talk real live human cost obligation part please call us service support staff available pm central time days week callthis number talk one experienced customer support personnel answer questions may obligation sometimes run special pricing courses combinations courses call customer support line let know specials may running like read hear courses customer support person work place order low key merely give facts decide want work us thank time interest ad produced sent uas excluded mailing list please email us eds saiyan com exclude sub line write us adminscript update p b r n g e r u b c p sspltm
"Subject: rape ! ! .  rape sex !  click here  you must be at least 18 to enter !  to be removed from our "" in house "" mailing list  click here  and you will automatically be removed from future mailings .  you have received this email by either requesting more information  on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address .  if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies . ",1,rape rape sex click must least enter removed house mailing list click automatically removed future mailings received email either requesting information one sites someone may used email address received email error please accept apologies
"Subject: dowlnoadable 70 + xxx vldeos with pornstars - x 936  we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside .  thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now !  click here for http : / / black . info . babyhom . info / cool photos and video clips and dvd movies  - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bantus anther candy agnomen  binge bushnell chigger conflict  aural collaborate cultivable compression",1,dowlnoadable xxx vldeos pornstars x hottest pornostars pics videos inside thousands new photo clips including pornostars movies see hot pornostars videos click http black info babyhom info cool photos video clips dvd movies bantus anther candy agnomen binge bushnell chigger conflict aural collaborate cultivable compression
"Subject: re : rice students  ken  a tour would be great ( after 10 : 30 , if they can make it ) .  please , let shirley know about the meeting .  vince  kenneth parkhill @ enron  01 / 29 / 2001 10 : 17 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : rice students  vince ,  19 c is available and reserved for 9 am to 10 : 30 , wednesday .  would you like me to try and arrange a tour for the students or should we  wait until we know more about their interests ?  are their some other enron folks you would like to invite for wednesday ?  ken",0,rice students ken tour would great make please let shirley know meeting vince kenneth parkhill enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject rice students vince c available reserved wednesday would like try arrange tour students wait know interests enron folks would like invite wednesday ken
"Subject: wti trading simulation model - presentation  vince ,  since you are not here today , i just sent out the presentation of the model i  prepared for john  for his feedback . i would appreciate that you review it before we make the  final version .  obviously , this simulation model is going to make a big impact on our online  trading . and i am happy  that we have accomplished this task effciently and elegantly .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 12 / 06 / 2000 01 : 25 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  12 / 06 / 2000 01 : 21 pm  to : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : wti trading simulation model - presentation  john ,  i put together a presentation of the simulation model for wti market maker  for you .  the p / l results are investigated by assuming different scenarios .  the key variable is the number of trade per day , therefore is varied from  200 to 1000 trades .  scenarios are generated by different spreads , net open position allowed , and  time period .  take a look what i have prepared , and let me know things you want to add or  delete .  if you have any questions , i will be happy to discuss with you .  zimin  ps : this presentation is only for the open - close trading . i will produce  exact the same  sequence for the continuous trading ( close - close ) once you approve the  content .",0,wti trading simulation model presentation vince since today sent presentation model prepared john feedback would appreciate review make final version obviously simulation model going make big impact online trading happy accomplished task effciently elegantly zimin forwarded zimin lu hou ect pm zimin lu pm john j lavorato corp enron enron cc stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject wti trading simulation model presentation john put together presentation simulation model wti market maker p l results investigated assuming different scenarios key variable number trade per day therefore varied trades scenarios generated different spreads net open position allowed time period take look prepared let know things want add delete questions happy discuss zimin ps presentation open close trading produce exact sequence continuous trading close close approve content
"Subject: re : evaluations - enron - reminder  > please pass this along to others who may have worked with the students .  >  > to : tiger hosts  >  > from : field application project office  > the wharton school  > university of pennsylvania  >  > re : tiger team evaluations  >  > thank you for hosting the tiger team project , field application project  > 2001 . this opportunity provided the student team a worthwhile experience  > to apply newly acquired skills to a real world issue facing your company .  > your dedication and support of the project contributed greatly to its  > success .  >  > hopefully , by now you have had the opportunity to review the final  > reports . please take a moment to complete the host evaluation form  > available at : ( use internet  > explorer )  >  > username : tiger  > password : fap 2001 ( no space between )  > ( note : case sensitive , please use lower case )  > deadline for acceptance : wednesday , april 25 , 2001  >  > your feedback is important to us . it is taken into consideration when  > calculating student grades and when implementing changes that will impact  > and enhance the program in the future . also , in an effort to insure the  > return of meaningful and contributing host companies , we ask that you  > indicate your interest in returning as a host next year and the fap office  > will contact you in september 2001 .  >  > thank you again for your support of the wharton school and participation  > in the field application project this year . we look forward to working  > with you in the future .  >  > if you have any questions , please contact the fap office at ( 215 ) 573 - 8394  > or email : fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu  >  >  > sincerely ,  > donna piazze  > program director  > field application project",0,evaluations enron reminder please pass along others may worked students tiger hosts field application project office wharton school university pennsylvania tiger team evaluations thank hosting tiger team project field application project opportunity provided student team worthwhile experience apply newly acquired skills real world issue facing company dedication support project contributed greatly success hopefully opportunity review final reports please take moment complete host evaluation form available use internet explorer username tiger password fap space note case sensitive please use lower case deadline acceptance wednesday april feedback important us taken consideration calculating student grades implementing changes impact enhance program future also effort insure return meaningful contributing host companies ask indicate interest returning host next year fap office contact september thank support wharton school participation field application project year look forward working future questions please contact fap office email fap management wharton upenn edu sincerely donna piazze program director field application project
"Subject: my resume  molly ,  we would like to bring this student as a summer intern ( the last one ,  we are running out of space ) .  i shall send you another message regarding his proposed dates .  thanks . i hope you have a very happy easter .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001  10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zhendong xia on 04 / 12 / 2001 03 : 58 : 25 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : my resume  hi , dr . kaminski :  glad to get your reply . here is my resueme . if you wanna know more  about me , please feel free to contact me . thanks .  zhendong xia  georgia institute of technology  school of industrial and systems engineering  email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu  dengie @ sina . com  tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103  ( o ) 404 - 8944318  - cv . doc",0,resume molly would like bring student summer intern last one running space shall send another message regarding proposed dates thanks hope happy easter vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect zhendong xia pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject resume hi dr kaminski glad get reply resueme wan na know please feel free contact thanks zhendong xia georgia institute technology school industrial systems engineering email dengie isye gatech edu dengie sina com tel h cv doc
"Subject: california 1 / 17 / 01  summary :  late night efforts by the california assembly to craft a legislative solution  are falling short of market and creditor expectations . bankruptcy appears  increasingly likely , but the dynamics of a ch . 11 proceeding remain unclear .  socal edison is likely to be the first in ch . 11 following its suspended  payments to creditors yesterday and is now in a 30 day cure period . attempts  to bring in the assets of the parent companies are unlikely to succeed .  bankruptcy would provide davis with some political cover to implement the  tough decisions that he has so far avoided on the questions of rate hikes and  other costs to taxpayers connected to the proposed operations of the  california power authority .  1 . legislation passes assembly , but generators and consumers remain unhappy  the first legislation ( ab lx ) passed the california general assembly last  night , but both generators and consumers are unhappy with the terms .  generators object to the 5 . 5 cent per kw / h price in the proposed long - term  contract , while consumer groups such as the foundation for taxpayer and  consumer rights object to the state acting as a purchaser of power . the  legislation is expected to pass the senate today and to be signed by governor  davis as early as tonight .  press and source reporting this morning confirms that the principal financial  creditors and utility analysts are also unimpressed with the bill , which is  viewed as insubstantial and falling short of creating a solution to the  financial pressures on the utilities .  2 . financial institutions exposure to california utilities  bank of america : $ 215 million  j . p . morgan : $ 202 million  there is a total of $ 12 billion in outstanding loans , but much of this  ( arranged by societe general ) is to the parents national energy group and  edison international . the $ 417 million mentioned above is the most immediate  concern . the southern california edison loans are subject to immediate  repayment in the aftermath of yesterday ' s rating downgrade to junk status .  the fed will not be involved , except in a routine way as a bank regulator  making sure that the appropriate risk reserves are made against the  utilities ' loans and securities . there is no moral hazard here , because the  fed is not going to guarantee any of the utilities ' credits , which , by the  way , they do not have the authority to do .  3 . pg & e / national energy group - shielding assets  despite considerable anger at pg & e for reorganizing to shield its profitable  assets from its debt - plagued utility business , it would seem that davis has  little authority to intervene . the question of "" fraudulent conveyance "" , which  is a term in bankruptcy law for transferring assets to favored parties not  long before a filing ( which transfer can then be reversed by the court ) would  not seem to apply here , since pg dynegy has threaten to take take edison into  bankruptcy court if they default  pg & e  current available : $ 500 m in cash and reserves  due feb : lst - $ 580 m to iso  15 th - $ 431 m to california power exchange  contrary to press reports and leaks from the governor ' s office yesterday  about political brinksmanship , edison is clearly not playing negotiating  games and is really short of cash . in this situation , it is unlikely that its  executives will be making fraudulent statements . the bonds on which they  failed to pay would have a 30 - day cure period . after that the trustees will  move on edison , if edison has not already filed . they have three ways of  financing power purchases going forward : 1 ) the state continues to buy power  and sell edison ( and pg or 2 ) pending the passage of today ' s legislation , the state  legislature authorizes the purchase of power through long - term contracts  under the proposed borrowing authority ; or 3 ) edison files for reorganization  under chapter 11 and obtains almost immediately superpriority post - petition  lines of credit secured against its unmortgaged assets , which it uses to pay  for power until the puc and the rest of the state government recognize that  rates have to increase .  6 . new hampshire experience a guide for davis ?  following the bankruptcy of the public service company of new hampshire , the  bankruptcy judge was authorized by a higher court to mandate rate hikes . the  prospect of imposed rate hikes from the bankruptcy court caused the state  government to subsequently determine that rate hikes to consumers were  unavoidable , passing a seven year rate hike of 7 . 5 percent .  for davis , a similar scenario would provide him with some political cover , if  he were forced by the bankruptcy court to pass through rate hikes as part of  a settlement .",0,california summary late night efforts california assembly craft legislative solution falling short market creditor expectations bankruptcy appears increasingly likely dynamics ch proceeding remain unclear socal edison likely first ch following suspended payments creditors yesterday day cure period attempts bring assets parent companies unlikely succeed bankruptcy would provide davis political cover implement tough decisions far avoided questions rate hikes costs taxpayers connected proposed operations california power authority legislation passes assembly generators consumers remain unhappy first legislation ab lx passed california general assembly last night generators consumers unhappy terms generators object cent per kw h price proposed long term contract consumer groups foundation taxpayer consumer rights object state acting purchaser power legislation expected pass senate today signed governor davis early tonight press source reporting morning confirms principal financial creditors utility analysts also unimpressed bill viewed insubstantial falling short creating solution financial pressures utilities financial institutions exposure california utilities bank america million j p morgan million total billion outstanding loans much arranged societe general parents national energy group edison international million mentioned immediate concern southern california edison loans subject immediate repayment aftermath yesterday rating downgrade junk status fed involved except routine way bank regulator making sure appropriate risk reserves made utilities loans securities moral hazard fed going guarantee utilities credits way authority pg e national energy group shielding assets despite considerable anger pg e reorganizing shield profitable assets debt plagued utility business would seem davis little authority intervene question fraudulent conveyance term bankruptcy law transferring assets favored parties long filing transfer reversed court would seem apply since pg dynegy threaten take take edison bankruptcy court default pg e current available cash reserves due feb lst iso th california power exchange contrary press reports leaks governor office yesterday political brinksmanship edison clearly playing negotiating games really short cash situation unlikely executives making fraudulent statements bonds failed pay would day cure period trustees move edison edison already filed three ways financing power purchases going forward state continues buy power sell edison pg pending passage today legislation state legislature authorizes purchase power long term contracts proposed borrowing authority edison files reorganization chapter obtains almost immediately superpriority post petition lines credit secured unmortgaged assets uses pay power puc rest state government recognize rates increase new hampshire experience guide davis following bankruptcy public service company new hampshire bankruptcy judge authorized higher court mandate rate hikes prospect imposed rate hikes bankruptcy court caused state government subsequently determine rate hikes consumers unavoidable passing seven year rate hike percent davis similar scenario would provide political cover forced bankruptcy court pass rate hikes part settlement
"Subject: re : [ 9 ]  this has been our final attempt  we have aimed to contact you on quite a few instances and the time to return your reponse is now !  your exisiting loan situation enables you for up to a 3 . 80 % lower rate .  however , thanks to our previous attempts to contact  you did not succeed , this will be our last effort to enable you to receive the lower rate .  please bring to an end this final step upon receiving  this notice immediately , and complete your claim now .  apply here .  if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so .",1,final attempt aimed contact quite instances time return reponse exisiting loan situation enables lower rate however thanks previous attempts contact succeed last effort enable receive lower rate please bring end final step upon receiving notice immediately complete claim apply decision make use final offer going help
"Subject: follow up  mark ,  over the past several months vince and paul have had some contact with the  authors of this upcoming risk management book . vince and his group are  writing a chapter and the forward , and enron australia will contribute  aus $ 10 , 000 in support of the book . there are a number of apparent legal  issues associated with completing / publicizing this book and marge suggested  that this is an area of interest to you . i handle public relations for  apachi and will try to contact you within the next couple of days to seek  your guidance .  thanks ,  john  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john ambler / enron _ development on  02 / 23 / 2000 08 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lacima on 02 / 21 / 2000 12 : 29 : 28 pm  to : john ambler / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject : follow up  hi john ,  nice talking with you last week .  the following are some of the items that we discussed during own phone  call :  - attached is a copy of the introduction of the book . section 1 . 2  provides a content overview  - we are planning to market the book globally , and feel the market size  is  around 3000  - the authors names are dr chris stickland and dr les clewlow  - mini bio of authors : dr . les clewlow and dr chris strickland hold  associate research positions at both the school of finance and economics ,  university of technology , sydney and the financial options research centre ,  university of warwick , uk . together , they have over 20 years combined  experience in the financial and energy derivative markets and have  published many articles in academic and trade journals . they are the  authors of the book "" implementing derivatives models "" ( wiley , 1998 ) and  editors of "" exotic options : the state of the art "" ( itp , 1998 ) . their  forthcoming book "" energy derivatives : pricing and risk management "" is due  to be published during the second quarter 2000 . currently , their interests  are concentrated in the energy derivatives area , where they have developed  a wide range of pricing tools for electricity options and other energy  derivatives .  could you please provide responses to the following :  - would it be ok if we use the logo for enron , the global company ?  - what will you need from us before printing ? if you need to review the  book jacket or the manuscript , please let us know .  - if enron needs to review anything , how long will it take for enron to  turn it around ?  - we are putting together a leaflet advertising our energy course . we  would like to mention the forthcoming book and that it is being sponsored  by enron . . . is this ok with you ? no logo will be used .  - we would like to produce a leaflet / brochure advertising the book as  well , but this will follow after we have the book cover designed . should i  work with andrew at stokes account ex . on this ?  - how do we handle the money side of things ?  the manuscript is not fully completed , but we may begin typesetting any day  now . i think it will take about 3 - 4 weeks to typeset and then another 3  weeks to print and bind . sometime in late april ?  it looks like we will be in houston around the 7 th of march . . . will you be  around either the 7 th or 8 th ?  i hope you are enjoying your time at home .  let me know if you need anything further .  take care ,  julie  - intro . zip",0,follow mark past several months vince paul contact authors upcoming risk management book vince group writing chapter forward enron australia contribute aus support book number apparent legal issues associated completing publicizing book marge suggested area interest handle public relations apachi try contact within next couple days seek guidance thanks john forwarded john ambler enron development pm lacima pm john ambler enron development enron development cc subject follow hi john nice talking last week following items discussed phone call attached copy introduction book section provides content overview planning market book globally feel market size around authors names dr chris stickland dr les clewlow mini bio authors dr les clewlow dr chris strickland hold associate research positions school finance economics university technology sydney financial options research centre university warwick uk together years combined experience financial energy derivative markets published many articles academic trade journals authors book implementing derivatives models wiley editors exotic options state art itp forthcoming book energy derivatives pricing risk management due published second quarter currently interests concentrated energy derivatives area developed wide range pricing tools electricity options energy derivatives could please provide responses following would ok use logo enron global company need us printing need review book jacket manuscript please let us know enron needs review anything long take enron turn around putting together leaflet advertising energy course would like mention forthcoming book sponsored enron ok logo used would like produce leaflet brochure advertising book well follow book cover designed work andrew stokes account ex handle money side things manuscript fully completed may begin typesetting day think take weeks typeset another weeks print bind sometime late april looks like houston around th march around either th th hope enjoying time home let know need anything take care julie intro zip
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom desiqn of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq  tools wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amonqthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom desiqn loqos stationery web sites careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq tools wili bring breath fresh air business make stand amonqthe competitors ciick away future success ciick see samples artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
"Subject: interviews for gary hickerson - wednesday , november 1 , 2000  mike / vince :  your schedule to interview nancy beaty for gary hickerson ' s position is  below :  wednesday , november 1  mike roberts 4 : 30 pm ebl 938  vince kaminski 5 : 00 pm ebl 938  shirley",0,interviews gary hickerson wednesday november mike vince schedule interview nancy beaty gary hickerson position wednesday november mike roberts pm ebl vince kaminski pm ebl shirley
"Subject: re : alp presentation  vince ,  thank you for the invitation . i will attend the presentation , but have  another commitment for dinner .  please indicate the specific room for the presentation when it is known .  thanks ,  wil  at 08 : 13 am 4 / 10 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project  > presentation by a group of students  > of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university .  >  > the students will present the results of a research project regarding  > electronic trading  > platforms in the energy industry .  >  > the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith .  >  > we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation .  >  >  > vince kaminski  >  > vincent kaminski  > managing director - research  > enron corp .  > 1400 smith street  > room ebl 962  > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com",0,alp presentation vince thank invitation attend presentation another commitment dinner please indicate specific room presentation known thanks wil wrote behalf enron corp would like invite alp project presentation group students jesse h jones graduate school management rice university students present results research project regarding electronic trading platforms energy industry presentation held may p enron smith would also like invite dinner following presentation vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone cell fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: re : astros season tickets  cathy ,  thanks . in order of priority : fridays ( 20 , 27 ) , apr 25 , 24 , 23 .  vince  from : cathy phillips on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 54 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : astros season tickets  how about two games ? just select a couple of dates and i will have the  tickets delivered to you . the dates that are still available are as follows :  friday , april 20 st . louis  monday , april 23 atlanta  tuesday , april 24 atlanta  wednesday , april 25 atlanta  friday , april 27 florida  thanks .  cathy phillips  x - 36898  vince j kaminski  04 / 02 / 2001 05 : 43 pm  to : cathy phillips / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : astros season tickets  cathy ,  yes , i shall be glad to use a few tickets for my group as a token of  appreciation .  how many can you spare ?  vince  from : cathy phillips on 04 / 02 / 2001 01 : 06 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : astros season tickets  all of the tickets in the initial time frame have been taken . the next set  of tickets i have available are for the series of april 20 th - 25 th . please  let me know if you are interested in any of the tickets in this series .  thanks .  cathy phillips  x - 36898  vince j kaminski  03 / 30 / 2001 11 : 25 am  to : cathy phillips / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : astros season tickets  cathy ,  i shall appreciate 4 tickets , any day . i shall use them internally  as a token of appreciation for the members of my group .  vince  from : cathy phillips on 03 / 30 / 2001 08 : 45 am  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , doug  arnell / enron _ development @ enron _ development , alan aronowitz / hou / ect @ ect ,  pierre aury / lon / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , rick  bergsieker / enron _ development @ enron _ development , stephen h  douglas / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer fraser / hou / ect @ ect , shanna  funkhouser / corp / enron @ enron , eric gonzales / lon / ect @ ect , gary  hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , larry  lawyer / na / enron @ enron , chris mahoney / lon / ect @ ect , george  mcclellan / hou / ect @ ect , thomas myers / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect ,  beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , daniel reck / hou / ect @ ect ,  cindy skinner / hou / ect @ ect , stuart staley / lon / ect @ ect , mark  tawney / hou / ect @ ect , scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron , lisa yoho / na / enron @ enron ,  neil davies / corp / enron @ enron , per sekse / ny / ect @ ect , stephen h  douglas / hou / ect @ ect , scott vonderheide / corp / enron @ enron  cc : cathy phillips / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer burns / hou / ect @ ect , angie  collins / hou / ect @ ect , donna baker / hou / ect @ ect , helen marie taylor / hou / ect @ ect ,  chantelle villanueva / hou / ect @ ect , betty j coneway / hou / ect @ ect , patti  thompson / hou / ect @ ect , cherylene r westbrook / hou / ect @ ect , candace  parker / lon / ect @ ect , sharon purswell / hou / ect @ ect , gloria solis / hou / ect @ ect ,  brenda j johnston / enron _ development @ enron _ development , kim  hickok / enron _ development @ enron _ development , susan mccarthy / lon / ect @ ect , paula  forsyth / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , jody  underwood / na / enron @ enron , kathleen d  hardeman / enron _ development @ enron _ development , judy zoch / na / enron @ enron ,  sunita katyal / enron _ development @ enron _ development , cherry mont / ny / ect @ ect ,  lydia reeves / hou / ect @ ect , kristy armstrong / enron @ enronxgate , nita  garcia / na / enron @ enron , christina brandli / enron @ enronxgate  subject : astros season tickets  astros tickets available  please note that the tickets for the astros games scheduled for saturday ,  march 31 st , through sunday , april 8 th , ( no game on monday , april 2 nd ) are  still available . please let me know this morning if you are interested in  any of the tickets . thank you .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  as mike mentioned at the staff meeting yesterday , enron global markets has  season tickets for the houston astros for the 2001 season which begins this  friday , march 30 th , with an exhibition game against boston . exhibition games  are also scheduled for saturday , march 31 st , and sunday , april lst . the  regular season opening game will be on tuesday , april 3 rd .  we have four seats in section 116 , row 33 , seats 20 - 23 . the seats are  located in the dugout section between home plate and the visitor ' s dugout .  the tickets are available on a first come , first serve basis with preference  given for customer entertainment if more than one request is received for the  same game . please contact me at x - 36898 or via e - mail at  cathy . phillips @ enron . com to request tickets . in addition , copies of the  astros 2001 season schedule are available upon request .  please let me know if you have any questions . thank you .  cathy phillips  x - 36898  eb 3327",0,astros season tickets cathy thanks order priority fridays apr vince cathy phillips pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject astros season tickets two games select couple dates tickets delivered dates still available follows friday april st louis monday april atlanta tuesday april atlanta wednesday april atlanta friday april florida thanks cathy phillips x vince j kaminski pm cathy phillips hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject astros season tickets cathy yes shall glad use tickets group token appreciation many spare vince cathy phillips pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject astros season tickets tickets initial time frame taken next set tickets available series april th th please let know interested tickets series thanks cathy phillips x vince j kaminski cathy phillips hou ect ect cc subject astros season tickets cathy shall appreciate tickets day shall use internally token appreciation members group vince cathy phillips jeffrey shankman hou ect ect doug arnell enron development enron development alan aronowitz hou ect ect pierre aury lon ect ect sally beck hou ect ect rick bergsieker enron development enron development stephen h douglas hou ect ect jennifer fraser hou ect ect shanna funkhouser corp enron enron eric gonzales lon ect ect gary hickerson hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect larry lawyer na enron enron chris mahoney lon ect ect george mcclellan hou ect ect thomas myers hou ect ect john l nowlan hou ect ect beth perlman hou ect ect brent price hou ect ect daniel reck hou ect ect cindy skinner hou ect ect stuart staley lon ect ect mark tawney hou ect ect scott tholan corp enron enron lisa yoho na enron enron neil davies corp enron enron per sekse ny ect ect stephen h douglas hou ect ect scott vonderheide corp enron enron cc cathy phillips hou ect ect jennifer burns hou ect ect angie collins hou ect ect donna baker hou ect ect helen marie taylor hou ect ect chantelle villanueva hou ect ect betty j coneway hou ect ect patti thompson hou ect ect cherylene r westbrook hou ect ect candace parker lon ect ect sharon purswell hou ect ect gloria solis hou ect ect brenda j johnston enron development enron development kim hickok enron development enron development susan mccarthy lon ect ect paula forsyth corp enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect jody underwood na enron enron kathleen hardeman enron development enron development judy zoch na enron enron sunita katyal enron development enron development cherry mont ny ect ect lydia reeves hou ect ect kristy armstrong enron enronxgate nita garcia na enron enron christina brandli enron enronxgate subject astros season tickets astros tickets available please note tickets astros games scheduled saturday march st sunday april th game monday april nd still available please let know morning interested tickets thank mike mentioned staff meeting yesterday enron global markets season tickets houston astros season begins friday march th exhibition game boston exhibition games also scheduled saturday march st sunday april lst regular season opening game tuesday april rd four seats section row seats seats located dugout section home plate visitor dugout tickets available first come first serve basis preference given customer entertainment one request received game please contact x via e mail cathy phillips enron com request tickets addition copies astros season schedule available upon request please let know questions thank cathy phillips x eb
"Subject: business trip to houston  dear all ,  i will be in the houston office from monday 10 th july through wednesday 19 th  july and stopping in ny on the return leg to meet staff at mg metals ny on  thursday 20 th july at the suggestion of lloyd fleming who is co - ordinationg  the rac activities for the integration of mg metals . i will probably take a  day of leave on friday 21 st which would mean that i will be back in the  london office on monday 24 th july .  regards ,  anjam  p . s . as usual i will be contactable on my cellular : ( 07747 ) 868131 or through  lotus notes .",0,business trip houston dear houston office monday th july wednesday th july stopping ny return leg meet staff mg metals ny thursday th july suggestion lloyd fleming co ordinationg rac activities integration mg metals probably take day leave friday st would mean back london office monday th july regards anjam p usual contactable cellular lotus notes
"Subject: re : mg metals : additional areas to look at  dear richard ,  thanks for your message - i just met lloyd fleming who is setting up meetings  for me and getting me some of the information requested . houston research  has started on this process , but i believe that i will take over from here -  i am in houston in 10 days time and will also discuss initial findings with  them .  regards ,  anjam hmad  london research  x 35383  richard sage  30 / 06 / 2000 09 : 50  to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : mg metals : additional areas to look at  phil redman will come to see you to capture appropriate tasks on the overall  project plan and identify dependencies .  i hope lloyd has kept you up to date so far .  i have added you to the address list for daily updates affecting the support  functions .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard sage / lon / ect on 30 / 06 / 2000 09 : 50  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe  from : anjam ahmad 30 / 06 / 2000 09 : 46  to : lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn  hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  subject : mg metals : additional areas to look at  dear lloyd & richard ,  i have been discussing with eric gadd about two particular areas of concern  that will affect the london research group . i believe there are a number of  issues to address to ensure that the integration goes smoothly from a risk  management and quantitative analysis perspective , and i have put together a  ( by no means exhaustive ) list : -  i ) seamless transfer of front and middle office systems from an exotic  options linking perspective ( e . g . their spreadsheets link to different option  pricing add - ins )  ii ) development of volatility curves and factor analysis to ensure that we  can capture metals risk in our var system ( we will require historical data  for this ) . i am sure bjorn will be looking to the research group to assist  in this matter .  iii ) ensure that mg staff on quant and risk side become familiar with our  methods and systems and vice versa  these tasks will involve a significant degree of cross - communication with  relevant contacts within mg metals , and so i look forward to starting on the  process as soon as possible - i hope to play a full part from a quantitative  research and risk management perspective to ensure that everything goes  smoothly in this exciting new development , so please do not hesitate to  involve me .  best regards ,  anjam ahmad  research  x 35383",0,mg metals additional areas look dear richard thanks message met lloyd fleming setting meetings getting information requested houston research started process believe take houston days time also discuss initial findings regards anjam hmad london research x richard sage anjam ahmad lon ect ect cc subject mg metals additional areas look phil redman come see capture appropriate tasks overall project plan identify dependencies hope lloyd kept date far added address list daily updates affecting support functions forwarded richard sage lon ect enron europe anjam ahmad lloyd fleming lon ect ect richard sage lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect subject mg metals additional areas look dear lloyd richard discussing eric gadd two particular areas concern affect london research group believe number issues address ensure integration goes smoothly risk management quantitative analysis perspective put together means exhaustive list seamless transfer front middle office systems exotic options linking perspective e g spreadsheets link different option pricing add ins ii development volatility curves factor analysis ensure capture metals risk var system require historical data sure bjorn looking research group assist matter iii ensure mg staff quant risk side become familiar methods systems vice versa tasks involve significant degree cross communication relevant contacts within mg metals look forward starting process soon possible hope play full part quantitative research risk management perspective ensure everything goes smoothly exciting new development please hesitate involve best regards anjam ahmad research x
"Subject: re : resume from a neural networks zealot  celeste ,  we can use this guy as a help for enron broad band svc ' s .  we are getting many projects in this area .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2000  07 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  konstantin mardanov on 01 / 24 / 2000 12 : 06 : 42 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : resume from a neural networks zealot  on wed , 20 oct 1999 , vince j kaminski wrote :  > konstantin ,  >  > i am sending your resume to the analyst / associate program  > with the recommendation to accept you as an intern in my group .  >  > vince  dear dr . kaminski ,  it has been a long time since i contacted you so i was wondering if  my resume had been considered for an internship in your group .  i will appreciate it very much if you let me know when i should expect  to learn about a decision on the issue .  thank you for you time .  sincerely ,  konstantin .  konstantin mardanov  department of physics , | 5012 duval st , apt . 206  university of texas @ austin , | austin , tx 78751 , u . s . a .  rlm 7 . 316 , austin , tx 78712 |  u . s . a . | phone : 001 ( 512 ) 374 - 1097  e - mail : mardanov @ physics . utexas . edu  url ( almost obsolete ) : http : / / www . niif . spb . su / ~ mardanov  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -",0,resume neural networks zealot celeste use guy help enron broad band svc getting many projects area vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect konstantin mardanov vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject resume neural networks zealot wed oct vince j kaminski wrote konstantin sending resume analyst associate program recommendation accept intern group vince dear dr kaminski long time since contacted wondering resume considered internship group appreciate much let know expect learn decision issue thank time sincerely konstantin konstantin mardanov department physics duval st apt university texas austin austin tx u rlm austin tx u phone e mail mardanov physics utexas edu url almost obsolete http www niif spb su mardanov
"Subject: the future of continuing education  select your state then press "" go "" to view ce courses available  ( aol users  click here )  al  ak  az  ar  ca  co  ct  de  dc  fl  ga  hi  id  il  in  ia  ks  ky  la  me  md  ma  mi  mn  ms  mo  mt  ne  nv  nh  nj  nm  ny  nc  nd  oh  ok  or  pa  ri  sc  sd  tn  tx  ut  vt  va  wa  wv  wi  wy  we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not  wish to receive them . this is a professional communication  sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing  list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,future continuing education select state press go view ce courses available aol users click al ak az ar ca co ct de dc fl ga hi id il ia ks ky la md mi mn ms mo mt ne nv nh nj nm ny nc nd oh ok pa ri sc sd tn tx ut vt va wa wv wi wy want anyone receive mailings wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: nymex  chris ,  the first file might have gone to a wrong chris long .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 09 / 27 / 2000  05 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : v charles weldon 09 / 27 / 2000 12 : 22 pm  to : christopher . long @ enron . com  cc : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : nymex  chris ,  here is the analysis you requested . let me know if i can be of any further  assistance .  charlie weldon",0,nymex chris first file might gone wrong chris long vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm enron north america corp v charles weldon pm christopher long enron com cc mike roberts hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject nymex chris analysis requested let know assistance charlie weldon
"Subject: from the enron india newsdesk - may 5 - 7 newsclips  stinson / vince ,  some news articles . do read the first one , and the second last one .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  05 / 07 / 2001 09 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nikita varma  05 / 07 / 2001 07 : 42 am  to : nikita varma / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : ( bcc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development )  subject : from the enron india newsdesk - may 5 - 7 newsclips  the economic times , may 7 , 2001  enron ceo casts vote to save dpc , tina edwin & soma banerjee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , may 7 , 2001  maha sore over delay in naming godbole nominee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india , 7 may , 2001  maharashtra ' unhappy ' with delay in naming godbole nominee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  business standard , monday , 7 may 2001  reliance allowed to hawk power from patalganga to third parties  arijit de , s ravindran & renni abraham in mumbai  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , may 7 , 2001  no need of patalganga , bhadravati power : mseb  also appeared in the following newspaper :  the times of india , may 7 , 2001  ' no need of patalganga , bhadravati power '  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  business standard , may 7 , 2001  global bankers ask govt to honour dpc obligations  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  business standard  saturday , 5 may , 2001 ,  ge may pull out as dpc supplier , s ravindran in mumbai  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  hindu businessline , may 5 , 2001  agenda for fresh talks with enron chalked out  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , may 6 , 2001  http : / / 216 . 34 . 146 . 167 : 8000 / servlet / form  godbole panel meets sans dabhol representation  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , may 5 , 2001  http : / / 216 . 34 . 146 . 167 : 8000 / servlet / form  ntpc not to buy power from enron : govt  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india , may 7 , 2001  mseb recovers rs 3 . 06 cr arrears in one day  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , may 7 , 2001  enron ceo casts vote to save dpc , tina edwin & soma banerjee  amul ' s creative directors may have gone back to ad - libbing ' enron or  enr - off ' , but for the big kahuna at the american utility , dabhol is still a  worthwhile project . while the entire enron board had almost decided to call  it quits and proceed with the termination of the $ 2 . 9 - billion power project  at dabhol , the veto exercised by the company chairman kenneth lay has saved  the project  * - at least for the timebeing . sources said the meeting held on  tuesday at the energy major ' s headquarters in houston could have sounded the  death knell for the only big foreign investment in the indian power sector .  although the future of the project is still pretty uncertain with the lenders  unwilling to continue disbursements unless payment obligations are not  honoured and contractual obligations left unfulfilled , the veto exercised at  this juncture by the chairman of the parent company has come as a big boost  to the indian venture . company sources said : "" we do not know what went on  there but it is true that as of now we are not pulling out . "" with the  engineering procurement and construction contractors ge and equipment  suppliers bechtel too in a cautious mode mode , dpc was finding it even more  difficult to continue the construction of the project as per the schedules .  sources said the stand taken by the rest of the directors on the board would  be in view of the backlash that the company would have to face from its  shareholders if the project actually flopped . enron had similar bitter  experiences in pakistan and it was difficult for the parent company to then  justify such investments to the shareholders .  enron , which had planned a major investments in india ' s infrastructure  sectors such as oil and gas , lng , gas transportation , telecom and broadband  network , has already pulled out most of their personnel from some of these  operations . the company ' s mous with various other majors like indian oil  corporation , too , is in a limbo and the us major ' s stake in the oil and gas  venture is up for grabs . however , even though lay is still hoping to find a  solution to the controversy back home , both dpc and mseb are still to get  down to negotiations .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , may 7 , 2001  maha sore over delay in naming godbole nominee  the maharashtra government has expressed ' unhappiness ' over the centre ' s  delay in appointing its nominee on the nine - member godbole committee to  renegotiate the power purchase agreement signed between enron - promoted  dabhol power company and state electricity board . "" the committee , which is  to hold discussions with enron officials from houston on may 11 , has only a  month ' s time for renegotiations and with dpc ' s termination notice threat  hanging on our head , time is actually running out . yet there is no official  to represent the union government , "" said a senior state government official .  "" there are media reports that the solicitor - general harish salve would be  appointed , but we are yet to hear anything from their side , "" he said .  the official said the state expected centre to announce its representative  before may 11 , as it would appreciate his crucial presence in the first  session of discussions with enron officials , lenders and gas suppliers .  sources in the mantralaya added the government had also been unhappy over  the centre ' s "" rigid stand "" on not allowing state - owned national thermal power  corporation to buy the excess capacity of dpc ' s total 2 , 184 - mw project .  "" let ntpc and power trading corporation of india come together and sell dpc ' s  surlpus power . we have already mooted this suggestion , but a favourable reply  is yet to come from the union power ministry , "" the official said .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india , 7 may , 2001  maharashtra ' unhappy ' with delay in naming godbole nominee  the maharashtra government has expressed ' unhappiness ' over the centre ' s  delay in appointing its nominee on the nine - member godbole committee to  renegotiate the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) signed between enron promoted  dabhol power company ( dpc ) and the maharashtra state electricity board  ( mseb ) . "" the committee , which is to hold discussions with enron officials  from houston on may 11 , has only a month ' s time for renegotiations and with  dpc ' s termination notice threat hanging on our head , time is actually running  out . yet there is no official to represent the union government , "" a senior  state government official said here on sunday . "" there are media reports that  solicitor general harish salve would be appointed , but we are yet to hear  anything from their side , "" he said .  the official said that the state expected the centre to announce their  representative before may 11 , as it would appreciate his crucial presence in  the first session of discussions with enron officials , lenders and gas  suppliers . sources in the mantralaya added that the government had also been  unhappy over the centre ' s rigid stand on not allowing state - owned national  thermal power corporation ( ntpc ) to buy the excess capacity of dpc ' s total  2 , 184 mw project . "" let ntpc and power trading corporation of india ( ptc ) come  together and sell dpc ' s surlpus power . we have already mooted this  suggestion , but a favourable reply is yet to come from the union power  ministry , "" the official said . the official said that the centre , which was  also responsible for dpc project as it has provided counter guarantee to  enron india , should form a special purpose vehicle for sale of the excess  power to other states . the state government ' s reaction comes in wake of union  power minister suresh prabhu ' s discussion with chief minister vilasrao  deshmukh in delhi few days ago . it was learnt that prabhu told deshmukh  "" there is no question of ntpc buying power from the project since long term  ppas have been signed by ntpc with the buying states "" .  deshmukh had suggested that the central power utility should sell excess  power over and above the 300 - 400 mw needed for the state from the dpc ' s 740  mw phase - i and soon to be commissioned phase - ii of 1 , 444 mw , to other needy  states . considering the high cost of power generated from dpc , which during  the recent months has hovered around rs 7 per unit as against an average cost  of rs 2 . 30 - 2 . 80 a unit from central and state utilities , there would be few  takers for the power from dabhol , the power minister reportedly said .  "" deficit states will buy dpc power only when the cost of power is brought  down , "" he said , adding power ministry would facilitate wheelng of this power  to the buyers .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  business standard , monday , 7 may 2001  reliance allowed to hawk power from patalganga to third parties  arijit de , s ravindran & renni abraham in mumbai  in an unusual departure from normal practice , the maharashtra government has  allowed the reliance group to sell power generated by its 447 - mw patalganga  power project directly to third parties if the maharashtra state  electricity board ( mseb ) does not lift power . the project  , s power purchase  agreement ( ppa ) has a clause to this effect . the state government  , s  permission to reliance to hawk power to third parties has to be seen in the  context of its dithering on forwarding to the centre the dabhol power  company  , s bid for mega power status so that it could sell power to third  parties .  dpc sources told business standard several weeks ago that the company  , s  application had been pending with the chief minister  , s office for months .  only now has the state government authorised the godbole committee to  negotiate with dpc on third party sales outside the state . the dpc project  is facing the threat of closure following mseb  , s inability to buy power from  it , thanks to the board  , s weak financial position . not only can the  reliance group sell power to third parties within maharashtra , but it can  sell power to utilities outside the state . the ppa does not expressly bar it  from doing so . nor does it specify the category of customers to whom power  can be sold . so , in effect , this suggests that the group could sell power to  industrial and commercial customers in maharashtra and emerge as a rival to  the mseb . the state electricity board derives over 80 per cent of its revenue  from such consumers .  apart from captive power plants , independent power producers in india are  allowed to sell power only to state electricity boards . they can sell power  outside the state only if they qualify for mega power project status . with  its 447 - mw capacity , the patalganga project is not eligible for such status  because mega power rojects are supposed to have a minimum capacity of 1 , 000  mw . speaking on the sidelines of a press conference last week , reliance  industries managing director anil ambani told business standard : a provision  in third parties . ambani was answering a question on whether the mseb  , s weak  financials and inability to offer escrow cover to the project as emphasised  in the godbole committee report set up to defuse the dabhol crisis would  derail the patalganga project .  the ppa does not have any express restriction as to third party sale outside  the state , a reliance spokesperson confirmed on friday in a faxed response  to questions . a senior mseb official explained that the state government  cleared private power projects some years ago on the basis of the  unrealistically high demand projections contained in a report by a former  mseb official . subsequently , it was realised that the state would be stuck  with excess power . so the reliance group was permitted to sell power to third  parties , he said . the patalganga project along with the ispat group  , s 1 , 082  mw bhadravati project has been put on hold till the godbole committee submits  its second  report .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , may 7 , 2001  no need of patalganga , bhadravati power : mseb  the axe seems to have finally fallen on the much - delayed reliance  industries - promoted patalganga and ispat industries ' bhadravati power  projects in maharashtra as the state electricity board has firmly told the  government that "" there is no need of these projects nor their power "" . the  loss - making board has communicated to the government that mseb had "" no  interest "" in patalganga and bhadravati , as it did not have escrow - able  capacity and also that industrial demand for power had slowed down  tremendously in maharashtra , state government sources said here on sunday .  "" in last november itself , mseb had sent an official intimation to the state  government informing its decision in favour of cancellation of the two  projects on several grounds - - including they being unviable and  unaffordable , "" sources said . "" reliance ' s project is no different from that of  dpc ' s . patalganga is also naphtha - based and its ppa is on similar lines . . .  after the enron experience , mseb cannot even dream of another gas - based  power plant in the state , "" a senior mseb official said . he said mseb has  already asked the state government not to provide escrow to both the 447 - mw  patalganga and the 1 , 084 - mw coal - based bhadravati , "" as the us energy major  has almost squeezed us of all over finances "" . when contacted , mseb chairman  vinay bansal said : "" reliance and ispat projects have been put on hold as per  the godbole committee ' s recommendations "" , but expressed inability to give  further details .  currently , bhadravati and patalganga projects have been put on hold as per  godbole committee report , which was set up to review the dpc - mseb ppa and  energy scenario in maharashtra . "" can you go ahead with the project without an  escrow cover ? "" the committee was believed to have asked ispat and reliance  representatives , to which the reply had been negative , sources added .  sources said , as of now , both the projects have not been able to achieve  financial closure as leading financial institutions were not willing to  fund the projects which do not have a "" guaranteed payment "" mechanism from  mseb , which , incidentally it has promised to dpc . "" all the three were cleared  as ' fast - track ' projects , but other than enron , reliance and ispat have been  caught in a quagmire , especially bhadravati , which has been hanging afire  since last nine years , "" they added .  moreover , the mseb official opined that given the current situation , if dpc  calls it quits from india , bhadravati was a safer bet than reliance ' s  patalganga . patalganga ' s power would be mere 50 paise less than that of dpc ' s  that ranges anywhere around approximately rs 4 . 50 per unit to as high as rs  7 , while bhadravati ' s cost could be around rs 3 . 80 to rs 4 per unit , he  informed . mseb ' s installed capacity ended on march 31 , 2001 , wasl 4 , 000 mw and  it has generated 45 , 000 million units with transmission and distribution  losses as high as 39 per cent . ( pti )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  business standard , may 7 , 2001  global bankers ask govt to honour dpc obligations  tamal bandyopadhyay , surajeet dasgupta & santosh tiwary in mumbai / newdelhi  global arrangers for the dabhol power company have mounted fresh pressure on  the finance ministry to honour the union government  , s counter - guarantee and  have also set strict conditions for reconsidering the termination of the  power purchase agreement ( ppa ) between the dpc and the maharashtra state  electricity board ( mseb ) . in a related development , the dpc has sent a note  to all lenders saying they would have to bear the consequences of the turn  of events as they have prevented the dpc from serving the ppa termination  notice last month .  the lenders . in their turn , sent a statement - - prepared by the new  york - based legal firm white & case - - defending their stance saying they are  working in the best interest of the project . the lenders are expected to  meet in london over the next fortnight to take stock of the situation . the  deadline for resolving the issues are drawing to a close as 10 days of the  three - week reprieve have passed . at the dpc board meeting in london on may  25 , the lenders had managed to stall the issuance of the termination  notice and got three weeks  , time for themselves to convince the centre as  well as the maharashtra government to resolve the impasse on the  controversial project . in a letter to finance secretary ajit kumar dated  april 30 , the global arrangers said the government must own up its  responsibility and meet its obligations without further delay . among the  stiff conditions , set by the arrangers , are the demand that the central  government ensure payment of all the pending bills of mseb for december  2000 , january 2001 , february 2001 and march 2001 which remain unpaid  without any protest or reservation by may 7 ( monday ) .  any payment previously made under  & protest  8 should be made free and clear of  such protest or any other reservation , and the center should ensure timely  payment of future bills by mseb , they said . meanwhile , sources said that the  finance secretary was expected to meet the international lenders to the  dabhol projects in london stand on the issue . the lenders  , list of demands  also include asking mseb to take steps required under the existing  contracts to activate the escrow arrangements put in place at the time of  financial close of phase ii of the project by may 7 .  they have demanded that the union government and the maharashtra government  should take all required actions to ensure that no government agency will  take any step to impede the operation of phase i or the construction and  operation of phase ii without due cause . the lenders have also asked them to  ensure that the relevant customs authorities permit import of all goods and  equipment required for the project by may 21 . csfb , anz export finance ,  citi , bank of america and abn amro are the global arrangers for both phase i  as well as phase ii of the project .  the state bank of india , which is also a global arranger for phase ii , did  not sign the letter . "" ten days have passed since the lenders bought three  weeks time from the company delaying its declaration of the termination of  the ppa . since then , nothing has moved at the material level barring mseb ' s  payment of the january bill to the tune of rs 134 crore under protest , "" said  a source among the global arrangers . come forward to meet its obligations  the lenders are planning to meet around mid - may in london and this time  they will be left with no choice but to give the go - ahead to the company to  terminate the ppa unless the finance ministry comes forward to settle the  issue , the source added . the lenders are , however , not ready to take the  blame for any delay in the termination of ppa as implied by the company . the  white & case statement said the lenders are concerned about the fate of the  project and they are exploring all intermediate steps before choosing the  last option - - termination of ppa .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  business standard , saturday , 5 may , 2001  ge may pull out as dpc supplier , s ravindran in mumbai  after us - based bechtel , it is now the turn of general electric to review its  participation as equipment supplier to the controversial 2 , 184 - mw power  project in maharashtra , being set up by the dabhol power company . bechtel is  the epc contractor to the project while ge has supplied the equipment ,  primarily turbines . general electric , like bechtel , also holds 10 per cent in  dabhol power company ( dpc ) . and both bechtel and general electric are worried  about future payments from dpc . sources familiar with the project said that  so far dpc has not defaulted in its payments to general electric . what is  worrying general electric is the possible scenario after june 7 , when about  700 mw power will be commissioned after the second phase trial runs .  dpc and the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) have been locked in a  payments dispute for months . if mseb continues with its stance , dpc in turn  may not be able to pay general electric . in such a situation , ge may walk out  of the project . a final decision will be taken only in june , said sources .  general electric did not respond to a faxed questionnaire sent by business  standard . senior executives at its public relations agency burson  marsteller roger pereira said that only dpc executives were authorised to  speak on the issue . the dpc spokesman declined to comment on the issue .  the first phase of the 740 mw has already been commissioned . after the second  phase of 1 , 444 mwis commissioned by december , 2001 , mseb will have to pay  dpc a minimum of rs 500 crore per month . the escrow account for this was to  have been made operational by april 7 , 2001 . mseb has refused to do this .  earlier , dpc had invoked the political force majeure clause in its contract  with the board . mseb is now arguing that the invocation of this clause has  absolved dpc of all its liabilities .  consequently , it will not operationalise the escrow account . this casts a  further shadow over dpc  , s ability to pay general electric and bechtel . this  is worrying the lenders to the project as well . the situation has taken a  turn for the worse with dpc practically refusing to re - negotiate the contract  for the second phase with the godbole panel constituted by the maharashtra  government .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  hindu businessline , may 5 , 2001  agenda for fresh talks with enron chalked out  officials of the state government , maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb )  and members of the madhav godbole committee , which recently submitted its  review on the dabhol power project , met here on saturday . the meeting was to  ` ` chart the agenda for renegotiation with enron officials , ' ' a senior mseb  official said . enron officials were scheduled to attend this meeting but  backed out on may 3 . enron had informed the state government that it would  not accept the recommendations of the godbole committee .  ` it is understandable that the company does not find the recommendations  acceptable . but the report is not bound to personal opinions , ' ' the official  said . the next meeting to decide the direction of renegotiation process with  enron is scheduled on may 11 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , may 6 , 2001  godbole panel meets sans dabhol representation  the godbole committee , set up for renegotiating the estranged power purchase  agreement between us energy major enron - promoted dabhol power company and the  state electricity board on saturday held its first internal meeting sans  representatives of the multinational . "" it was an internal meeting to take  stock of the current situation and decide on matter pertaining to the may 11  meet with officials of enron , ge , bechtel and dpc ' s foreign lenders , "" said  state government sources . the meeting , which lasted for almost four hours ,  discussed a strategy to present the committee ' s recommendations made public  last month , they said .  of the nine members of the committee , saturday ' s meeting was attended by five  members - - including godbole , mseb chairman vinay bansal , state energy  secretary v m lal , state finance secretary sudhir shrivastava and kirit  parekh of indira gandhi institute of developmental research . those absent  were hdfc chairman deepak parekh , teri director r k pachauri , former union  energy secretary eas sarma and yet - to - be - appointed representatives of the  centre and central electricity authority . the negotiating committee would  suggest solutions to bring down the exorbitant power tariff , separating of  the liquefied natural gas facility , restructuring of dpc and allowing sale of  excess power through central utilities mainly the national thermal power  corporation , said sources . ( pti  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , may 5 , 2001  ntpc not to buy power from enron : govt  the centre has ruled out the possibility of national thermal power  corporation buying power generated by us energy giant enron - promoted dabhol  power company . union power minister suresh prabhu is learnt to have stated  this during the meeting with maharashtra chief minister vilasrao deshmukh  last month , convened by the finance minister yashwant sinha to discuss the  enron crisis , said government sources on friday .  prabhu had pointed out that "" there is no question of ntpc buying power from  the project since long - term power purchase agreements have been signed by  ntpc with the buying states "" . maharashtra chief minister vilasrao deshmukh  during the meeting suggested that the central power utility sell the excess  power over and above the 300 - 400 mw needed for the state from the 740 mw  phase - i and soon - to - be - commissioned phase - ii of 1 , 444 - mw , to other needy  states . when contacted , prabhu said the entire controversy over payment  default by maharashtra state electricity board owing to high cost of power  generated by dpc had to be resolved between the state government , and dpc and  centre had very limited role to play . dpc has already slapped one  conciliation notice on the centre and three arbitration notices on the state  government over non - payment of dues amounting to rs 213 - crore - plus interest  rate towards bills due for the months of december 2000 and january 2001 . ( pti )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india , may 7 , 2001  mseb recovers rs 3 . 06 cr arrears in one day  in a special day - long drive , nagpur rural zone of maharashtra state  electricity board ( mseb ) has recovered rs 3 . 06 crore as arrears from the  defaulters who had to pay a handsome dividend , and disconnectedl 5 , 000  connections of erring customers last week . according to mseb sources , under  the drive , initiated by chief engineer manohar bapat , with the assistance of  about 5 , 000 employees including engineers , accounts staff and linesmen , a  door - to - door campaign was launched to meet 25 , 000 customers , leading to the  recovery of the dues . power supply to 15 , 000 customers were disconnected on  the spot due to non - payment of arrears in chandrapur , gadchiroli , wardha ,  bhandara , gondia and nagpur districts , it said in a release . the drive met  with stiff resistence from public and the police were called in at many  places to assist the powermen , it added .",0,enron india newsdesk may newsclips stinson vince news articles read first one second last one regards sandeep forwarded sandeep kohli enron development nikita varma nikita varma enron development enron development cc bcc sandeep kohli enron development subject enron india newsdesk may newsclips economic times may enron ceo casts vote save dpc tina edwin soma banerjee economic times may maha sore delay naming godbole nominee times india may maharashtra unhappy delay naming godbole nominee business standard monday may reliance allowed hawk power patalganga third parties arijit de ravindran renni abraham mumbai economic times may need patalganga bhadravati power mseb also appeared following newspaper times india may need patalganga bhadravati power business standard may global bankers ask govt honour dpc obligations business standard saturday may ge may pull dpc supplier ravindran mumbai hindu businessline may agenda fresh talks enron chalked economic times may http servlet form godbole panel meets sans dabhol representation economic times may http servlet form ntpc buy power enron govt times india may mseb recovers rs cr arrears one day economic times may enron ceo casts vote save dpc tina edwin soma banerjee amul creative directors may gone back ad libbing enron enr big kahuna american utility dabhol still worthwhile project entire enron board almost decided call quits proceed termination billion power project dabhol veto exercised company chairman kenneth lay saved project least timebeing sources said meeting held tuesday energy major headquarters houston could sounded death knell big foreign investment indian power sector although future project still pretty uncertain lenders unwilling continue disbursements unless payment obligations honoured contractual obligations left unfulfilled veto exercised juncture chairman parent company come big boost indian venture company sources said know went true pulling engineering procurement construction contractors ge equipment suppliers bechtel cautious mode mode dpc finding even difficult continue construction project per schedules sources said stand taken rest directors board would view backlash company would face shareholders project actually flopped enron similar bitter experiences pakistan difficult parent company justify investments shareholders enron planned major investments india infrastructure sectors oil gas lng gas transportation telecom broadband network already pulled personnel operations company mous various majors like indian oil corporation limbo us major stake oil gas venture grabs however even though lay still hoping find solution controversy back home dpc mseb still get negotiations economic times may maha sore delay naming godbole nominee maharashtra government expressed unhappiness centre delay appointing nominee nine member godbole committee renegotiate power purchase agreement signed enron promoted dabhol power company state electricity board committee hold discussions enron officials houston may month time renegotiations dpc termination notice threat hanging head time actually running yet official represent union government said senior state government official media reports solicitor general harish salve would appointed yet hear anything side said official said state expected centre announce representative may would appreciate crucial presence first session discussions enron officials lenders gas suppliers sources mantralaya added government also unhappy centre rigid stand allowing state owned national thermal power corporation buy excess capacity dpc total mw project let ntpc power trading corporation india come together sell dpc surlpus power already mooted suggestion favourable reply yet come union power ministry official said times india may maharashtra unhappy delay naming godbole nominee maharashtra government expressed unhappiness centre delay appointing nominee nine member godbole committee renegotiate power purchase agreement ppa signed enron promoted dabhol power company dpc maharashtra state electricity board mseb committee hold discussions enron officials houston may month time renegotiations dpc termination notice threat hanging head time actually running yet official represent union government senior state government official said sunday media reports solicitor general harish salve would appointed yet hear anything side said official said state expected centre announce representative may would appreciate crucial presence first session discussions enron officials lenders gas suppliers sources mantralaya added government also unhappy centre rigid stand allowing state owned national thermal power corporation ntpc buy excess capacity dpc total mw project let ntpc power trading corporation india ptc come together sell dpc surlpus power already mooted suggestion favourable reply yet come union power ministry official said official said centre also responsible dpc project provided counter guarantee enron india form special purpose vehicle sale excess power states state government reaction comes wake union power minister suresh prabhu discussion chief minister vilasrao deshmukh delhi days ago learnt prabhu told deshmukh question ntpc buying power project since long term ppas signed ntpc buying states deshmukh suggested central power utility sell excess power mw needed state dpc mw phase soon commissioned phase ii mw needy states considering high cost power generated dpc recent months hovered around rs per unit average cost rs unit central state utilities would takers power dabhol power minister reportedly said deficit states buy dpc power cost power brought said adding power ministry would facilitate wheelng power buyers business standard monday may reliance allowed hawk power patalganga third parties arijit de ravindran renni abraham mumbai unusual departure normal practice maharashtra government allowed reliance group sell power generated mw patalganga power project directly third parties maharashtra state electricity board mseb lift power project power purchase agreement ppa clause effect state government permission reliance hawk power third parties seen context dithering forwarding centre dabhol power company bid mega power status could sell power third parties dpc sources told business standard several weeks ago company application pending chief minister office months state government authorised godbole committee negotiate dpc third party sales outside state dpc project facing threat closure following mseb inability buy power thanks board weak financial position reliance group sell power third parties within maharashtra sell power utilities outside state ppa expressly bar specify category customers power sold effect suggests group could sell power industrial commercial customers maharashtra emerge rival mseb state electricity board derives per cent revenue consumers apart captive power plants independent power producers india allowed sell power state electricity boards sell power outside state qualify mega power project status mw capacity patalganga project eligible status mega power rojects supposed minimum capacity mw speaking sidelines press conference last week reliance industries managing director anil ambani told business standard provision third parties ambani answering question whether mseb weak financials inability offer escrow cover project emphasised godbole committee report set defuse dabhol crisis would derail patalganga project ppa express restriction third party sale outside state reliance spokesperson confirmed friday faxed response questions senior mseb official explained state government cleared private power projects years ago basis unrealistically high demand projections contained report former mseb official subsequently realised state would stuck excess power reliance group permitted sell power third parties said patalganga project along ispat group mw bhadravati project put hold till godbole committee submits second report economic times may need patalganga bhadravati power mseb axe seems finally fallen much delayed reliance industries promoted patalganga ispat industries bhadravati power projects maharashtra state electricity board firmly told government need projects power loss making board communicated government mseb interest patalganga bhadravati escrow able capacity also industrial demand power slowed tremendously maharashtra state government sources said sunday last november mseb sent official intimation state government informing decision favour cancellation two projects several grounds including unviable unaffordable sources said reliance project different dpc patalganga also naphtha based ppa similar lines enron experience mseb even dream another gas based power plant state senior mseb official said said mseb already asked state government provide escrow mw patalganga mw coal based bhadravati us energy major almost squeezed us finances contacted mseb chairman vinay bansal said reliance ispat projects put hold per godbole committee recommendations expressed inability give details currently bhadravati patalganga projects put hold per godbole committee report set review dpc mseb ppa energy scenario maharashtra go ahead project without escrow cover committee believed asked ispat reliance representatives reply negative sources added sources said projects able achieve financial closure leading financial institutions willing fund projects guaranteed payment mechanism mseb incidentally promised dpc three cleared fast track projects enron reliance ispat caught quagmire especially bhadravati hanging afire since last nine years added moreover mseb official opined given current situation dpc calls quits india bhadravati safer bet reliance patalganga patalganga power would mere paise less dpc ranges anywhere around approximately rs per unit high rs bhadravati cost could around rs rs per unit informed mseb installed capacity ended march wasl mw generated million units transmission distribution losses high per cent pti business standard may global bankers ask govt honour dpc obligations tamal bandyopadhyay surajeet dasgupta santosh tiwary mumbai newdelhi global arrangers dabhol power company mounted fresh pressure finance ministry honour union government counter guarantee also set strict conditions reconsidering termination power purchase agreement ppa dpc maharashtra state electricity board mseb related development dpc sent note lenders saying would bear consequences turn events prevented dpc serving ppa termination notice last month lenders turn sent statement prepared new york based legal firm white case defending stance saying working best interest project lenders expected meet london next fortnight take stock situation deadline resolving issues drawing close days three week reprieve passed dpc board meeting london may lenders managed stall issuance termination notice got three weeks time convince centre well maharashtra government resolve impasse controversial project letter finance secretary ajit kumar dated april global arrangers said government must responsibility meet obligations without delay among stiff conditions set arrangers demand central government ensure payment pending bills mseb december january february march remain unpaid without protest reservation may monday payment previously made protest made free clear protest reservation center ensure timely payment future bills mseb said meanwhile sources said finance secretary expected meet international lenders dabhol projects london stand issue lenders list demands also include asking mseb take steps required existing contracts activate escrow arrangements put place time financial close phase ii project may demanded union government maharashtra government take required actions ensure government agency take step impede operation phase construction operation phase ii without due cause lenders also asked ensure relevant customs authorities permit import goods equipment required project may csfb anz export finance citi bank america abn amro global arrangers phase well phase ii project state bank india also global arranger phase ii sign letter ten days passed since lenders bought three weeks time company delaying declaration termination ppa since nothing moved material level barring mseb payment january bill tune rs crore protest said source among global arrangers come forward meet obligations lenders planning meet around mid may london time left choice give go ahead company terminate ppa unless finance ministry comes forward settle issue source added lenders however ready take blame delay termination ppa implied company white case statement said lenders concerned fate project exploring intermediate steps choosing last option termination ppa business standard saturday may ge may pull dpc supplier ravindran mumbai us based bechtel turn general electric review participation equipment supplier controversial mw power project maharashtra set dabhol power company bechtel epc contractor project ge supplied equipment primarily turbines general electric like bechtel also holds per cent dabhol power company dpc bechtel general electric worried future payments dpc sources familiar project said far dpc defaulted payments general electric worrying general electric possible scenario june mw power commissioned second phase trial runs dpc maharashtra state electricity board mseb locked payments dispute months mseb continues stance dpc turn may able pay general electric situation ge may walk project final decision taken june said sources general electric respond faxed questionnaire sent business standard senior executives public relations agency burson marsteller roger pereira said dpc executives authorised speak issue dpc spokesman declined comment issue first phase mw already commissioned second phase mwis commissioned december mseb pay dpc minimum rs crore per month escrow account made operational april mseb refused earlier dpc invoked political force majeure clause contract board mseb arguing invocation clause absolved dpc liabilities consequently operationalise escrow account casts shadow dpc ability pay general electric bechtel worrying lenders project well situation taken turn worse dpc practically refusing negotiate contract second phase godbole panel constituted maharashtra government hindu businessline may agenda fresh talks enron chalked officials state government maharashtra state electricity board mseb members madhav godbole committee recently submitted review dabhol power project met saturday meeting chart agenda renegotiation enron officials senior mseb official said enron officials scheduled attend meeting backed may enron informed state government would accept recommendations godbole committee understandable company find recommendations acceptable report bound personal opinions official said next meeting decide direction renegotiation process enron scheduled may economic times may godbole panel meets sans dabhol representation godbole committee set renegotiating estranged power purchase agreement us energy major enron promoted dabhol power company state electricity board saturday held first internal meeting sans representatives multinational internal meeting take stock current situation decide matter pertaining may meet officials enron ge bechtel dpc foreign lenders said state government sources meeting lasted almost four hours discussed strategy present committee recommendations made public last month said nine members committee saturday meeting attended five members including godbole mseb chairman vinay bansal state energy secretary v lal state finance secretary sudhir shrivastava kirit parekh indira gandhi institute developmental research absent hdfc chairman deepak parekh teri director r k pachauri former union energy secretary eas sarma yet appointed representatives centre central electricity authority negotiating committee would suggest solutions bring exorbitant power tariff separating liquefied natural gas facility restructuring dpc allowing sale excess power central utilities mainly national thermal power corporation said sources pti economic times may ntpc buy power enron govt centre ruled possibility national thermal power corporation buying power generated us energy giant enron promoted dabhol power company union power minister suresh prabhu learnt stated meeting maharashtra chief minister vilasrao deshmukh last month convened finance minister yashwant sinha discuss enron crisis said government sources friday prabhu pointed question ntpc buying power project since long term power purchase agreements signed ntpc buying states maharashtra chief minister vilasrao deshmukh meeting suggested central power utility sell excess power mw needed state mw phase soon commissioned phase ii mw needy states contacted prabhu said entire controversy payment default maharashtra state electricity board owing high cost power generated dpc resolved state government dpc centre limited role play dpc already slapped one conciliation notice centre three arbitration notices state government non payment dues amounting rs crore plus interest rate towards bills due months december january pti times india may mseb recovers rs cr arrears one day special day long drive nagpur rural zone maharashtra state electricity board mseb recovered rs crore arrears defaulters pay handsome dividend disconnectedl connections erring customers last week according mseb sources drive initiated chief engineer manohar bapat assistance employees including engineers accounts staff linesmen door door campaign launched meet customers leading recovery dues power supply customers disconnected spot due non payment arrears chandrapur gadchiroli wardha bhandara gondia nagpur districts said release drive met stiff resistence public police called many places assist powermen added
"Subject: when will the real estate bubble burst ? - live meeting july 21 st on alternative investments  event date : thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est , 2 : 30 pm  est , and 7 : 30 pm estwith top - ranked alternative  investment manager , michael mansfield  to register for this complimentary  event , go to http : / / www . forex - day - trading . com / forex - online - registration . htm .  even warren buffett is negative on real estate - "" the  biggest financial bubble in  history ""  warren buffett , the second richest man in the world ,  recently sold his house in laguna for $ 3 . 5 million . he joked ,  "" it was on about 2 , 000 square feet of land , maybe a  twentieth of an acre , and the house might cost about $ 500 , 000 if you wanted to  replace it . so the land sold for something like $ 60 million an acre . "" [ if you  want to read more about this , you can go to cnn ' s website at http : / / money . cnn . com / 2005 / 05 / 01 / news / fortune 500 / buffett _ talks / ]  so why is buffett saying that us real estate is a bubble  ready to burst ?  and why is buffett betting against the us dollar ? [ note :  buffett made $ 1 . 63 billion in foreign currency ( fx ) gains from the dollar ? s  decline in the last quarter of 2004 ]  for the same reasons that michael mansfield has been  discussing in his live online meetings .  who is michael mansfield ?  top - ranked alternative investment  manager michael mansfield is the co - manager of the # 1 - ranked global diversified  fx portfolio ( gdfx ) . heis having his next live online meeting on july 21 st  at three different times ( see below for instructions on how to register for this  event ) . gdfx was up 31 . 87 % in 2004 and was ranked # 1 by eurekahedge . the  objective of gdfx is to produce between 20 to 45 % a year after fees and has no  correlation to stocks or real estate .  what will be covered ?  mansfield will discuss what ' s in store for the global  markets in 2005 , including the forex , stock , oil , gold , interest rate , and real  estate markets . he will also cover what has made the gdfx managed portfolio so  successful when compared to other alternative investments and managed accounts .  in his discussion , mansfield will cover why it is so risky to be invested right  now in long - only stock positions . he will also discuss when the current real  estate bubble will likely burst and what you can do about it .  who is this event for ( investors ,  advisors , hedge funds , religious institutions , etc . ) ?  if you are considering professionally managed forex accounts  ( alternative investments ) or you are currently invested in real estate , stocks ,  bonds , or mutual funds , you should attend this live event . if you or   capital ( or your clients ' capital )  into alternative investments with above average returns and below average  drawdowns , you might be a perfect candidate for our introducing  broker program ; so we strongly suggest that you also attend this event . ( due  to the demand that we have experienced for mansfield ? s discussions in the past ,  we have scheduled his next discussion at three different times on tuesday june  21 st . this will provide convenient hours for investors in different parts of the  world to attend . please use the link below to register for any of the times  provided :  registration for this  event  thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est ( miami , fl , usa )  ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 02 : 30 pm est  ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st  at 07 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local  time )  some of mansfield ? s notable  accomplishments  - # 1 ranked manager by eureka hedge for april 04 -  top - ranked manager in futures magazine for march 00 - called a large  additional sell off in the nyse on aug 01 - called the us stock market crash  of 1987 - master market technician with uncanny forecasting ability -  co - manager of the global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx )  space for this event is limited and will be filled on  a first - come - first serve basis .  if you have any questions about this complimentary  event or about managed accounts , please give us a call .  sincerely ,  joe loraforexmanaged account  departmenthttp : / / www . forexdaytrading . com 2150 coral way , suite 5 dmiami , florida 33145 united  states 800 - 366 - 4157 ( toll free in the u . s . and canada ) 786 - 866 - 8733  ( international )  to unsubscribe , please go to the link  below : ",1,real estate bubble burst live meeting july st alternative investments event date thursday july st est pm est pm estwith top ranked alternative investment manager michael mansfield register complimentary event go http www forex day trading com forex online registration htm even warren buffett negative real estate biggest financial bubble history warren buffett second richest man world recently sold house laguna million joked square feet land maybe twentieth acre house might cost wanted replace land sold something like million acre want read go cnn website http money cnn com news fortune buffett talks buffett saying us real estate bubble ready burst buffett betting us dollar note buffett made billion foreign currency fx gains dollar decline last quarter reasons michael mansfield discussing live online meetings michael mansfield top ranked alternative investment manager michael mansfield co manager ranked global diversified fx portfolio gdfx heis next live online meeting july st three different times see instructions register event gdfx ranked eurekahedge objective gdfx produce year fees correlation stocks real estate covered mansfield discuss store global markets including forex stock oil gold interest rate real estate markets also cover made gdfx managed portfolio successful compared alternative investments managed accounts discussion mansfield cover risky invested right long stock positions also discuss current real estate bubble likely burst event investors advisors hedge funds religious institutions etc considering professionally managed forex accounts alternative investments currently invested real estate stocks bonds mutual funds attend live event capital clients capital alternative investments average returns average drawdowns might perfect candidate introducing broker program strongly suggest also attend event due demand experienced mansfield discussions past scheduled next discussion three different times tuesday june st provide convenient hours investors different parts world attend please use link register times provided registration event thursday july st est miami fl usa please convert local time thursday july st pm est miami fl usa please convert local time thursday july st pm est miami fl usa please convert local time mansfield notable accomplishments ranked manager eureka hedge april top ranked manager futures magazine march called large additional sell nyse aug called us stock market crash master market technician uncanny forecasting ability co manager global diversified fx portfolio gdfx space event limited filled first come first serve basis questions complimentary event managed accounts please give us call sincerely joe loraforexmanaged account departmenthttp www forexdaytrading com coral way suite dmiami florida united states toll free u canada international unsubscribe please go link
"Subject: organisational change  as a continuation of the integration of enron metals into enron europe we are  pleased to announce the following organisational changes which become  effective immediately .  tom mckeever , presently chairman of enron metals will move into the role of  vice chairman enron europe reporting directly to john sherriff and michael  brown . tom will focus on developing our key senior business relationships  across all of enron europe .  joe gold will become president of enron metals responsible for the entire  organization . we will announce joe ' s replacement for managing our trading  and origination efforts on the continent in the near future .  michael farmer and michael hutchinson will continue in their roles managing  the metals ' s merchanting and financial trading businesses respectively .  please join us in congratulating tom and joe on their new roles .  from the enron europe office of the chairman",0,organisational change continuation integration enron metals enron europe pleased announce following organisational changes become effective immediately tom mckeever presently chairman enron metals move role vice chairman enron europe reporting directly john sherriff michael brown tom focus developing key senior business relationships across enron europe joe gold become president enron metals responsible entire organization announce joe replacement managing trading origination efforts continent near future michael farmer michael hutchinson continue roles managing metals merchanting financial trading businesses respectively please join us congratulating tom joe new roles enron europe office chairman
"Subject: re : research sign off  i totally agree . what you list is all we are after .  steven leppard  29 / 01 / 2001 15 : 45  to : james new / lon / ect @ ect  cc : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / lon / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : research sign off  james  i agree with what you say - my view is that research can :  - assess a model ;  - state what the model does ;  - give a view of how closely the model achieves its objectives ;  - assess what the risks of using the model are .  it is for rac to determine whether enron is prepared to accept this risk . i  discussed this issue with ted , and he seems to agree with this broad  splitting of responsibilities .  steve  james new  29 / 01 / 2001 13 : 59  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , ted  murphy / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : research sign off  steve ,  i understand your comments but the ' sign off ' is a cross functional thing and  research are effectively only being asked to sign off their part which is  broadly as you describe below . if you have doubts as to the interpretation of  a research sign off then it should be qualified to state what you are  prepared to sign off on . other functions should be asked to do like wise for  their area which will mean that when all areas have signed off their part  the picture is complete . somebody needs to coordinate this and usually in  london it is the risk management guy .  does this make sense ?  steven leppard  24 / 01 / 2001 09 : 42  to : sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect  cc : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect ,  vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : research sign off  hi sharad  i note from our discussion earlier this morning that you ' ve been asked to  sign off a calculation from another group , which is something we ' re asked to  do from time to time .  i take the view that we in research can assess a computation in terms of what  it achieves with respect to its requirements , what its shortfalls are , and  therefore what the risks associated with using this method are . we cannot  provide an opinion on whether these risks are acceptable to enron , which i  feel falls firmly within rac territory .  this then raises the question of can research sign off anything for other  groups after all ? to "" sign off "" means to accept something , which our opinion  in itself cannot do . it is most appropriate for us to provide a technical  note outlining the methodology , risks and shortcomings of a method , leaving  the formal "" sign off "" to those best placed to assess these risks for our  company . the alternative is for multiple groups each to have their own view  on what is acceptable risk for the company .  steve",0,research sign totally agree list steven leppard james new lon ect ect cc tani nath lon ect ect ted murphy lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject research sign james agree say view research assess model state model give view closely model achieves objectives assess risks using model rac determine whether enron prepared accept risk discussed issue ted seems agree broad splitting responsibilities steve james new steven leppard lon ect ect cc sharad agnihotri lon ect ect tani nath lon ect ect ted murphy lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject research sign steve understand comments sign cross functional thing research effectively asked sign part broadly describe doubts interpretation research sign qualified state prepared sign functions asked like wise area mean areas signed part picture complete somebody needs coordinate usually london risk management guy make sense steven leppard sharad agnihotri lon ect ect cc tani nath lon ect ect ted murphy lon ect ect james new lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject research sign hi sharad note discussion earlier morning asked sign calculation another group something asked time time take view research assess computation terms achieves respect requirements shortfalls therefore risks associated using method provide opinion whether risks acceptable enron feel falls firmly within rac territory raises question research sign anything groups sign means accept something opinion appropriate us provide technical note outlining methodology risks shortcomings method leaving formal sign best placed assess risks company alternative multiple groups view acceptable risk company steve
"Subject: re : important - prc mtg  hi dorn & john , as you discovered recently , i am still ' officially ' in vince  kaminski ' s group ( my original enron corp . group ) . this holds true for shalesh  ganjoo as well . i did not explicitly pick dorn or john as reviewers thinking  that they will show up automatically as a result of my assumed reporting  structure .  so , vince has agreed to ' host ' the review in his group and proceed to  transfer me over to ebs officially when this quarter is overs ( apprently that  was scheduled to be automatic ) . in the mean time , vasant , stinson or vince  would like to get a e - mail from either dorn or john regarding my performance  from their perspective for consideration as soon as possible .  i had plan on being on vacation starting tomorrow and have made arrangement  with my family already . since i am not reviewing shalesh directly ( since he  is in research under stionson ) , i am assuming i don ' t have to attend the  review meetin tommorrow . i ' ll be on the road starting in the morning . if i  change this , i am told at home , that i will be in the market for another  family ! i can phone in if that is okay .  kayla , could you page me with the details ?  regards ,  ravi .",0,important prc mtg hi dorn john discovered recently still officially vince kaminski group original enron corp group holds true shalesh ganjoo well explicitly pick dorn john reviewers thinking show automatically result assumed reporting structure vince agreed host review group proceed transfer ebs officially quarter overs apprently scheduled automatic mean time vasant stinson vince would like get e mail either dorn john regarding performance perspective consideration soon possible plan vacation starting tomorrow made arrangement family already since reviewing shalesh directly since research stionson assuming attend review meetin tommorrow road starting morning change told home market another family phone okay kayla could page details regards ravi
"Subject: thank - you . . .  dear dr . kaminski :  i enjoyed our discussion this morning . it sounds like there is a great deal  of overlap between enron business units and my interests . i am very much  looking forward to meeting you and your colleagues . thank - you for the  invitation to interview with your group .  sincerely ,  rodney greene  work : 312 - 692 - 8129 rgreene @ heliosgroup . com  home : 773 - 881 - 7142 rodneyg @ interaccess . com",0,thank dear dr kaminski enjoyed discussion morning sounds like great deal overlap enron business units interests much looking forward meeting colleagues thank invitation interview group sincerely rodney greene work rgreene heliosgroup com home rodneyg interaccess com
"Subject: powerisk 2000 - october 3 rd - 6 th - paris  dear mr kaminski  i am delighted to say that the printed conference brochure is now available  and our logistics team will be mailing them out , along with the speaker  guideline packs ( including information on hotel discounts etc ) , in the next  couple of weeks . you will also no doubt receive copies via our main mailing  campaign .  in the interim , please find attached a shortened pdf copy of the conference  brochure for your perusal . ( i did not want to send you the complete 12 pages  as it would clog up your email ! ) the full colour version can be found on our  website at www . icbi . uk . com / powerisk  i hope you agree that the speaker plenum and line - up of topics is possibly  one of the best ever and not surprisingly the event is already drawing strong  international interest . in particular the executive summit day on e - business  and power trading is taking numerous bookings . i would be happy for you to  attend either the summit day or one of our two intensive post conference  workshops , but in order to avoid overcrowding on the day ask that all  reservations be made in advance .  i am certain that you have friends or colleagues who would be interested in  attending the conference this year , and would like to ask that you email the  enclosed details to them . to make things easy , i have attached a booking form  which should be faxed to + 44 20 7915 5101 . icbi would be happy to offer a 10 %  discount on registrations received through speaker recommendations .  finally for any enquiries relating to travel or hotel matters please contact  our logistics manager clare capel on + 44 20 7915 5198 . of course for any  programme related issues , please drop me an email or call me on + 44 20 7915  5194 .  i look forward to seeing you in october for what promises to be excellent and  informative week .  kind regards  rosemary fitzgerald  director , powerisk 2000  + 44 20 7915 5194  fax : + 44 20 7915 5101  email : rosef @ icbi . co . uk  !  - poweriska 300 . pdf  - speakerreg . doc",0,powerisk october rd th paris dear mr kaminski delighted say printed conference brochure available logistics team mailing along speaker guideline packs including information hotel discounts etc next couple weeks also doubt receive copies via main mailing campaign interim please find attached shortened pdf copy conference brochure perusal want send complete pages would clog email full colour version found website www icbi uk com powerisk hope agree speaker plenum line topics possibly one best ever surprisingly event already drawing strong international interest particular executive summit day e business power trading taking numerous bookings would happy attend either summit day one two intensive post conference workshops order avoid overcrowding day ask reservations made advance certain friends colleagues would interested attending conference year would like ask email enclosed details make things easy attached booking form faxed icbi would happy offer discount registrations received speaker recommendations finally enquiries relating travel hotel matters please contact logistics manager clare capel course programme related issues please drop email call look forward seeing october promises excellent informative week kind regards rosemary fitzgerald director powerisk fax email rosef icbi co uk poweriska pdf speakerreg doc
"Subject: christmas baskets  kevin :  i do not know who half of these people are !  my list would be :  move team  susan kennedy and judy schlesinger ( order all of our subscriptions )  demonica lipscomb ( video scheduling - should include stuart )  dave delainey  mail room  help desk ( our tech is : doug doring )  facilities help desk ( don ' t know who )  marriott ( trina - she takes care of all the lunches we order )  i don ' t think we need to give the ozarka guy one , we have several  who deliver down here , it is not always the same one .  vince probably has more , i will let you know .  thanks !  shirley  kevin g moore  11 / 03 / 2000 12 : 00 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : new listing  goodmorning everyone ,  last year we did quite a bit of christmas baskets , during the time we were in  the process of  another major move .  we are currently settled on all floors now , therefore our christmas basket  list will be cut more than half .  here are a list of the names that received baskets last year .  matt rodgers  chris hyde  darren prager  charlie notis  harvey freese  jon davis  maryam golnarghi  delores sustaita rodney keys iain  russell trina williams todd  butler pamela ford facilities  robert knight phillip randle mary  martinez daniel hornbuckle ( ozarka )  guy move - team  greg whalley  richard weeks  mary sue rose  there are several names boldly printed that probably will not receive the  baskets this year .  the christmas season is approaching therefore we must start preparing  .  please note that i will be out on vacation dec 13 th - 18 th , if possible i  would like your list of names  before my vacation begins whereby all baskets can arrive at their  destinations on time .  thanks  kevin moore  please any comments , question , answers - feel free to call x 34710",0,christmas baskets kevin know half people list would move team susan kennedy judy schlesinger order subscriptions demonica lipscomb video scheduling include stuart dave delainey mail room help desk tech doug doring facilities help desk know marriott trina takes care lunches order think need give ozarka guy one several deliver always one vince probably let know thanks shirley kevin g moore pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc subject new listing goodmorning everyone last year quite bit christmas baskets time process another major move currently settled floors therefore christmas basket list cut half list names received baskets last year matt rodgers chris hyde darren prager charlie notis harvey freese jon davis maryam golnarghi delores sustaita rodney keys iain russell trina williams todd butler pamela ford facilities robert knight phillip randle mary martinez daniel hornbuckle ozarka guy move team greg whalley richard weeks mary sue rose several names boldly printed probably receive baskets year christmas season approaching therefore must start preparing please note vacation dec th th possible would like list names vacation begins whereby baskets arrive destinations time thanks kevin moore please comments question answers feel free call x
"Subject: dhabol  jeff ,  we shall forward to you shortly a copy of the message from sandeep with the  numbers you have  requested . what follows below are the extracts from two recent articles on  the power situation in india  published by the financial times .  the first article describes recent power outage in northern india affecting  millions of people .  one possible line of defense is pointing out to the value of output lost due  to power  shortages . it is obvious that the value of lost production exceeds the cost  of power produced  by the dhabol plant ( expensive as it may be ) . the power cut affected 230  million people .  the second article is enron specific .  vince  asia - pacific : power failure hits north india  financial times ; jan 3 , 2001  by angus donald  tens of millions of people were left without electricity  in northern india  yesterday after a power grid breakdown .  electricity was gradually switched on in some areas and  most parts of the  capital new delhi , with 60 to 70 per cent of supply  expected to be restored  by the end of the day , according to power grid  officials .  the associated chambers of commerce and industry  ( assocham ) , a  leading business organisation , expressed "" deep concern ""  and called for a  mechanism to prevent future disruption that could  "" cripple the economy "" .  the power failure across eight indian states , including  new delhi , disrupted  train services , water supplies and the telephone network  and forced  hospitals to switch to emergency generators .  the fault occurred on the northern grid , which provides  electricity for 226 m  people , and affected the states of delhi , haryana ,  punjab , uttar pradesh ,  himachal pradesh , madhya pradesh , rajasthan and jammu  and kashmir .  a breakdown at a sub - station in kanpur in uttar pradesh ,  india ' s most  populous state , caused an overload of power on other  lines , which then  failed as well .  trains stopped running for most of the day and signals  systems were  damaged . new delhi international airport was also  slightly affected before  its own power supply could be engaged .  "" we will probe into the reasons for the failure . it is  most likely to be a  technical failure , but we will investigate why it  happened , "" suresh prabhu ,  the power minister , was quoted as saying by press trust  of india .  india suffers regularly from power problems because of  lack of funding to  upgrade infrastructure . theft of supplies is also a big  problem . thirty per  cent of the country ' s electricity is stolen , according  to analysts . in new  delhi as much as 50 per cent is stolen .  two years ago , a power failure blacked out uttar pradesh  and delhi for  hours .  assocham issued a statement , saying that increasing  industrial demand  would exacerbate the problems already faced by india ' s  inefficient power  sector . "" the slow progress , particularly in  strengthening the transmission  and distribution system , and ever increasing theft will  contribute to  worsening the power supply situation further . ""  copyright : the financial times limited  , copyright the financial times limited 2000 . "" ft "" and "" financial times ""  are trademarks of the financial times . privacy policy | terms jan 3 , 2001  by khozem merchant  enron , the us energy producer and a constant target of  criticism in india , is  hitting back with a campaign to reverse its image as a  profiteering  multinational .  its "" myth and reality "" offensive in local newspapers  follows the west indian  state of maharashtra ' s decision to review the tariff it  pays the texas - based  company , whose dollars 2 . 2 bn electricity generating  plant at dabhol is  india ' s biggest single foreign investment .  maharashtra ' s tariff has more than doubled since 1993  and is three times  greater than that charged by other independent power  producers ( ipps ) .  the tariff has risen because of the depreciation of the  rupee against the  dollar and the high but now falling price of naphtha  fuel . the state also pays  a fixed capacity charge of rs 970 m ( dollars 21 m ) a month ,  reflecting the  huge project cost and , controversially , irrespective of  consumption .  a showdown looks inevitable , reminiscent of a clash six  years ago that  damaged india ' s appeal to foreign investors . a former  official of the world  bank , which has criticised the deal , says enron is  emerging "" as the east  india company of the 21 st century "" - a reference to the  british trader that  colonised key areas of the indian economy in the 19 th  century .  the stand - off is the latest blot on india ' s power  sector . the uk ' s powergen  and cogentrix of the us have quit india recently ,  frustrated by long approval  procedures , inadequate payments mechanisms or because of  higher  returns elsewhere .  "" india has lost time and opportunity and has driven  returns down by six  percentage points , "" says gerry grove - white , former india  general manager  of powergen , which has sold its 655 mw plant in gujarat  to china light &  power of hong kong .  india ' s national plan for the five years to 2002 says  generating capacity  must rise by 40 , 000 mw to about 120 , 000 mw . but since  1992 , ipps have  added only 3 , 000 mw and 2 , 500 mw remains under  construction . this is  insufficient to support official projections of 6 to 8  per cent economic  growth .  enron was a bellwether of india ' s liberalisation ,  winning fast - track project  approval in the early 1990 s . phase 1 , a 740 mw plant  fuelled by expensive  naphtha came on stream in may 1999 , and phase 2 , a  dollars 1 . 87 bn plant  of 1 , 624 mw capacity that will run on cheaper liquefied  natural gas ( lng ) ,  will be completed this year . only two of seven other  fast - track proposals  have achieved financial closure .  from the outset enron encountered attacks , culminating  in maharashtra ' s  then nationalist government cancelling the project  before renegotiating  terms no less onerous . vilasrao deshmukh , chief minister  of the successor  government , says the power purchase agreement is  unaffordable .  enron , whose attackers also include cultural  chauvinists , wants to maintain  good political relations in a hostile but lucrative  environment . enron views  india as a testing ground for its evolution from a  traditional manager of  power plants to a broad - based trader of commodities ,  such as energy , gas  and bandwidth .  to support these ambitions enron hopes to trade energy  between power  surplus and deficit states , once legislation is passed  this year . it is building  an lng terminal and pipelines to trade imported natural  gas . and it is  laying a 15 , 000 km fibre - optic network to trade bandwidth  space in a country  desperately short of this new economy commodity .  in any event , enron believes it has a watertight  contract . it is supported by  many that believe any subversion of the contract would  confirm investor  perception of maharashtra , india ' s financial and  industrial hub , as an  unreliable destination for investment .  mr deshmukh - who has avoided the language of his  predecessor , which  threatened to "" dump dabhol into the arabian sea "" - is  under pressure from  radical members of his wobbly coalition . but his options  are limited .  scrapping the project would be ruinous for an  economically troubled state  that would have to compensate shareholders .  maharashtra state electricity board , the local utility  and enron ' s main  client , is obliged to dispatch or "" off - take "" 90 per cent  of dabhol ' s output . yet  mseb has never honoured these guarantees . its off - take  has averaged 60  per cent since the plant opened and , in effect , mseb has  been paying a lot  more while consuming a lot less power .  one reason off - take is low is because the state ' s tough  new regulator has  told mseb to buy from cheaper sources . enron says the  tariff would be  rs 4 . 02 / kwh if mseb ' s off - take averaged 90 per cent . but  with off - take a  third lower , the average tariff is rs 4 . 94 per unit , and  often higher . in  october , the tariff was rs 6 . 91 per unit , when off - take  was about 49 per  cent . enron says tariffs should come down when phase 2 ,  run on cheaper  lng , starts .  these cost pressures have forced mseb to take up only  half of a 30 per  cent equity option in phase 2 . enron has acquired the  balance and  mandated bankers to find a buyer .  enron ' s difficulties have undermined the appeal of ipps ,  which have failed to  deliver the flood of investments . potential ipps feared  they would never be  paid by state generating boards that have become a  byword for corrupt  management of power .  reform of state electricity boards , whose uneconomic  pricing means  industrial users subsidise poor farmers , as well as  transmission and  distribution ( t & d ) services to check huge theft and  technical losses , is  overdue . "" given the limited resources , money would be  better spent on t & d  rather than on new plant , "" says oliver blackaby ,  managing director of n m  rothschild in india , which is advising karnataka on the  privatisation of its  distribution network .  for the moment , attention is fixed on enron ' s ability to  satisfy the  competing interests of investors and clients . as sanjay  bhatnagar , chief  executive officer of enron india , said in a recent trade  magazine , one of the  key lessons learned from phase 2 is "" having flexibility  to deal with  externalities "" .  copyright : the financial times limited  , copyright the financial times limited 2000 . "" ft "" and "" financial times ""  are trademarks of the financial times . privacy policy | terms & conditions .",0,dhabol jeff shall forward shortly copy message sandeep numbers requested follows extracts two recent articles power situation india published financial times first article describes recent power outage northern india affecting millions people one possible line defense pointing value output lost due power shortages obvious value lost production exceeds cost power produced dhabol plant expensive may power cut affected million people second article enron specific vince asia pacific power failure hits north india financial times jan angus donald tens millions people left without electricity northern india yesterday power grid breakdown electricity gradually switched areas parts capital new delhi per cent supply expected restored end day according power grid officials associated chambers commerce industry assocham leading business organisation expressed deep concern called mechanism prevent future disruption could cripple economy power failure across eight indian states including new delhi disrupted train services water supplies telephone network forced hospitals switch emergency generators fault occurred northern grid provides electricity people affected states delhi haryana punjab uttar pradesh himachal pradesh madhya pradesh rajasthan jammu kashmir breakdown sub station kanpur uttar pradesh india populous state caused overload power lines failed well trains stopped running day signals systems damaged new delhi international airport also slightly affected power supply could engaged probe reasons failure likely technical failure investigate happened suresh prabhu power minister quoted saying press trust india india suffers regularly power problems lack funding upgrade infrastructure theft supplies also big problem thirty per cent country electricity stolen according analysts new delhi much per cent stolen two years ago power failure blacked uttar pradesh delhi hours assocham issued statement saying increasing industrial demand would exacerbate problems already faced india inefficient power sector slow progress particularly strengthening transmission distribution system ever increasing theft contribute worsening power supply situation copyright financial times limited copyright financial times limited ft financial times trademarks financial times privacy policy terms jan khozem merchant enron us energy producer constant target criticism india hitting back campaign reverse image profiteering multinational myth reality offensive local newspapers follows west indian state maharashtra decision review tariff pays texas based company whose dollars bn electricity generating plant dabhol india biggest single foreign investment maharashtra tariff doubled since three times greater charged independent power producers ipps tariff risen depreciation rupee dollar high falling price naphtha fuel state also pays fixed capacity charge rs dollars month reflecting huge project cost controversially irrespective consumption showdown looks inevitable reminiscent clash six years ago damaged india appeal foreign investors former official world bank criticised deal says enron emerging east india company st century reference british trader colonised key areas indian economy th century stand latest blot india power sector uk powergen cogentrix us quit india recently frustrated long approval procedures inadequate payments mechanisms higher returns elsewhere india lost time opportunity driven returns six percentage points says gerry grove white former india general manager powergen sold mw plant gujarat china light power hong kong india national plan five years says generating capacity must rise mw mw since ipps added mw mw remains construction insufficient support official projections per cent economic growth enron bellwether india liberalisation winning fast track project approval early phase mw plant fuelled expensive naphtha came stream may phase dollars bn plant mw capacity run cheaper liquefied natural gas lng completed year two seven fast track proposals achieved financial closure outset enron encountered attacks culminating maharashtra nationalist government cancelling project renegotiating terms less onerous vilasrao deshmukh chief minister successor government says power purchase agreement unaffordable enron whose attackers also include cultural chauvinists wants maintain good political relations hostile lucrative environment enron views india testing ground evolution traditional manager power plants broad based trader commodities energy gas bandwidth support ambitions enron hopes trade energy power surplus deficit states legislation passed year building lng terminal pipelines trade imported natural gas laying km fibre optic network trade bandwidth space country desperately short new economy commodity event enron believes watertight contract supported many believe subversion contract would confirm investor perception maharashtra india financial industrial hub unreliable destination investment mr deshmukh avoided language predecessor threatened dump dabhol arabian sea pressure radical members wobbly coalition options limited scrapping project would ruinous economically troubled state would compensate shareholders maharashtra state electricity board local utility enron main client obliged dispatch take per cent dabhol output yet mseb never honoured guarantees take averaged per cent since plant opened effect mseb paying lot consuming lot less power one reason take low state tough new regulator told mseb buy cheaper sources enron says tariff would rs kwh mseb take averaged per cent take third lower average tariff rs per unit often higher october tariff rs per unit take per cent enron says tariffs come phase run cheaper lng starts cost pressures forced mseb take half per cent equity option phase enron acquired balance mandated bankers find buyer enron difficulties undermined appeal ipps failed deliver flood investments potential ipps feared would never paid state generating boards become byword corrupt management power reform state electricity boards whose uneconomic pricing means industrial users subsidise poor farmers well transmission distribution services check huge theft technical losses overdue given limited resources money would better spent rather new plant says oliver blackaby managing director n rothschild india advising karnataka privatisation distribution network moment attention fixed enron ability satisfy competing interests investors clients sanjay bhatnagar chief executive officer enron india said recent trade magazine one key lessons learned phase flexibility deal externalities copyright financial times limited copyright financial times limited ft financial times trademarks financial times privacy policy terms conditions
"Subject: full circle : asps the new big blue ?  network world fusion focus : mike jude and nancy meachim  on application service providers  today ' s focus : full circle : asps the new big blue ?  03 / 15 / 00  dear wincenty kaminski ,  today ' s focus : full circle : asps the new  big blue ?  by mike jude and nancy meachim  the terms  & asp  8 and  & ibm  8 may have more in common than being three -  letter acronyms .  remember big blue of the early  + 60 s ? the vision , then , was centralized  computing . mainframe computers hosted complex , expensive applications  that end users accessed via dumb terminals . it infrastructure ,  especially memory , was expensive and needed to be controlled . with  computing resources centralized , ibm reasoned , they were easier to  maintain .  of course , ibm got it wrong , in that computers became a cheap commodity .  and users weren  , t happy simply using dumb terminals . they wanted a  bigger share in all that technology offered . so , as memory prices fell ,  so did the idea of central control . dumb terminals were transformed into  intelligent desktop machines that could store applications and data . the  glass house populated by white - smocked technicians went out of fashion .  looking back on those times , many of us would shake our heads and wonder  how ibm could have been so wrong . but maybe big blue wasn  , t so far off .  thanks to the advent of application service providers , centralized  computing is making a comeback . asps offer centralized application  management .  the market started as a way to offer the benefits of server  advertisement protocol and other complex enterprise resource planning  software to small companies or companies with less technical savvy . but  asps now host all kinds of applications , including small , multilicensed  programs whose images are downloaded to end users on demand . but , the  principle remains the same : central control makes support much more  efficient and usually cheaper . how about that , ibm ?  to be fair , the dynamics of an asp are very different from old  centralized mainframe operations . an asp doesn  , t just host and support  an application for general distribution over an in - house proprietary  network . unlike the ibm vision , an asp is very dependent on network  service . it is also very sensitive to service levels . in the  + 60 s , if  the mainframe let you down , you ended up twiddling your thumbs for an  hour or so , and your only recourse was that white - smocked fellow .  nowadays , users start to scream if service is interrupted for even a  minute . and woe to the asp who brings down a customer operation . the  world of the asp is much more complex than that of the old  + 60 s shop .  however , if one could magically transport a computer user from the  + 60 s  to the wonderful new 2000 s , would it seem all that different to him ? in  an ideal asp world , a la scott mcnealy  , s vision , users would sit down  at a semidumb terminal , download the application du jour , and start  working . what did the  + 60 s user do ? kind of the same thing !  so you are probably wondering , what is the point ? just this : ibm  , s  problem was leaving the customer out of the equation . and look what  happened . customers rebelled . they didn  , t buy ibm  , s spiel . it became  the  & in  8 thing to hate ibm . why ? because the guys in white smocks  couldn  , t spell service and didn  , t care about customers .  to be successful , asps need to learn from the past . they need to tattoo  service on the forehead of each of their employees . there are too many  choices , today , for customers to put up with inferior service . that  , s  one big difference from the  + 60 s . customers now can literally choose  any service provider in the world . just being big doesn  , t cut it these  days .  to contact mike jude and nancy meachim :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  senior consultant michael jude and research director nancy meachim are  with enterprise management associates in boulder , colo . ,  ( http : / / www . . com ) , a leading analyst and market  research firm focusing exclusively on all aspects of enterprise  management . jude has over 18 years of experience in the  telecommunications industry , most recently with us west , where he was a  manager of public policy . mike can be reached at  mailto : jude @ . com . meachim focuses on e - business  management . she is currently conducting a research study on asp  management that is due to be released in april . nancy ' s email address  is mailto : meachim @ . com .  for related links - - click here for network world ' s home page :  http : / / www . nwfusion . com  buzz : application otsourcing , network world fusion , 09 / 27 / 99  asp research page , network world  all about asps  information center for application service providers , their customers  and delivery partners . includes resources , events and news . the asp  industry consortium .  http : / / www . aspindustry . org /  subscription services  to subscribe or unsubscribe to any network world e - mail newsletters ,  go to :  to change your email address , go to :  subscription questions ? contact customer service by replying to this  message .  other questions / comments  have editorial comments ? write jeff caruso , newsletter editor , at :  mailto : jcaruso @ nww . com  for advertising information , write jamie kalbach , account executive ,  at : mailto : jkalbach @ nww . com  network world fusion is part of idg . net , the idg online network .  it all starts here :  http : / / www . idg . com  copyright network world , inc . , 2000",0,full circle asps new big blue network world fusion focus mike jude nancy meachim application service providers today focus full circle asps new big blue dear wincenty kaminski today focus full circle asps new big blue mike jude nancy meachim terms asp ibm may common three letter acronyms remember big blue early vision centralized computing mainframe computers hosted complex expensive applications end users accessed via dumb terminals infrastructure especially memory expensive needed controlled computing resources centralized ibm reasoned easier maintain course ibm got wrong computers became cheap commodity users happy simply using dumb terminals wanted bigger share technology offered memory prices fell idea central control dumb terminals transformed intelligent desktop machines could store applications data glass house populated white smocked technicians went fashion looking back times many us would shake heads wonder ibm could wrong maybe big blue far thanks advent application service providers centralized computing making comeback asps offer centralized application management market started way offer benefits server advertisement protocol complex enterprise resource planning software small companies companies less technical savvy asps host kinds applications including small multilicensed programs whose images downloaded end users demand principle remains central control makes support much efficient usually cheaper ibm fair dynamics asp different old centralized mainframe operations asp host support application general distribution house proprietary network unlike ibm vision asp dependent network service also sensitive service levels mainframe let ended twiddling thumbs hour recourse white smocked fellow nowadays users start scream service interrupted even minute woe asp brings customer operation world asp much complex old shop however one could magically transport computer user wonderful new would seem different ideal asp world la scott mcnealy vision users would sit semidumb terminal download application du jour start working user kind thing probably wondering point ibm problem leaving customer equation look happened customers rebelled buy ibm spiel became thing hate ibm guys white smocks spell service care customers successful asps need learn past need tattoo service forehead employees many choices today customers put inferior service one big difference customers literally choose service provider world big cut days contact mike jude nancy meachim senior consultant michael jude research director nancy meachim enterprise management associates boulder colo http www com leading analyst market research firm focusing exclusively aspects enterprise management jude years experience telecommunications industry recently us west manager public policy mike reached mailto jude com meachim focuses e business management currently conducting research study asp management due released april nancy email address mailto meachim com related links click network world home page http www nwfusion com buzz application otsourcing network world fusion asp research page network world asps information center application service providers customers delivery partners includes resources events news asp industry consortium http www aspindustry org subscription services subscribe unsubscribe network world e mail newsletters go change email address go subscription questions contact customer service replying message questions comments editorial comments write jeff caruso newsletter editor mailto jcaruso nww com advertising information write jamie kalbach account executive mailto jkalbach nww com network world fusion part idg net idg online network starts http www idg com copyright network world inc
"Subject: ( no subject )  stinson ,  henwood can help us with the project in our time frame ( end of january ) . the  henwood person who will coordinate the project is david branchcomb , located  in london . he will have to involve the henwood ? manager for asia , who works  out of australia .  i told him that you would call him wednesday morning on his cell phone to set  up a conference call later the same day with the guy in australia . given time  difference it may happen late afternoon .  they expect that we shall give them the specs of the project . it makes sense  to involve sandeep at the conference call : he will be very specific about our  needs . i sent you his coordinates in an earlier message . sandeep may have to  come to the office : i don ' t know if anita knows how to set up a conference  call .  david ' s phone numbers :  44 207 242 8950  44 787 942 5375 ( cell ) .  i may be at the office in the morning for an hour or two .  vince",0,subject stinson henwood help us project time frame end january henwood person coordinate project david branchcomb located london involve henwood manager asia works australia told would call wednesday morning cell phone set conference call later day guy australia given time difference may happen late afternoon expect shall give specs project makes sense involve sandeep conference call specific needs sent coordinates earlier message sandeep may come office know anita knows set conference call david phone numbers cell may office morning hour two vince
"Subject: follow - up on captive generation  vince / stinson ,  please find below two attachemnts . the excell spreadsheet shows some  calculations on the savings from using dabhol power as against a diesel  genset operating at a higher heat rate . there is also a differential in  price of diesel , as against naphtha used by the plant . i have taken data  from the septemeber bill of dpc . we do not want to give the actual numbers  to the press , since they ar likely to have a field day with the 6 cent / kwh  energy price of dabhol that is reflected there .  the seond attachement ( word ) has the wordings that i think we can send in to  the press . please review the calculations and the note , ad if you find this  satisfactory , please forward to jeff / s .  i am availabel on mobile if you have questions o clarifications . the number  ( 610 mw ) for total captive generation in maharashtra ) is taken from mohan  gurunath ' s presentation on this .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,follow captive generation vince stinson please find two attachemnts excell spreadsheet shows calculations savings using dabhol power diesel genset operating higher heat rate also differential price diesel naphtha used plant taken data septemeber bill dpc want give actual numbers press since ar likely field day cent kwh energy price dabhol reflected seond attachement word wordings think send press please review calculations note ad find satisfactory please forward jeff availabel mobile questions clarifications number mw total captive generation maharashtra taken mohan gurunath presentation regards sandeep
Subject: it woorks fine  want to know how to save over 60 pigsty % on your piils ?  http : / / www . afteading . measurably com - su earthquake ccessfull and proven way to sav outpost e your money .  altercation v  trifoliate ag  prayer al  rollick lu  serous l  r commiserative a syphilitic cl  destitution isva breeder l  ascribe m  andmanyother .  be bacillus st prlces .  high qu swatter aiity .  worldwide sh circumlocutory lpplng .  total c gastronomist onfidentiaiity .  250 . 000 + satisfie behaviour d customers .  have ascensional a nice day !,1,woorks fine want know save pigsty piils http www afteading measurably com su earthquake ccessfull proven way sav outpost e money altercation v trifoliate ag prayer al rollick lu serous l r commiserative syphilitic cl destitution isva breeder l ascribe andmanyother bacillus st prlces high qu swatter aiity worldwide sh circumlocutory lpplng total c gastronomist onfidentiaiity satisfie behaviour customers ascensional nice day
"Subject: re : enroncredit . com  vasant , tanya  any interest ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 14 / 2000  03 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  melanie doyle  03 / 10 / 2000 04 : 33 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : brad mcsherry / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enroncredit . com  hi  this guy has applied to credit . com in houston , i spoke to him yesterday and  then passed my comments to bryan seyfried . bryan suggested he may be of  interest to you . i let this this guy know that he would hear from us either  way and if we want to pursue the application we would invite him for  interviews in houston .  please give me a call if you need more information .  melanie  00 44 171 783 7740 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melanie doyle / lon / ect on 10 / 03 / 2000 10 : 26  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bryan seyfried  08 / 03 / 2000 07 : 51  to : brad mcsherry / hou / ect @ ect  cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : enroncredit . com  let ' s start getting these guys in to interview . melanie can do initial  telephone interviews and then coordinate with brad to ensure we are seeing  the best people . i would like to move as quickly as practical .  bs  from : brad mcsherry on 07 / 03 / 2000 13 : 17 cst  to : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : enroncredit . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brad mcsherry / hou / ect on 03 / 07 / 2000 01 : 17  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alexander . c . davidson @ us . arthurandersen . com on 03 / 03 / 2000 01 : 55 : 23 pm  to : brad . mcsherry @ enron . com  cc :  subject : enroncredit . com  dear mr . mcsherry :  i am responding to your search for credit risk professionals on  the  enroncredit . com website . after working for seven years on credit  risk  management in a research and consulting capacity , i would like to transfer  my  experience in assessing credit risk modeling , information technology  and  methodology in complex top - tier institutions to an active credit  trading  managerial environment . i am excited about being involved in  trading ,  origination , risk management and r & d of credit derivatives .  i have seven years of experience in credit risk measurement and  management . i  have helped design , test and implement credit value - at - risk systems with  kmv  corp and with a major japanese bank . i was a major contributor at kmv  in  designing the expected default frequency model and i am thoroughly familiar  with  its assumptions , strengths , weaknesses and applications . i did the  empirical  research that lies behind the kmv default correlation model , the private  firm  edf model and i interfaced with j . p . morgan ( now r . m . g . ) personnel during  the  creation of the creditmetrics documentation .  i have excellent analytical , quantitative , statistical and programming  skills .  i studied finance extensively when i was a graduate student and i studied  credit  risk theory while i worked with kmv and arthur andersen . i am eager to join  the  credit derivative team at enroncredit . com where i am certain that my  combination  of quantitative research skills , credit risk consulting experience  and  technology expertise make me uniquely qualified to support the  credit  derivatives trading and risk management function .  i have included my resume with this e - mail . please e - mail me or call me  at  201 - 420 - 0191 ( home ) and 212 - 708 - 4027 ( work ) so that we can discuss  this  opportunity further .  ( see attached file : alex . doc )  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .  - alex . doc",0,enroncredit com vasant tanya interest vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm melanie doyle vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc brad mcsherry hou ect ect subject enroncredit com hi guy applied credit com houston spoke yesterday passed comments bryan seyfried bryan suggested may interest let guy know would hear us either way want pursue application would invite interviews houston please give call need information melanie forwarded melanie doyle lon ect bryan seyfried brad mcsherry hou ect ect cc melanie doyle lon ect ect subject enroncredit com let start getting guys interview melanie initial telephone interviews coordinate brad ensure seeing best people would like move quickly practical bs brad mcsherry cst bryan seyfried lon ect ect cc subject enroncredit com forwarded brad mcsherry hou ect pm alexander c davidson us arthurandersen com pm brad mcsherry enron com cc subject enroncredit com dear mr mcsherry responding search credit risk professionals enroncredit com website working seven years credit risk management research consulting capacity would like transfer experience assessing credit risk modeling information technology methodology complex top tier institutions active credit trading managerial environment excited involved trading origination risk management r credit derivatives seven years experience credit risk measurement management helped design test implement credit value risk systems kmv corp major japanese bank major contributor kmv designing expected default frequency model thoroughly familiar assumptions strengths weaknesses applications empirical research lies behind kmv default correlation model private firm edf model interfaced j p morgan r g personnel creation creditmetrics documentation excellent analytical quantitative statistical programming skills studied finance extensively graduate student studied credit risk theory worked kmv arthur andersen eager join credit derivative team enroncredit com certain combination quantitative research skills credit risk consulting experience technology expertise make uniquely qualified support credit derivatives trading risk management function included resume e mail please e mail call home work discuss opportunity see attached file alex doc internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed alex doc
"Subject: energy book  fiona ,  ?  thanks for your message and the update . ? we haven ' t made any changes . ? i was  referring to the enron changes , and the electronic brochure i sent to you  yesterday . ? in total , we have the following pieces which list the enron name :  ?  - ? book cover  - ? bios which are on the cover and in the "" preface "" section of the book  - ? chapter 3 which was written by vince kaminski ' s group  - ? electronic brochure  ?  the first 3 pieces are the most important since they have to do with the  printing of the book . ? if you could ? get the modifications to us by thursday ,  that would be great . ?  ?  thanks , and look forward to hearing from you .  ?  julie  ?",0,energy book fiona thanks message update made changes referring enron changes electronic brochure sent yesterday total following pieces list enron name book cover bios cover preface section book chapter written vince kaminski group electronic brochure first pieces important since printing book could get modifications us thursday would great thanks look forward hearing julie
"Subject: prob of default for e rating 7 as of 2 / 3 / 00  vincent ,  i got the e - rating and default probabilities for promigas from the credit  group .  could you plug in these numbers to the loan guarantee model ?  promigas is rated as bb .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 02 / 04 / 2000 08 : 41 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tanya rohauer  02 / 04 / 2000 07 : 27 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : prob of default for e rating 7 as of 2 / 3 / 00",0,prob default e rating vincent got e rating default probabilities promigas credit group could plug numbers loan guarantee model promigas rated bb zimin forwarded zimin lu hou ect tanya rohauer zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject prob default e rating
"Subject: ke casino spring fling competition : ) fre : rpvnltb  welcome to ms @ casino - a revolution in cyber gamlng !  ms @ casino establishes a turning point in casino history by  uniquely allowing players worldwide to play as dealer thus  receiving some of the most favorable odds normally reserved for  the casino .  ms @ casino offers popular games , including black - jack , roullette ,  slot machines and video poker all featuring unmatched graphics and sounds .  you may play with real money or just play for fun ( no bank details needed )  questions and answers  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  q : ms @ casino offers matchless credibility and it ' s easy to check . how ?  a : robert as player and graham as dealer enter one of the games . once the game  is over , they verify that one ' s losing sum is the other ' s winning sum .  q : ms @ casino offers the highest payouts available . how is that possible ?  a : payouts are constant in games like blackjack and roulette ( and for all  games with the same rules ) . ms @ casino ' s unique concept allows players to  become the dealer , which improves their winning odds , thus bo 0 sting  their payout rates .  the top daily player ( determined at 23 : 59 ) gets $ 200 bonus !  winnings generated from playing as dealer are also accumulated .  the scoreboard will be updated every hour .  visit our site http : / / 4 highrollers . net - try your luck no deposit required !  best regards ,  virginia hancock  casino manager ",1,ke casino spring fling competition fre rpvnltb welcome ms casino revolution cyber gamlng ms casino establishes turning point casino history uniquely allowing players worldwide play dealer thus receiving favorable odds normally reserved casino ms casino offers popular games including black jack roullette slot machines video poker featuring unmatched graphics sounds may play real money play fun bank details needed questions answers q ms casino offers matchless credibility easy check robert player graham dealer enter one games game verify one losing sum winning sum q ms casino offers highest payouts available possible payouts constant games like blackjack roulette games rules ms casino unique concept allows players become dealer improves winning odds thus bo sting payout rates top daily player determined gets bonus winnings generated playing dealer also accumulated scoreboard updated every hour visit site http highrollers net try luck deposit required best regards virginia hancock casino manager
"Subject: london meeting  dear vince  could you let me know when you are able to meet riskcare ? i will try to  reach you in houston , otherwise i will give anjam ' s office a call  tomorrow .  regards  manuel  manuel rensink  riskcare - financial technology services  piercy house  7 copthall avenue  london  http : / / www . riskcare . com  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3400  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3401  about riskcare  since riskcare ' s inception in 1994 , we have specialised in providing  pre - eminent services and pioneering tools to the financial markets  industry .  riskcare offers :  * a range of hands - on technology services for systems implementation  and operation , including development , integration , support , technical  skills and software selection  * a range of financial engineering services , including model  validation , risk advisory , analytics integration , development of pricing  models for derivative instruments and front office analytics such as  willow , a revolutionary tool for option pricing",0,london meeting dear vince could let know able meet riskcare try reach houston otherwise give anjam office call tomorrow regards manuel manuel rensink riskcare financial technology services piercy house copthall avenue london http www riskcare com tel fax riskcare since riskcare inception specialised providing pre eminent services pioneering tools financial markets industry riskcare offers range hands technology services systems implementation operation including development integration support technical skills software selection range financial engineering services including model validation risk advisory analytics integration development pricing models derivative instruments front office analytics willow revolutionary tool option pricing
"Subject: http : / / www . surfbuddies . net  hello ,  i have visited www . surfbuddies . net and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net .  give your website maximum exposure today !  looking forward to hearing from you .  best regards ,  vanessa lintner  sales marketing  www . seekercenter . net  you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me : ",1,http www surfbuddies net hello visited www surfbuddies net noticed website listed search engines sure service number people visit website definitely increase seekercenter unique technology instantly submits website search engines directories really low cost effective way advertise site details please go seekercenter net give website maximum exposure today looking forward hearing best regards vanessa lintner sales marketing www seekercenter net receiving email opted receive special offers partner website feel received email error wish receive additional special offers please enter email address click button remove
"Subject: your commissions of $ 5000 per week ! ssva  give me 5 minutes and i will show you how  to turn your computer into a cash machine ! ! !  ( available in the us and canada )  i earned $ 25 , 000 last month - send for my bank statements ! ! !  we are giving away a free , 3 - day vacation to all  folks who ask for more info on how to earn $ 1000  per sale simply by using their computer !  you ' ll earn $ 1000 per sale on a low cost product and  $ 3000 per business contact -  and all marketing is from the internet . free  sophisticated and duplicatable marketing system  ( $ 2500 value ) is given to you gratis - as well as all  training and marketing support ! ! !  we invite you to explore , with no obligation , some  information that could turn around your  income and bring in thousands per week !  if you just want some extra income , or if you are a  seasoned marketer - our paint - by - numbers system with live  support ( up to 10 : 00 pm eastern every day ! ) will turn you  into a pro ! ! !  family - loved product ! ! !  we will have you in profit quick - and with  constant , live free support ! ! ! !  request more free info now -  send an email to : growthmarkets @ excite . com with "" send info "" in the subject line ! !  ( do not click reply ! )  this email conforms to commercial email regulations within the us .  please send any "" remove "" requests to : growthmarkets @ excite . com  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,commissions per week ssva give minutes show turn computer cash machine available us canada earned last month send bank statements giving away free day vacation folks ask info earn per sale simply using computer earn per sale low cost product per business contact marketing internet free sophisticated duplicatable marketing system value given gratis well training marketing support invite explore obligation information could turn around income bring thousands per week want extra income seasoned marketer paint numbers system live support pm eastern every day turn pro family loved product profit quick constant live free support request free info send email growthmarkets excite com send info subject line click reply email conforms commercial email regulations within us please send remove requests growthmarkets excite com sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: affordable - the way medications should be  if your sex life is good . . . then make it fantastic !  the sword of justice has no scabbard .  god does not care about our mathematical difficulties . he integrates empirically .  every time we say , let there be ! in any form , something happens .  a finished person is a boring person .",1,affordable way medications sex life good make fantastic sword justice scabbard god care mathematical difficulties integrates empirically every time say let form something happens finished person boring person
"Subject: letter to nesbitt  john ,  the outline of a message to nesbitt .  dale ,  thanks for your message . in our phone conversation before the meeting you  mentioned  another contractual arrangement under which we could work with your company  employees on a case - study .  the cost of a weekly project would be $ 12 , 000 that would be applied to the  purchase price should  we go ahead and decide to acquire the software . this project would allow us  to evaluate the model and  come up with an estimate of the manpower necessary to support the model  internally .  please , let me know more about this option .  vince",0,letter nesbitt john outline message nesbitt dale thanks message phone conversation meeting mentioned another contractual arrangement could work company employees case study cost weekly project would would applied purchase price go ahead decide acquire software project would allow us evaluate model come estimate manpower necessary support model internally please let know option vince
"Subject: enron : wefa luncheon may 1  would you like to attend the presentation and join me for lunch  with wefa .  any other suggestions re attendance .  please , let shirley know .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001  12 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" peter mcnabb "" on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 52 : 47 am  to :  cc : "" kemm farney ""  subject : enron : wefa luncheon may 1  dear vince  thanks for your voicemail and delighted to have you confirm lunch on may 1 .  kemm farney the head of wefa ' s electric power services will be travelling  with me this time . i expect there may be other enron colleagues that may  care to join us for lunch so don ' t hesitate to invite as you see fit . for  reservations purposes , perhaps you arrange to let me know numbers .  kemm would also be prepared to informally present our current power outlook  to a larger group at 11 : 00 , if this would be of interest .  as you know , these types of presentations are part of all your wefa energy  retainer package . i will also plan to update you with respect to our current  multi client study schedule for the remainder of the year .  regards , peter  peter a . mcnabb  vice president energy , north america  wefa inc .  2 bloor st . w .  toronto , canada  m 4 w 3 rl  416 - 513 - 0061 ex 227  - 2001 energy brochure . doc  - wefaenergy _ factsheet for energy scenarios 2001 . doc",0,enron wefa luncheon may would like attend presentation join lunch wefa suggestions attendance please let shirley know vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm peter mcnabb cc kemm farney subject enron wefa luncheon may dear vince thanks voicemail delighted confirm lunch may kemm farney head wefa electric power services travelling time expect may enron colleagues may care join us lunch hesitate invite see fit reservations purposes perhaps arrange let know numbers kemm would also prepared informally present current power outlook larger group would interest know types presentations part wefa energy retainer package also plan update respect current multi client study schedule remainder year regards peter peter mcnabb vice president energy north america wefa inc bloor st w toronto canada w rl ex energy brochure doc wefaenergy factsheet energy scenarios doc
"Subject: fw : stanford or - summer intern  stinson ,  should we get him as well ?  it seems he has the right skills .  we might have maxed out on the  number of summer interns through  the a / a program . we would have to  hire him directly .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 29 / 2000  08 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" shikhar ranjan "" on 02 / 28 / 2000 02 : 31 : 39 pm  to : ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fw : stanford or - summer intern  hi ravi :  i had sent an email about a week back with my resume for the summer  internship . i think the address i sent it to was not correct , so i am  resending it . i will also tell the others in the group to send there resumes  to you . thanks .  regards ,  shikhar  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shikhar ranjan  phd student  management science & engineering  stanford university ca  ( 650 ) 497 5762  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shikhar ranjan  to :  cc :  sent : sunday , february 20 , 2000 5 : 24 pm  subject : stanford or - summer interns  > hi ravi :  >  > please find attached my resume for the summer internship program . i  > apologize for the delay . we actually lost your contact info . please let me  > know if you will need any additional information and / or a cover letter  > besides the resume and i can send it right away .  >  > thanks  >  > regards ,  > shikhar  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > shikhar ranjan  > phd student  > management science & engineering  > stanford university ca  > ( 650 ) 497 5762  >  - resumeo 0 - ene . doc",0,fw stanford summer intern stinson get well seems right skills might maxed number summer interns program would hire directly vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect shikhar ranjan pm ravi thuraisingham enron net cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fw stanford summer intern hi ravi sent email week back resume summer internship think address sent correct resending also tell others group send resumes thanks regards shikhar shikhar ranjan phd student management science engineering stanford university ca original message shikhar ranjan cc sent sunday february pm subject stanford summer interns hi ravi please find attached resume summer internship program apologize delay actually lost contact info please let know need additional information cover letter besides resume send right away thanks regards shikhar shikhar ranjan phd student management science engineering stanford university ca resumeo ene doc
"Subject: enterprise wide risk management meeting , january 21  this is to confirm the meeting will take place on friday , january 21 at  12 : 00 - 5 : 00 p , at the doubletree hotel , 400 dallas street .  the meeting room is suite 407 .  those in attendance :  rick buy  ted murphy  rick carson  vince kaminski  dave gorte  kevin kindall  grant masson  lunch will begin at 12 : 00 noon and a snack will be served at 2 : 30 p .  please give me a call with questions at x 31881 .",0,enterprise wide risk management meeting january confirm meeting take place friday january p doubletree hotel dallas street meeting room suite attendance rick buy ted murphy rick carson vince kaminski dave gorte kevin kindall grant masson lunch begin noon snack served p please give call questions x
"Subject: merry christmas  dear mr . kaminski ,  in the name of all the mscf students i would like to wish you and your  family a merry christmas and a happy new year . thank you very much for  taking the time to come here and talk with us . it was greatly appreciated .  best regards ,  pierre",0,merry christmas dear mr kaminski name mscf students would like wish family merry christmas happy new year thank much taking time come talk us greatly appreciated best regards pierre
Subject: re [ 21 ]  keep calm ! in 1827 sims vietnam warit ' ll be better i have got,1,keep calm sims vietnam warit better got
"Subject: as promised molly  sorry about the mix - up on the email molly .  i hope you get this one .  as most good corporations like enron have predefined contractual arrangements  to do executive search business i will be happy to abide by your terms and  rules .  and to be quite honest - enron is about the "" best it gets "" so , i prefer to not  draft a contract this time or for this relationship - i will wait for yours to  be signed by me . the only stipulation i request of you is that upon  contractual performance , enron accounts payable please wire my funds to my  account as i have a multi - currency account denominated in usd / canadian or  british pounds ( which ever fits you as i may need to pay my counterparts in  the uk ) . . . other than that i have no perplexities .  i will send you my wire instructions later , either my bank in california or  in bermuda .  as i live in california and do contingency search , i must go off of my  client ' s "" good word "" on occasion and luckily haven ' t had any problems so  far . . . i always honor california verbal contract law - if i do not draft .  i think you fee payment of 20 % is generous and the industry standard of 30  day guarantee on replacement is fair . obviously there is no deposit on any  contingency and if there is a definite urgent need for a position to be  filled only then will i ask your help for a minor deposit to aid in my  overhead to shift all my resources to search on behalf on enron .  as enron has the in - house power to probably not need this service then  obviously a deposit will not be required .  if you wish me to send my standard agreement then i will , but you have made  yourself perfectly clear by phone what you are willing to do . i therefore  will be happy to receive you contract and follow your instructions .  i thank you and vince for allowing me to work with enron and pledge to you my  best work and candidates utilizing my network of contacts .  i am very excited about our new relationship and hope to give you my very  best service .  thank you very much for this opportunity molly , please send my your contract  so , that i may sign it and send it right back to you immediately . i am  looking forward to working with vince and you .  thank you again ,  jeff wesley  ps - i can utilize to resources of management recruiters international usa and  robert walters of the uk to aid in my service to you .  best regards ,  jeff wesley  always held in strict confidence .  949 813 2241 hotline  347 487 8957 voice / fax us  ( 011 ) + 44 ( 845 ) 3341644 uk  - - - - - begin pgp public key block - - - - -  version : pgpfreeware 6 . 5 . 3 for non - commercial use   2 w 4 duudd 3 yisxx 8 wy 2 o 9 vpji 8 bd 8 kvbgi 2 oulwmufo 4 ozt 9 fbdxq 6 mdggzemyestsr / pogxkuayeyl 8 6 vq  rpmynofdopnqnyej 2 + m 9 zwwyw 3 gbij 4 vktfyngoqevl 3 l 9 hg 2 l 7 lsls + 8 ywlvcqb llmkul 3 lxa 9 idp 6 bzu 9 drwdfrba 5 rdvbfylolythsp 0 zg 4 lolurfgyy + iakwe / 5 n  78 fc 32 lczbj 8 rvsvh + qljiyisjdvambww 4 hjlzc 9 tipdtggz 6 g 5 lgg 8 dfw 74 ezsx lzsy + zzncacst / dveok / + y 4 nrumqor + qggo 9 l 9 gwpqu 5 blxenpedteczmwome 48 z  glkh + bz 39 qcfvc + hxgi 7 ogcon / rseitrweao / sy =  = 2 nkw  - - - - - end pgp public key block - - - - -  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *  - private 9498132241 original . doc  - private 9498132241 original . doc  - statement 9498132241 . pdf  - statement 9498132241 origina . doc",0,promised molly sorry mix email molly hope get one good corporations like enron predefined contractual arrangements executive search business happy abide terms rules quite honest enron best gets prefer draft contract time relationship wait signed stipulation request upon contractual performance enron accounts payable please wire funds account multi currency account denominated usd canadian british pounds ever fits may need pay counterparts uk perplexities send wire instructions later either bank california bermuda live california contingency search must go client good word occasion luckily problems far always honor california verbal contract law draft think fee payment generous industry standard day guarantee replacement fair obviously deposit contingency definite urgent need position filled ask help minor deposit aid overhead shift resources search behalf enron enron house power probably need service obviously deposit required wish send standard agreement made perfectly clear phone willing therefore happy receive contract follow instructions thank vince allowing work enron pledge best work candidates utilizing network contacts excited new relationship hope give best service thank much opportunity molly please send contract may sign send right back immediately looking forward working vince thank jeff wesley ps utilize resources management recruiters international usa robert walters uk aid service best regards jeff wesley always held strict confidence hotline voice fax us uk begin pgp public key block version pgpfreeware non commercial use w duudd yisxx wy vpji bd kvbgi oulwmufo ozt fbdxq mdggzemyestsr pogxkuayeyl vq rpmynofdopnqnyej zwwyw gbij vktfyngoqevl l hg l lsls ywlvcqb llmkul lxa idp bzu drwdfrba rdvbfylolythsp zg lolurfgyy iakwe n fc lczbj rvsvh qljiyisjdvambww hjlzc tipdtggz g lgg dfw ezsx lzsy zzncacst dveok nrumqor qggo l gwpqu blxenpedteczmwome z glkh bz qcfvc hxgi ogcon rseitrweao sy nkw end pgp public key block get free secure online email http www ziplip com private original doc private original doc statement pdf statement origina doc
"Subject: in the heart of your business !  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only  several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among  competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht  now ! fast turnaround : you wili see several logo variants in three  business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of  changes ; you can be sure : it wili meet your needsand fit your  business . flexibie discounts : loqo improvement , additional formats , bulk  orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right  now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,heart business corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes several seconds company remembered iost among competitors get ioqo business stationery website done riqht fast turnaround wili see several logo variants three business days satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes sure wili meet needsand fit business flexibie discounts loqo improvement additional formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right interested
"Subject: congratulations  congrats on your promotion to md . i appreciate the work you group is doing  for et & s , and i know the promotion is well deserved .  bill cordes",0,congratulations congrats promotion md appreciate work group et know promotion well deserved bill cordes
"Subject: very cool offrr  how to save on your medlcations gabion over 70 % .  pharms select hop - successfull and proven popcorn way to save your secret money .  spinal v  codicil ag  metayer al  l noctambulizm u  skilly l  r rochet a ginnery cl  i calculating sva gudgeon l  doomed m  andmanyother .  best prlces extrude .  worldwide shlpp confront lng .  easy or hypothesis der form .  total confiden conquest tiaiity .  250 , 000 s hyssop atisfied customers .  order t egoistic oday and save !",1,cool offrr save medlcations gabion pharms select hop successfull proven popcorn way save secret money spinal v codicil ag metayer al l noctambulizm u skilly l r rochet ginnery cl calculating sva gudgeon l doomed andmanyother best prlces extrude worldwide shlpp confront lng easy hypothesis der form total confiden conquest tiaiity hyssop atisfied customers order egoistic oday save
"Subject: term paper  dr . kaminski ,  attached please find a copy of our term paper . advise  if you experience problems opening the attachment .  best regards ,  ken jett  - combo 2 [ 1 ] . v 2 . doc",0,term paper dr kaminski attached please find copy term paper advise experience problems opening attachment best regards ken jett combo v doc
"Subject: re : houston visit  soussan ,  it seems we have planned for all contingencies .  look forward to meeting you next week .  vince  "" faiz , soussan "" on 11 / 28 / 2000 06 : 51 : 51 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : houston visit  vince ,  your suggested arrangement is perfect with me and i love both italian or  steak . . . the choice is yours . i really look forward to our meeting vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : re : houston visit  soussan ,  let ' s meet at westin oaks next to the reception around 6 : 30 p . m . thursday .  there are several nice restaurants within a walking distance to the  galleria .  i shall make a reservation ( is italian or a steakhouse ok ? ) .  you can reach me on thursday at my cell phone 713 410 5396 .  look forward to meeting you .  vince  "" faiz , soussan "" on 11 / 27 / 2000 04 : 37 : 30 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : houston visit  great ! i look forward to our dinner on thurs . 12 / 7 evening . hopefully  your  flight will be on time . . . although having watched 60 minutes last night and  suffered from a # of delays lately , let ' s hope that the "" weather blame ""  doesn ' t get in the way . it ' s best to leave me a message @ my usual work #  on thurs . , 914 253 4187 , . . . i can easily check it in houston .  i ' ll be staying @ the westin oaks in the galleria . . . any preferred place  that i can book ( & for what time ) ? ? coming over to down town won ' t be a  problem for me either .  will be great to see you again .  soussan  914 253 4187  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , november 27 , 2000 12 : 10 pm  to : faizs @ texaco . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : houston visit  soussan ,  thanks for your message . it would be great to meet you when you come to  houston .  i shall be in town on december 7 , flying back from philly in the morning .  assuming that the flight is on schedule , i shall be available for dinner .  please , let me know how i can contact you on thursday , december the 7 th ,  to confirm .  look forward to meeting you .  vince  "" faiz , soussan "" on 11 / 26 / 2000 09 : 04 : 01 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : houston visit  dear vince ,  greetings from ny and hope that all is well and you had a great  thanksgiving . i ' ll be coming to houston for 12 / 6 - 12 / 7 and hope you are  available either evening for dinner . would be great to see you again and  catch up with the latest . . . i really enjoyed my visit last april , your  insights , and the risk book you gave me .  i do hope you ' re available to meet and pls let me know which evening suits  you better .  best ,  soussan faiz  texaco inc .  914 253 4187",0,houston visit soussan seems planned contingencies look forward meeting next week vince faiz soussan pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject houston visit vince suggested arrangement perfect love italian steak choice really look forward meeting vkaminski aol com subject houston visit soussan let meet westin oaks next reception around p thursday several nice restaurants within walking distance galleria shall make reservation italian steakhouse ok reach thursday cell phone look forward meeting vince faiz soussan pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject houston visit great look forward dinner thurs evening hopefully flight time although watched minutes last night suffered delays lately let hope weather blame get way best leave message usual work thurs easily check houston staying westin oaks galleria preferred place book time coming town problem either great see soussan original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday november pm faizs texaco com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject houston visit soussan thanks message would great meet come houston shall town december flying back philly morning assuming flight schedule shall available dinner please let know contact thursday december th confirm look forward meeting vince faiz soussan pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject houston visit dear vince greetings ny hope well great thanksgiving coming houston hope available either evening dinner would great see catch latest really enjoyed visit last april insights risk book gave hope available meet pls let know evening suits better best soussan faiz texaco inc
"Subject: 80 % discount on all adobe titles  opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro edition 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 systemworks pro 2004 edition 5 flash mx 20046 corel painter 87 adobe acrobat 6 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 . 0 wavefrontl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe creative suite premium adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 1149 . 00 price : $ 99 . 99 you save : $ 849 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : an integrated design environment featuring the industrys foremost design tools in - depth tips , expert tricks , and comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding , smooth workflow , and common interface and toolset single installer - - control what you install and when you install it cross - media publishing - - create content for both print and the web sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review .",1,discount adobe titles opt email special offer unsubscribe search software top new titles sale office pro edition windows xp pro adobe creative suite premium systemworks pro edition flash mx corel painter adobe acrobat windows server alias maya wavefrontl adobe premiere see manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought items microsoft office professional edition microsoft choose see options list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ise media cd rom download system requirements accessories versionsfeatures analyze manage business information using access databases exchange data systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules enhanced irm technology easy use wizards create e mail newsletters printed marketing materials preformatted business reports sales rank shipping international us via instant download date coupon expires may th average customer review based reviews write review microsoft windows xp professional longhorn edition microsoft choose see options list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ise media cd rom download system requirements accessories versionsfeatures designed businesses sizes manage digital pictures music video dvds security ability encrypt files folders built voice video instant messaging support integration windows servers management solutions sales rank shipping international us via instant download date coupon expires may th average customer review based reviews write review adobe creative suite premium adobe choose see options list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ise media cd rom download system requirements accessories versionsfeatures integrated design environment featuring industrys foremost design tools depth tips expert tricks comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding smooth workflow common interface toolset single installer control install install cross media publishing create content print web sales rank shipping international us via instant download date coupon expires may th average customer review based reviews write review
"Subject: rready to go in 15 minutes  hello , welcome to p attain harmonline sho vaccination p  - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical partsong shops  pother v  bodiless g  a billion l  l aquarius l  augmentative la  r labourist ac quadrigae l  penitence isv unspent a  cynicism um  andmanyother .  - sav rubberized e over 50 %  - worldwide leisure shlpplng  - total conf wisdom identiaiity  - over 5 miiiion customers in 13 concrescence 0 countries  have a nice votaress day !",1,rready go minutes hello welcome p attain harmonline sho vaccination p one leading oniine pharmaceutical partsong shops pother v bodiless g billion l l aquarius l augmentative la r labourist ac quadrigae l penitence isv unspent cynicism um andmanyother sav rubberized e worldwide leisure shlpplng total conf wisdom identiaiity miiiion customers concrescence countries nice votaress day
"Subject: re : invitation to speak at power 2000  emma ,  it ' s your choice . i can chair the session of day 2 or speak on one of these  topics .  please , let me know what works for you .  possible presentations :  evaluating the effectiveness of insurance as a risk management tool  or  applying real option theory to value power plants  or  overcoming the difficulties of accurately estimating volatility  vince  "" emma wolfin "" on 12 / 14 / 99 04 : 08 : 03 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : invitation to speak at power 2000  hi vince  it is my great pleasure to invite you to speak at power 2000 which will be  in houston on 9 & 10 may 2000 .  would you be interested in chairing one of the streams on day 2 of the  conference ? or making a full presentation on one of the days ? please let me  know which talks interest you . obviously , some of the talks are no longer  available but i would like to give you a choice as much as possible . please  could you get back to me asap on 212 925 1864 ext 151 or by return email .  i very much hope you can make the dates as i ' m very keen to have you  participate at power . not to flatter you unnecessarily , but i know that a  lot of people come to our conferences to hear what you have to say .  best regards  emma  - invite . doc",0,invitation speak power emma choice chair session day speak one topics please let know works possible presentations evaluating effectiveness insurance risk management tool applying real option theory value power plants overcoming difficulties accurately estimating volatility vince emma wolfin pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject invitation speak power hi vince great pleasure invite speak power houston may would interested chairing one streams day conference making full presentation one days please let know talks interest obviously talks longer available would like give choice much possible please could get back asap ext return email much hope make dates keen participate power flatter unnecessarily know lot people come conferences hear say best regards emma invite doc
"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is stronq enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  millions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1,ready get hello viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction like one jokes sais stronq enough man made woman orderinq viaqra oniine convinient fast secure way millions people daiiy save privacy money order
"Subject: bad supervisor : me !  norma ,  i have attached an updated org chart for my team .  i think the following changes need to be made  1 . paulo issler is reporting to zimin lu  2 . shalesh ganjoo is reporting to me ( who does the system show as his  supervisor , zimin ? )  also , i just found out that chonawee did not get his mid - year review . i  didn ' t realize that samer takriti never gave him a review . i have found all  of the mid - year feedback for chonawee , but i don ' t have an official "" form "" to  fill out for him to sign . can you send one to me , or what should i do ?  thanks ,  stinson  x 34748  norma villarreal  10 / 26 / 2000 08 : 30 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : peoplefinder feedback  please confrim that you are the supervisor for shalesh ganjoo . also , please  send an updated organizational chart of your group so that i can verify the  correct information .  thank you for your assistance in this matter .  norma villarreal  x 31545  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by norma villarreal / hou / ect on 10 / 26 / 2000  08 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : shalesh ganjoo 10 / 25 / 2000 09 : 29 pm  to : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : peoplefinder feedback  fyi . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect on 10 / 25 / 2000  09 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  people . finder @ enron  10 / 23 / 2000 10 : 19 am  sent by : curtis fincher @ enron  to : shalesh . ganjoo @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : peoplefinder feedback  shalesh ,  sap is showing ms . norma villarreal as your hr rep . we don ' t have the  authority to change supervisor names .  please work with your hr rep to correct this information .  regards ,  curtis fincher  shalesh . ganjoo @ enron . com on 10 / 21 / 2000 03 : 25 : 29 pm  to : people . finder @ enron . com  cc :  subject : peoplefinder feedback  my chain of command is :  stinson gibner vp ( supervisor )  vince kaminski md ( stinson ' s supervisor )  please correct this immediately . thank you .",0,bad supervisor norma attached updated org chart team think following changes need made paulo issler reporting zimin lu shalesh ganjoo reporting system show supervisor zimin also found chonawee get mid year review realize samer takriti never gave review found mid year feedback chonawee official form fill sign send one thanks stinson x norma villarreal stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject peoplefinder feedback please confrim supervisor shalesh ganjoo also please send updated organizational chart group verify correct information thank assistance matter norma villarreal x forwarded norma villarreal hou ect shalesh ganjoo pm norma villarreal hou ect ect cc subject peoplefinder feedback fyi forwarded shalesh ganjoo hou ect pm people finder enron sent curtis fincher enron shalesh ganjoo enron com cc subject peoplefinder feedback shalesh sap showing ms norma villarreal hr rep authority change supervisor names please work hr rep correct information regards curtis fincher shalesh ganjoo enron com pm people finder enron com cc subject peoplefinder feedback chain command stinson gibner vp supervisor vince kaminski md stinson supervisor please correct immediately thank
"Subject: mortgage information for you ! . . . . . . . .  has your mortgage search got you down ?  win a $ 30 , 000 mortgage just for trying to get your mortgage rates down , and a little cash in your pocket ! !  know who is telling you the truth ! we can solve all your problems .  visit our site today and in two minutes you can have us searching thousands of  programs and lenders for you . get the truth , get the facts , get your options  all in one shot . it ' s absolutely free , and you can be done in only two minutes ,  so click right now and put your worries behind you !  [ 247 ( ^ ( pol : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk ]",1,mortgage information mortgage search got win mortgage trying get mortgage rates little cash pocket know telling truth solve problems visit site today two minutes us searching thousands programs lenders get truth get facts get options one shot absolutely free done two minutes click right put worries behind pol kj j bjk
"Subject: fwd : invitation to the 20 th annual rutgers conference  paul ,  thank you for the invitation to speak at the eastern conferences on  regulation and competition on may the 25 th . i shall be glad to attend and  make an after dinner presentation . i hope to be able to attend the entire  conference .  sorry for a delay in responding to your message . i have been traveling  extensively in the last few weeks .  vince  return - path :  from : vkaminski @ aol . com  full - name : vkaminski  message - id :  date : thu , 15 mar 2001 17 : 04 : 02 est  subject : fwd : invitation to the 20 th annual rutgers conference  to : vkaminski @ aol . com  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary = "" part 2 _ 70 . 8 aeecl 9 . 27 e 29652 _ boundary ""  x - mailer : aol 6 . 0 for windows us sub 10501  return - path :  received : from rly - yho 3 . mx . aol . com ( rly - yho 3 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 147 . 35 ] )  by air - yho 3 . mail . aol . com ( v 77 _ rl . 21 ) with esmtp ; fri , 09 mar 2001 18 : 01 : 27  - 0500  received : from postmaster . enron . com ( outbound 5 . enron . com [ 192 . 152 . 140 . 9 ] ) by  rly - yho 3 . mx . aol . com ( v 77 _ rl . 21 ) with esmtp ; fri , 09 mar 2001 18 : 01 : 01 - 0500  received : from mailman . enron . com ( mailman . enron . com [ 192 . 168 . 189 . 66 ] ) by  postmaster . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 / postmaster - 1 . 00 ) with esmtp id xaao 2258 for  ; fri , 9 mar 2001 23 : 00 : 59 gmt  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  received : from nahou - msmswo 3 px . corp . enron . com ( [ 172 . 28 . 10 . 39 ] ) by  mailman . enron . com ( 8 . 10 . 1 / 8 . 10 . 1 / corp - 1 . 05 ) with esmtp id f 29 noxp 22494 for  ; fri , 9 mar 2001 17 : 00 : 59 - 0600 ( cst )  received : from ene - mtaol . enron . com ( unverified ) by  nahou - msmswo 3 px . corp . enron . com ( content technologies smtprs 4 . 1 . 5 ) with esmtp  id for  ; fri , 9 mar 2001 17 : 01 : 07 - 0600  subject : invitation to the 20 th annual rutgers conference  to : vkaminski @ aol . com  date : fri , 9 mar 2001 17 : 00 : 58 - 0600  message - id :  x - mimetrack : serialize by router on ene - mtaol / enron ( release 5 . 0 . 6 | december  14 , 2000 ) at 03 / 09 / 2001 04 : 58 : 03 pm  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / plain ; charset = us - ascii  x - mailer : unknown ( no version )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2001  05 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" kleindorfer , paul "" on 03 / 08 / 2001 03 : 41 : 21  pm  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc : "" ' mcrew @ andromeda . rutgers . edu ' ""  subject : invitation to the 20 th annual rutgers conference  vince :  for two decades now , i have been a member of the faculty helping to  organize the eastern conferences on regulation and competition that michael  crew of rutgers has chaired . this year will be , in fact , the 20 th  anniversary conference and a number of notable personages will be joining  us to celebrate what we have learned and what we haven ' t about the  economics of network industries . fred kahn , al philipps , bill hogan and a  number of other distinguished academics will be reviewing our progress and  the prospects for the future . the conference will take place at a  beautiful site in the poconos , about 90 minutes north of philadelphia , from  wednesday afternoon may 24 th to friday afternoon may 26 th . you can check  for yourself the nature of the program and the conference site / hotel at the  following website url :  http : / / www . rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri / ws . htm  michael crew and i would both be delighted if you would be willing to be an  after dinner speaker on thursday evening ( may 25 th ) , just before the key  research reviews of friday morning take place on the electricity , telephone  and gas industries , and following a day of special topics on emerging power  markets and other developments in network industries . naturally we would  be pleased if you would be able to stay for the entire conference , but  knowing your schedule , you may only have time for a part of it . that would  not be a problem . the usual after - dinner address is for 30 minutes ,  followed by a short q & a period .  your presentation would help to underline the tremendous importance of  enron in driving the development of new risk instruments to assist in price  discovery and efficient risk management for market participants , in energy  markets and more generally . both michael and i feel that your perspectives  on the "" new science of risk management "" and what can be expected from it  could be a very important addition to this special anniversay event .  please let me know ( and please do copy michael on your response ) whether  your schedule will allow your participation in this very special event .  michael and i would , of course , be very happy to follow up with you in  discussing the nature of the presentation , participants and so forth , if  this is a go . i look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  paul  paul kleindorfer  215 898 - 5830",0,fwd invitation th annual rutgers conference paul thank invitation speak eastern conferences regulation competition may th shall glad attend make dinner presentation hope able attend entire conference sorry delay responding message traveling extensively last weeks vince return path vkaminski aol com full name vkaminski message id date thu mar est subject fwd invitation th annual rutgers conference vkaminski aol com mime version content type multipart mixed boundary part aeecl e boundary x mailer aol windows us sub return path received rly yho mx aol com rly yho mail aol com air yho mail aol com v rl esmtp fri mar received postmaster enron com outbound enron com rly yho mx aol com v rl esmtp fri mar received mailman enron com mailman enron com postmaster enron com postmaster esmtp id xaao fri mar gmt vince j kaminski enron com received nahou msmswo px corp enron com mailman enron com corp esmtp id f noxp fri mar cst received ene mtaol enron com unverified nahou msmswo px corp enron com content technologies smtprs esmtp id fri mar subject invitation th annual rutgers conference vkaminski aol com date fri mar message id x mimetrack serialize router ene mtaol enron release december pm mime version content type text plain charset us ascii x mailer unknown version forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm kleindorfer paul pm vkamins enron com cc mcrew andromeda rutgers edu subject invitation th annual rutgers conference vince two decades member faculty helping organize eastern conferences regulation competition michael crew rutgers chaired year fact th anniversary conference number notable personages joining us celebrate learned economics network industries fred kahn al philipps bill hogan number distinguished academics reviewing progress prospects future conference take place beautiful site poconos minutes north philadelphia wednesday afternoon may th friday afternoon may th check nature program conference site hotel following website url http www rci rutgers edu crri ws htm michael crew would delighted would willing dinner speaker thursday evening may th key research reviews friday morning take place electricity telephone gas industries following day special topics emerging power markets developments network industries naturally would pleased would able stay entire conference knowing schedule may time part would problem usual dinner address minutes followed short q period presentation would help underline tremendous importance enron driving development new risk instruments assist price discovery efficient risk management market participants energy markets generally michael feel perspectives new science risk management expected could important addition special anniversay event please let know please copy michael response whether schedule allow participation special event michael would course happy follow discussing nature presentation participants forth go look forward hearing regards paul paul kleindorfer
"Subject: greg whalley ' s new office location  greg whalley and i have moved to the 33 rd floor .  greg ' s new office location is eb 3324 - steno # 549  i ' m located at eb 3322 - steno # 598  many thanks ,  liz taylor",0,greg whalley new office location greg whalley moved rd floor greg new office location eb steno located eb steno many thanks liz taylor
"Subject: re : a / a program question  gwyn :  just because the a / a program does not have a contract does not mean  that enron does not . do you have a telephone number for melly ' s  and i will call them directly and ask her if she has a contract .  thanks !  shirley  gwyn koepke @ enron  10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 22 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : a / a program question  vince ,  the a / a program does not have a contract in place with melly language  services . it appears that by the note below from my contact in the a / a - hr  department , the reimbursement policy appears to be driven by department , not  enron at large .  as i mentioned earlier , if i continue with my current tutor , but outside of  the melly language services , the cost to the department will decrease for me  to take french classes .  pls advise if research will be able to continue to fund my lessons .  many thanks ,  gwyn koepke  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 19  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : ivonne brown 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 17 pm  to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : a / a program question  gwyn ,  in the past the associate & analyst program use to pick - up the cost for the  classes , but they stopped doing so effective 1 / 99 . ( although , some business  units decided to continue paying for it - you may want to double check with  your business unit to whether or not they have a contract . the a / a dept does  not . ) please let me know if you have additional questions .  thank you for your patience .  sincerely ,  ivonne brown  gwyn koepke  10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 15 pm  to : ivonne brown / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : a / a program question  ivonne , have you been able to find an answer to the attached ? thanks !  gwyn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 14  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gwyn koepke  10 / 19 / 2000 08 : 25 pm  to : ivonne brown / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : a / a program question  ivonne ,  i am currently enrolled in a french language class thru enron and melly ' s  language services , and my group is paying the cost directly .  i am considering quitting the melly ' s language program in favor of an outside  private tutor , for a number of reasons . it will be cheaper too .  i would like to know :  1 . does enron have a contract in place with melly ' s language service , to be  the exclusive provider of language services to enron ?  2 . will enron pay the costs of my language classes if they are held outside  of the melly contract ( if any ) ?  i just want to make sure that if i decide to "" drop out "" of the melly classes  and sign up for other private tutoring courses , which will be less expensive  than the melly svc , that enron will not have a problem picking up the tab .  vince kaminski , the md , wants to know this , to ensure there is no legal  restriction on who must provide these language services in order to secure  enron reimbursement .  thanks for your help .  gwyn koepke",0,program question gwyn program contract mean enron telephone number melly call directly ask contract thanks shirley gwyn koepke enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject program question vince program contract place melly language services appears note contact hr department reimbursement policy appears driven department enron large mentioned earlier continue current tutor outside melly language services cost department decrease take french classes pls advise research able continue fund lessons many thanks gwyn koepke forwarded gwyn koepke na enron pm ivonne brown pm gwyn koepke na enron enron cc subject program question gwyn past associate analyst program use pick cost classes stopped effective although business units decided continue paying may want double check business unit whether contract dept please let know additional questions thank patience sincerely ivonne brown gwyn koepke pm ivonne brown na enron enron cc subject program question ivonne able find answer attached thanks gwyn forwarded gwyn koepke na enron pm gwyn koepke pm ivonne brown na enron enron cc subject program question ivonne currently enrolled french language class thru enron melly language services group paying cost directly considering quitting melly language program favor outside private tutor number reasons cheaper would like know enron contract place melly language service exclusive provider language services enron enron pay costs language classes held outside melly contract want make sure decide drop melly classes sign private tutoring courses less expensive melly svc enron problem picking tab vince kaminski md wants know ensure legal restriction must provide language services order secure enron reimbursement thanks help gwyn koepke
"Subject: new invoice for energy and weather  vince ,  ?  please find attached a replacement invoice for invoice number 215 . ? this  invoice includes the correction in charges for the weather course , and for  only one attendee for the energy derivatives course .  ?  if you should have any questions , please contact me .  ?  sincerely ,  julie  - enron 283 _ 9 _ 04 _ 01 . doc",0,new invoice energy weather vince please find attached replacement invoice invoice number invoice includes correction charges weather course one attendee energy derivatives course questions please contact sincerely julie enron doc
"Subject: naturally irresistible your corporate identity  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte  will make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your  company wiil automaticaliy become a world ieader : it isguite clear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,naturally irresistible corporate identity lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwheiming good catchy logo styllsh statlonery outstandlng webslte make task much easier promise ordered ioqo company wiil automaticaliy become world ieader isguite clear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: get your babies diapers bill paid for a year .  your family could definately use this , now go .  mjirartt",1,get babies diapers bill paid year family could definately use go mjirartt
"Subject: [ ilug ] assistance  from : col . michael bundu .  democratic republic of congo .  tel no : your country intl . access code + 8821652098236  email : mikebundu @ rediffmail . com  dear sir / madam  seeking your immediate assistance .  please permit me to make your acquaintance in so informal a manner . this  is necessitated by my urgent need to reach a  dependable and trust worthy foreign partner . this request may seem strange  and unsolicited but i crave your indulgence  and pray that you view it seriously . my name is col . michael bundu of the  democratic republic of congo and one of  the close aides to the former president of the democratic republic of  congo laurent kabila of blessed memory , may  his soul rest in peace .  due to the military campaign of laurent kabila to force out the rebels in  my country , i and some of my colleagues were  instructed by late president kabila to go abroad to purchase arms and  ammunition worth of twenty million , five hundred  thousand united states dollars only ( us $ 20 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) to fight the rebel  group . we were then given this money privately  by the then president , laurent kabila , without the knowledge of other  cabinet members . but when president kabila  was killed in a bloody shoot - out by one of his bodyguards a day before we  were schedule to travel out of congo , we  immediately decided to put the funds into a private security company here  in congo for safe keeping . the security of the  said amount is presently being threatened here following the arrest and  seizure of properties of col . rasheidi karesava  ( one of the aides to laurent kabila ) a tribesman , and some other military  personnel from our same tribe , by the new  president of the democratic republic of congo , the son of late president  laurent kabila , joseph kabila .  in view of this , we need a reliable and trustworthy foreign partner who  can assist us to move this money out of my country  as the beneficiary .  we have sufficient ' ' contacts ' ' here to move the fund under diplomatic  cover to a security company in europe in your  name . this is to ensure that the diplomatic baggage is marked  ' ' confidential ' ' and it  will not pass through normal custom / airport screening and clearance .  our inability to move this money out of congo all this while stems from  our lack of trust of our supposed good friends  ( western countries ) who suddenly became hostile to those of us who worked  with the late president kabila , immediately  after his son took office . though we have neither seen nor met each other ,  the information we gathered from an associate  who has worked in your country has encouraged and convinced us that with  your sincere assistance , this transaction will  be properly handled with modesty and honesty to a huge success within two  weeks . the said money is a state fund and  therefore requires a total confidentiality .  we would please need you to stand on our behalf as the beneficiary of this  fund in europe . this is because we are under  restricted movement and watch and hence we want to be very careful in  order not to lose this fund which we have worked  so hard for . thus , if you are willing to assist us to move this fund out  of congo , you can contact me through my email  addresses , tel / fax nos . above with your telephone , fax number and personal  information to enable us discuss the  modalities and what will be your share ( percentage ) for assisting us .  please note that there are no risks involved in this deal as everyone ' s  security is guaranteed if we follow the required  guidelines . i will hence furnish you with further details of this deal as  soon as i am assured of your sincere interest to assist  us .  i must use this opportunity and medium to implore you to exercise the  utmost indulgence to keep this matter extraordinarily  confidential , whatever your decision , while i await your prompt response .  thank you and god bless .  best regards  col . michael bundu ( rtd ) . m _ bundu @ rediffmail . com  n \ b . when you are calling my line , you dial your country intl . access  code , then you dial directly , do not include my country  code i . e . ( 243 ) . just dial your country intl . access code + 88216  52098236 . you can also contact me through the above  email addresses .  - -  irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug assistance col michael bundu democratic republic congo tel country intl access code email mikebundu rediffmail com dear sir madam seeking immediate assistance please permit make acquaintance informal manner necessitated urgent need reach dependable trust worthy foreign partner request may seem strange unsolicited crave indulgence pray view seriously name col michael bundu democratic republic congo one close aides former president democratic republic congo laurent kabila blessed memory may soul rest peace due military campaign laurent kabila force rebels country colleagues instructed late president kabila go abroad purchase arms ammunition worth twenty million five hundred thousand united states dollars us fight rebel group given money privately president laurent kabila without knowledge cabinet members president kabila killed bloody shoot one bodyguards day schedule travel congo immediately decided put funds private security company congo safe keeping security said amount presently threatened following arrest seizure properties col rasheidi karesava one aides laurent kabila tribesman military personnel tribe new president democratic republic congo son late president laurent kabila joseph kabila view need reliable trustworthy foreign partner assist us move money country beneficiary sufficient contacts move fund diplomatic cover security company europe name ensure diplomatic baggage marked confidential pass normal custom airport screening clearance inability move money congo stems lack trust supposed good friends western countries suddenly became hostile us worked late president kabila immediately son took office though neither seen met information gathered associate worked country encouraged convinced us sincere assistance transaction properly handled modesty honesty huge success within two weeks said money state fund therefore requires total confidentiality would please need stand behalf beneficiary fund europe restricted movement watch hence want careful order lose fund worked hard thus willing assist us move fund congo contact email addresses tel fax nos telephone fax number personal information enable us discuss modalities share percentage assisting us please note risks involved deal everyone security guaranteed follow required guidelines hence furnish details deal soon assured sincere interest assist us must use opportunity medium implore exercise utmost indulgence keep matter extraordinarily confidential whatever decision await prompt response thank god bless best regards col michael bundu rtd bundu rediffmail com n b calling line dial country intl access code dial directly include country code e dial country intl access code also contact email addresses irish linux users group ilug linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo ilug un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: yen outlook  vince ,  as a followup to our meeting with david port and rudi zipter re enron ' s  investment in sk - enron , maureen and i wrote the attached position paper on  the japanese yen . as we have discussed , the volatility of the won closely  tracks fluctuation in the yen , and this yen position paper is intended to  complement the won outlook piece for a broader perspective on currencies that  takes into account the yen ' s influence on asian currencies . .  we would like to distribute this outlook to david and rudi , but wanted to  send it to you for initial reaction prior to internal distribution .  thank you , and let me know if you have any questions or comments re the  attached .  gwyn",0,yen outlook vince followup meeting david port rudi zipter enron investment sk enron maureen wrote attached position paper japanese yen discussed volatility closely tracks fluctuation yen yen position paper intended complement outlook piece broader perspective currencies takes account yen influence asian currencies would like distribute outlook david rudi wanted send initial reaction prior internal distribution thank let know questions comments attached gwyn
"Subject: credit model  paulo ,  i have talked to vince and stinson about the credit model enhancement and  extension .  we will pull other reseource for the potential exposure model , so you will be  relieved from this more  challenging part of the project .  due to our limited manpower , everyone is overloaded with multiple tasks . so  we still think you  are the best person for the short term project which is adding the asian  option to the existing model ( ask  amitava for help if needed ) .  i do not mind if you want to re - negotiate with the customer about the  delivery date , but keep in mind that ees  has done deals requiring the asian option valuation in the credit model .  zimin",0,credit model paulo talked vince stinson credit model enhancement extension pull reseource potential exposure model relieved challenging part project due limited manpower everyone overloaded multiple tasks still think best person short term project adding asian option existing model ask amitava help needed mind want negotiate customer delivery date keep mind ees done deals requiring asian option valuation credit model zimin
"Subject: fas 133 working group meeting - energy issues 9 / 20  dear working group participant  we are stating up the garp fas 133 working group meetings again . the next  meeting is on wednesday september 20 from 6 : 30 - 8 : 30 central time in  houston .  phone - in will be provided .  greetings from garp ! we are having the next meeting september 20 th at  enron , from 6 : 30 pm until 8 : 30 pm . due to security we need everyone to rsvp ,  including the names of any guest they may be bringing . please rsvp to  rita . hennessy @ enron . com .  the meeting will cover sfas 133 and related risk management issues .  sajjad rizvi and phillip merrill ( garp chairman relating to sfas 133 ) will  be presenting . attendence is anticipated to include risk  control / accounting / and quantitative analyst . below is the following  agenda :  "" fasl 33 and beyond ; an update on sfas 138 and eitf 98 - 10 ""  overview of ? 4 major amendments to sfas 133 , that were made in 138 ,  accounting for certain derivative instruments and certain hedging  activities  impact of the expanded definition of normal purchase normal sales  on the commodity transactions .  update on all the recently finalized implementation issues from  dig since the last garp meeting in may / june 2000 .  discussion on ? eitf 98 - 10 issues on energy related contracts .  ? ? ? eitf 00 - t - capacity ? contract subject to ? lease accounting  treatment under sfas 13 .  ? ? ? eitf 96 - 17 - power contracts - long term  ? ? ? eitf 91 - 6 - ? power contracts - long term  outline garp ' s role and methodology in dealing with the fasb regarding  energy related issues  overview of fasb and dig rule making process and how garp can make  impact  discussion to find common ground on issues relating to this new  accounting rule  outstanding issues in the energy industry , including capacity  sales transactions , book - outs etc .  prioritizing issues  explore various positions and how to take next steps  the issues presented by sfas 133 are very dynamic and the presenters have  requested that if you would like a particular issue raised at this meeting ,  please direct your interests and questions to sajjad rizvi at  lima @ flash . net , or call sajjad at 281 - 579 - 3410  again , i would like to extend a thank you to our presenters and i look  forward to your attendence .  regards ,  frank hayden  director - garp houston chapter",0,fas working group meeting energy issues dear working group participant stating garp fas working group meetings next meeting wednesday september central time houston phone provided greetings garp next meeting september th enron pm pm due security need everyone rsvp including names guest may bringing please rsvp rita hennessy enron com meeting cover sfas related risk management issues sajjad rizvi phillip merrill garp chairman relating sfas presenting attendence anticipated include risk control accounting quantitative analyst following agenda fasl beyond update sfas eitf overview major amendments sfas made accounting certain derivative instruments certain hedging activities impact expanded definition normal purchase normal sales commodity transactions update recently finalized implementation issues dig since last garp meeting may june discussion eitf issues energy related contracts eitf capacity contract subject lease accounting treatment sfas eitf power contracts long term eitf power contracts long term outline garp role methodology dealing fasb regarding energy related issues overview fasb dig rule making process garp make impact discussion find common ground issues relating new accounting rule outstanding issues energy industry including capacity sales transactions book outs etc prioritizing issues explore various positions take next steps issues presented sfas dynamic presenters requested would like particular issue raised meeting please direct interests questions sajjad rizvi lima flash net call sajjad would like extend thank presenters look forward attendence regards frank hayden director garp houston chapter
"Subject: elektronik lottery promotion prize awards ! ! !  from : government accredited licensed lottery promoters . winning notice for category \ "" a \ "" winner  dear lucky winner ,  re : elektronik lotto promotion prize awards winning notification  we are pleased to inform you of the result of the just concluded annual  final draws of lotto international netherlands programs .  the online cyber lotto draws was conducted from an exclusive list of  25 , 000 e - mail addresses of individual and corporate bodies picked by an  advanced automated random computer search from the internet . no tickets were sold . after this automated computer ballot , your e - mail address emerged as one of two winners in the category \ "" a \ "" with the following :  ref number : pc 390 es 214  batch number : 26371545 - lni / 2005  ticket number : pcp 002 871  you as well as the other winner are therefore to receive a cash prize  of 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 . ( one million , five hundred thousand euro only ) each from the total payout . your prize award has been insured  with your e - mail address and will be transferred to you upon meeting  our requirements , statutory obligations , verifications , validations and  satisfactory report .  to begin the claims processing of your prize winnings you are advised  to contact our licensed and accredited claims agent for category  \ "" a \ "" winners with the information below :  mr . van bell ,  remittance department director ,  tel : + 31 617 186 560  e - mail : vanbell @ nzoomail . com  vanbell 2005 @ web - mail . com . ar  you are also advised to provide him with the under listed information  as soon as possible :  1 . name in full  2 . address  3 . nationality  4 . age  5 . occupation  6 . phone / fax  note : all winnings must be claimed not later than 14 days . after this  dateall unclaimed funds would be included in the next stake .  remember to quote your reference information in all correspondence .  you are to keep all lotto information away from the general public  especially your reference and ticket numbers . ( this is important as a  case of double claims will not be entertained ) . members of the affiliate  agencies are automatically not allowed to participate in this program .  thank you and congratulations ! ! !  yours faithfully ,  mrs . lynn rowlands ,  games / lottery coordinator .  lotto international netherlands  www . lotto . nl  this email may contain information which is confidential and / or  privileged . the information is intended solely for the use of the  individual or entity named above . if you are not the intended  recipient , be aware that any disclosure , copying , distribution or use of  the contents is prohibited . if you have received this electronic  transmission in error , please notify the sender by telephone or return  email and delete the material from your computer .  mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site  - http : / / skdclan . wwwpuntocom . com",1,elektronik lottery promotion prize awards government accredited licensed lottery promoters winning notice category winner dear lucky winner elektronik lotto promotion prize awards winning notification pleased inform result concluded annual final draws lotto international netherlands programs online cyber lotto draws conducted exclusive list e mail addresses individual corporate bodies picked advanced automated random computer search internet tickets sold automated computer ballot e mail address emerged one two winners category following ref number pc es batch number lni ticket number pcp well winner therefore receive cash prize one million five hundred thousand euro total payout prize award insured e mail address transferred upon meeting requirements statutory obligations verifications validations satisfactory report begin claims processing prize winnings advised contact licensed accredited claims agent category winners information mr van bell remittance department director tel e mail vanbell nzoomail com vanbell web mail com ar also advised provide listed information soon possible name full address nationality age occupation phone fax note winnings must claimed later days dateall unclaimed funds would included next stake remember quote reference information correspondence keep lotto information away general public especially reference ticket numbers important case double claims entertained members affiliate agencies automatically allowed participate program thank congratulations faithfully mrs lynn rowlands games lottery coordinator lotto international netherlands www lotto nl email may contain information confidential privileged information intended solely use individual entity named intended recipient aware disclosure copying distribution use contents prohibited received electronic transmission error please notify sender telephone return email delete material computer mail sent webmail service php nuke powered site http skdclan wwwpuntocom com
"Subject: re : visit to enron  vince ,  dec . 29 at 9 : 00 will be fine . i have talked to shirley and have  directions .  thanks , bob  vince j kaminski wrote :  > bob ,  >  > can you come to our office on dec 29 at 9 : 00 a . m . ?  >  > please , call shirley crenshaw ( 3 - 5290 ) or stinson gibner ( 3 - 4748 )  > from the reception to be admitted to the building .  >  > vince kaminski",0,visit enron vince dec fine talked shirley directions thanks bob vince j kaminski wrote bob come office dec please call shirley crenshaw stinson gibner reception admitted building vince kaminski
Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the request you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 usr 8 v  order for : anita dupont  1 x ( standard desktop $ 905 ) enron it purchasing  * please send all status inquiries regarding this request to :  mailto : receiving & hardware @ enron . com,0,confirmation order automatic confirmation request placed using central request number ecth usr v order anita dupont x standard desktop enron purchasing please send status inquiries regarding request mailto receiving hardware enron com
"Subject: password for pjm 101 : the basics  dear pjm attendees :  for pjm 101 : the basics - febuary 27 , 2001 @ 9 : 00 am et  your username and password will both be pjm + the first 3 letters of your  last name . for instance my username and password would be pjmcur .  feel free to go to our web site and change this at any time .  http : / / www . virtual - workshops . com  if you have any questions regarding this , give me a call .",0,password pjm basics dear pjm attendees pjm basics febuary et username password pjm first letters last name instance username password would pjmcur feel free go web site change time http www virtual workshops com questions regarding give call
"Subject: ( no subject )  want to watch hardcore porn movies ?  our site is voted the # 1 broadband movie site online !  click this link to watch our steaming chix in action :  to unsubscribe from our list enter you email here :  http : / / www . froggyhost . com / clubs / remove /  [ jk 9 ^ "" : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ]  http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork",1,subject want watch hardcore porn movies site voted broadband movie site online click link watch steaming chix action unsubscribe list enter email http www froggyhost com clubs remove jk h tgobk nkiys http xent com mailman listinfo fork
"Subject: re :  jeff ,  the meeting is scheduled for wednesday afternoon .  vince  from : jeffrey a shankman 07 / 31 / 2000 12 : 56 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : barbara lewis / hou / ect @ ect  subject :  please make sure our meeting with skilling gets onto my calendar . thanks .  jeff",0,jeff meeting scheduled wednesday afternoon vince jeffrey shankman pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc barbara lewis hou ect ect subject please make sure meeting skilling gets onto calendar thanks jeff
"Subject: re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  rick ,  i asked greg whalley and he declined ( he has a speaking  engagement in london a day before ) .  i have sent an invitation to louise kitchen and she has not  replied yet . i shall catch her at the management conference in san antonio  and  ask for a commitment . it would help if you could mention this to her as well .  vince  richard causey @ enron  11 / 14 / 2000 09 : 30 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  where do we stand on this ? is someone else going to do it ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard causey / corp / enron on 11 / 14 / 2000  09 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 29 : 05 pm  to : richard . causey @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  at 12 : 10 pm 10 / 13 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote :  > in checking with jeff ' s assistant this morning , we hope to get clarity on  > the schedule later today or monday ( at the latest , hopefully ! ) .  to paraphrase daneil webster ' s famous quote , "" how stands our conference ? ""  best ,  ehud  ehud i . ronn  professor of finance and jack s . josey professor in energy studies  director , center for energy finance education and research  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,spring conference participation jeffrey k skilling rick asked greg whalley declined speaking engagement london day sent invitation louise kitchen replied yet shall catch management conference san antonio ask commitment would help could mention well vince richard causey enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject spring conference participation jeffrey k skilling stand someone else going forwarded richard causey corp enron ehud ronn pm richard causey enron com cc subject spring conference participation jeffrey k skilling pm wrote checking jeff assistant morning hope get clarity schedule later today monday latest hopefully paraphrase daneil webster famous quote stands conference best ehud ehud ronn professor finance jack josey professor energy studies director center energy finance education research mccombs school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: re : holidays and vacations  tanya ,  no problem .  vince  tanya tamarchenko  11 / 20 / 2000 02 : 52 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : holidays and vacations  shirley ,  i am planning to take the following days off in december :  12 / 21 , 12 / 22 , 12 / 27 , 12 / 28 .  i ' d like to take 12 / 21 as discretionary day , and 3 other days as vacation  days .  tanya",0,holidays vacations tanya problem vince tanya tamarchenko pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject holidays vacations shirley planning take following days december like take discretionary day days vacation days tanya
"Subject: enroncredit . com report for 12 . 10  fyi `  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by benjamin parsons / lon / ect on 13 / 10 / 2000  09 : 16 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  katja schilling  13 / 10 / 2000 08 : 40  to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , deborah edwards / lon / ect @ ect , edmund  cooper / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect ,  eva hoeffelman / lon / ect @ ect , jackie gentle / lon / ect @ ect , steve w  young / lon / ect @ ect , tim davies / lon / ect @ ect , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect , denis  o ' connell / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , rod  nelson / lon / ect @ ect , jeff kinneman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne wadey / lon / ect @ ect ,  enroncredit . com london , enroncredit . com houston , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect ,  philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , drew c  lynch / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : enroncredit . com report for 12 . 10  1 . credit quality  2 . website",0,enroncredit com report fyi forwarded benjamin parsons lon ect katja schilling john sherriff lon ect ect deborah edwards lon ect ect edmund cooper lon ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect william bradford hou ect ect eva hoeffelman lon ect ect jackie gentle lon ect ect steve w young lon ect ect tim davies lon ect ect mark pickering lon ect ect denis connell lon ect ect david wall risk mgmt lon ect ect rod nelson lon ect ect jeff kinneman hou ect ect joanne wadey lon ect ect enroncredit com london enroncredit com houston michael r brown lon ect ect philippe bibi hou ect ect louise kitchen hou ect ect drew c lynch lon ect ect cc subject enroncredit com report credit quality website
"Subject: re : my model for spikes  valery ,  i am interested in receiving the preprint .  on another note , i would be glad to meet you for lunch / dinner  sometimes during the next few weeks .  please , let me know what would be the best time to meet .  vince  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  "" valery kholodnyi "" on 12 / 20 / 2000 03 : 13 : 09 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : my model for spikes  dear dr . kaminski ,  i was recently allowed to release into the public domain on the limited basis  the first of the preprints that i recently authored on my model for spikes in  power prices and for the valuation of the contingent claims on power . in this  regard , i have just given a talk on this model at the joint seminar of the  center for energy finance education and research and the institute for  computational finance at the ut austin . right now i am also in the process of  forming a list of specialists both in the industry and academia who might be  interested in receiving this preprint . please let me know if you might be  interested in receiving this preprint .  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely yours ,  valery kholodnyi  manager of quantitative analysis  research and analytics group  txu energy trading  ps . here are the main preprints that i have recently authored on my model for  spikes in power prices and valuation of contingent claims on power :  1 . valery a . kholodnyi , the stochastic process for power prices with spikes  and  valuation of european contingent claims on power , preprint , txu - rag - 01 / 00 ,  july  2000 .  2 . valery a . khlolodnyi , valuation of a swing option on power with spikes ,  preprint txu - rag - 05 / 00 , august , 2000 .  3 . valery a . kholodnyi , valuation of a spark spread option on power with  spikes ,  preprint txu - rag - 21 / 00 , november 2000 .  4 . valery a . kholodnyi , valuation of european contingent claims on power at  two  distinct points on the grid with spikes in both power prices , preprint  txu - rag - 24 / 00 , november 2000 .  5 . valery a . kholodnyi , valuation of a transmission option on power with  spikes ,  preprint txu - rag - 25 / 00 , november 2000 .  as i have indicated to you in my previous e - mail , contrary to the standard  approaches , i model spikes directly , as self - reversing jumps on top of a  stochastic process for the regular dynamics of power prices in the absence of  spikes . in this way the dynamics of power prices is modeled as a non - markovian  process , even if the process for the regular dynamics of power prices is  markovian . among other things my model for spikes allows for the explicit  valuation and hedging of contingent claims on power with spikes , provided that  the corresponding contingent claims on power can be valued and hedged in the  absence of spikes .",0,model spikes valery interested receiving preprint another note would glad meet lunch dinner sometimes next weeks please let know would best time meet vince vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com valery kholodnyi pm vkamins enron com cc subject model spikes dear dr kaminski recently allowed release public domain limited basis first preprints recently authored model spikes power prices valuation contingent claims power regard given talk model joint seminar center energy finance education research institute computational finance ut austin right also process forming list specialists industry academia might interested receiving preprint please let know might interested receiving preprint look forward hearing sincerely valery kholodnyi manager quantitative analysis research analytics group txu energy trading ps main preprints recently authored model spikes power prices valuation contingent claims power valery kholodnyi stochastic process power prices spikes valuation european contingent claims power preprint txu rag july valery khlolodnyi valuation swing option power spikes preprint txu rag august valery kholodnyi valuation spark spread option power spikes preprint txu rag november valery kholodnyi valuation european contingent claims power two distinct points grid spikes power prices preprint txu rag november valery kholodnyi valuation transmission option power spikes preprint txu rag november indicated previous e mail contrary standard approaches model spikes directly self reversing jumps top stochastic process regular dynamics power prices absence spikes way dynamics power prices modeled non markovian process even process regular dynamics power prices markovian among things model spikes allows explicit valuation hedging contingent claims power spikes provided corresponding contingent claims power valued hedged absence spikes
"Subject: re : summer visits  steve ,  i can pick up the cost of your trip from the research group budget .  the more i think about it , the more i am convinced it would be difficult  to justify 2 trips per person . i think that we should go for one contiguous  stay per person and make a good  effort to make these trips productive .  vince  steven leppard  05 / 11 / 2000 03 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  subject : summer visits  vince  thanks for offering to look my presentation over . the deadline for  submission has been extended until tomorrow ( friday ) , so there ' s less of a  hurry .  as regard our summer visits , we ' ll need to speak to dale over the budget .  personal commitments mean it ' s difficult for me to take two whole months to  visit , so if the cost is prohibitive i may need to make just one shorter  visit . i ' d obviously like to spend longer , and two visits seems to be the  only way i can do it . i believe the situation is similar for kirstee .  i ' ve persuaded richard to pay for matt ' s visit in its entirety , and i ' ve no  doubt that rac / credit trading will pick up the bills for ben and kirstee .  it ' s difficult to think who ' d be the natural group to pay for me . i honestly  think i ' ll have difficulty persuading , e . g . richard , that it ' s worth his  while to pay for my visit . i get the impression he thinks i ' m doing ok  without the need to go to houston for further training .  i ' m interviewing a candidate for bjorn ' s model review role during today ' s  videoconference , so we ' ll need to speak beforehand or perhaps friday .  all the best ,  steve  vince j kaminski  05 / 10 / 2000 01 : 54 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant  masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  subject : conference  steve ,  i am tied up at the power 2000 conference .  i shall get back to you with my comments on thursday morning .  i also want to talk to you tomorrow about finalizing the dates of the summer  rotations . we are talking to hr here about apartments , car rentals ,  and other arrangements for the london team for the summer . i promised  to give them the names and dates by the end of the week .  sorry for the delay in sending you my comments .  vince",0,summer visits steve pick cost trip research group budget think convinced would difficult justify trips per person think go one contiguous stay per person make good effort make trips productive vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc dale surbey lon ect ect subject summer visits vince thanks offering look presentation deadline submission extended tomorrow friday less hurry regard summer visits need speak dale budget personal commitments mean difficult take two whole months visit cost prohibitive may need make one shorter visit obviously like spend longer two visits seems way believe situation similar kirstee persuaded richard pay matt visit entirety doubt rac credit trading pick bills ben kirstee difficult think natural group pay honestly think difficulty persuading e g richard worth pay visit get impression thinks ok without need go houston training interviewing candidate bjorn model review role today videoconference need speak beforehand perhaps friday best steve vince j kaminski pm steven leppard lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect subject conference steve tied power conference shall get back comments thursday morning also want talk tomorrow finalizing dates summer rotations talking hr apartments car rentals arrangements london team summer promised give names dates end week sorry delay sending comments vince
"Subject: re : reminder  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 10 / 2001  05 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  01 / 08 / 2001 01 : 10 pm  to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : reminder  sandeep ,  i am meeting jeff on tuesday , 1 : 30 .  the best number to reach me ( outside the office ) is my cell phone  ( always on ) : 713 410 5396 .  my home number is 281 367 5377 .  vince  sandeep kohli @ enron _ development  01 / 06 / 2001 08 : 30 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : reminder  vince ,  before leaving for india i just wanted to jot you this small reminder to talk  to jeff shankman on monday .  aside from myself , i wanted to remind you to talk about anshuman shrivastava ,  who is currently assistant manager in india , and has my recommendation for  promotion to manager . he is our point person on many dpc matters , and is  also the person i have used on most fuel related issues . he will be a real  asset to jeff when located in houston . sinc he is single , and quite young ,  it will not be a problem to move him here at short notice .  i will call you from india as soon as i get in . it will be monday evening in  houston at that time , so could you please jot me a note telling me what would  be a good number to call you on .  i look forward to working with the team in research .  thanks again ,  regards ,  sandeep .",0,reminder forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm sandeep kohli enron development enron development cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject reminder sandeep meeting jeff tuesday best number reach outside office cell phone always home number vince sandeep kohli enron development pm vince j kaminski ect cc subject reminder vince leaving india wanted jot small reminder talk jeff shankman monday aside wanted remind talk anshuman shrivastava currently assistant manager india recommendation promotion manager point person many dpc matters also person used fuel related issues real asset jeff located houston sinc single quite young problem move short notice call india soon get monday evening houston time could please jot note telling would good number call look forward working team research thanks regards sandeep
"Subject: chicago partners  davis ,  i sent out the memo . no reaction yet .  vince",0,chicago partners davis sent memo reaction yet vince
"Subject: double coverage amount , same payment . . . uyz  save up to  75 % on your term life  insurance !  compare rates from top insurance companies around  the country  in our life and times , it ' s important to plan for  your family ' s future , while  being comfortable financially . choose the right  life insurance policy today .  click the link below to compare the lowest rates  and save up to 75 %  compare your coverage  you ' ll be able to compare rates and get a free  application in less than a minute !  * get your free instant quotes . . .  * compare the lowest prices , then . . .  * select a company and apply online .  get a free quote now !  you can ' t predict the future , but you can always  prepare for it .  referral - agent",1,double coverage amount payment uyz save term life insurance compare rates top insurance companies around country life times important plan family future comfortable financially choose right life insurance policy today click link compare lowest rates save compare coverage able compare rates get free application less minute get free instant quotes compare lowest prices select company apply online get free quote predict future always prepare referral agent
"Subject: colorado  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 08 / 17 / 2000  11 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : samer takriti @ enron communications on 08 / 17 / 2000 10 : 57 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : colorado  stinson ,  i prefer to skip the trip . as i said , it would feel a little uncomofortable  and strange . thanks though .  - samer",0,colorado fyi forwarded stinson gibner hou ect samer takriti enron communications stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject colorado stinson prefer skip trip said would feel little uncomofortable strange thanks though samer
"Subject: re : thank you  vince ,  you were a most gracious guest , and we were honored to have you in our home .  i am happy that you are tony ' s friend , and it was a great pleasure for me to  get to know you also .  and again , thank you very much for the lovely bouquet of roses .  elisabeth .",0,thank vince gracious guest honored home happy tony friend great pleasure get know also thank much lovely bouquet roses elisabeth
"Subject: request for visit and meeting  these guys are looking to come in the first few weeks of august . what is  your availability ?  grant .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 07 / 20 / 2000 08 : 18  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  carlos eduardo machado @ enron _ development  07 / 18 / 2000 06 : 28 pm  to : grant masson @ ect  cc : gabriel sanchez - sierra / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : request for visit and meeting  hi grant , we met briefly a couple of months ago . i work with pedro in the  colombia office . we are working closely with ecopetrol ( colombia ' s  state - owned oil company ) on a very important deal , and some of their highest  ranking officials ( 3 of them ) will like to visit our head quarters in early  august , to share some ideas on risk management tools ( very general concepts  that can obviously be disclosed ) .  my assumption is that vince and your - self are the perfect people to have the  meeting with . several consulting firms have advice ecopetrol to get in touch  with enron when referring to advance risk management techniques . do you think  this is possible ? please let me know , this means a great deal for this  office , but i also know you guys are extremely busy . thanks ,  carlos e",0,request visit meeting guys looking come first weeks august availability grant forwarded grant masson hou ect carlos eduardo machado enron development pm grant masson ect cc gabriel sanchez sierra enron development enron development subject request visit meeting hi grant met briefly couple months ago work pedro colombia office working closely ecopetrol colombia state owned oil company important deal highest ranking officials like visit head quarters early august share ideas risk management tools general concepts obviously disclosed assumption vince self perfect people meeting several consulting firms advice ecopetrol get touch enron referring advance risk management techniques think possible please let know means great deal office also know guys extremely busy thanks carlos e
"Subject: tw capacity options  we ' re at the point in the project where we are soliciting comments on a draft  ferc filing we ' d like to file at the end of the month . if you would , please  review our filing , with particular emphasis on product definition , position  management and how we described in footnote [ generally ] how the marketplace  would evaluate the option fees .  you help in this project is greatly appreciated .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron on 07 / 12 / 2000  03 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : susan scott 07 / 12 / 2000 03 : 19 pm  to : steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin  hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , tk  lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michele lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , christine  stokes / et & s / enron @ enron , bill cordes / et & s / enron @ enron , mary kay  miller / et & s / enron @ enron , julia white / et & s / enron @ enron , shelley  corman / et & s / enron @ enron , sstojic @ gbmdc . com , mary darveaux / et & s / enron @ enron ,  glen hass / et & s / enron @ enron , drew fossum @ enron , john  buchanan / et & s / enron @ enron , ramona betancourt / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : tony pryor / et & s / enron @ enron , brian hensley / et & s / enron @ enron  subject : tw capacity options  attached for your review is a draft of transport options filing that  incorporates the comments and suggestions i ' ve received since last week .  please provide any further suggestions / changes to me as soon as possible , but  in no case later than close of business , friday , july 14 .  the timeline i ' ve discussed with tw commercial for this project is as follows :  final draft comments friday , july 14  circulate draft to customers ,  customer meetings , time for  customers to respond , informal  discussion with ferc mon . july 17 - wed . july 26  final internal review / edit of filing thursday , july 27  ferc filing monday , july 31  please let me know your comments on this proposed timeline as well . thank  you .",0,tw capacity options point project soliciting comments draft ferc filing like file end month would please review filing particular emphasis product definition position management described footnote generally marketplace would evaluate option fees help project greatly appreciated forwarded jeffery fawcett et enron pm susan scott pm steven harris et enron enron jeffery fawcett et enron enron kevin hyatt et enron enron lorraine lindberg et enron enron tk lohman et enron enron michele lokay et enron enron christine stokes et enron enron bill cordes et enron enron mary kay miller et enron enron julia white et enron enron shelley corman et enron enron sstojic gbmdc com mary darveaux et enron enron glen hass et enron enron drew fossum enron john buchanan et enron enron ramona betancourt et enron enron cc tony pryor et enron enron brian hensley et enron enron subject tw capacity options attached review draft transport options filing incorporates comments suggestions received since last week please provide suggestions changes soon possible case later close business friday july timeline discussed tw commercial project follows final draft comments friday july circulate draft customers customer meetings time customers respond informal discussion ferc mon july wed july final internal review edit filing thursday july ferc filing monday july please let know comments proposed timeline well thank
"Subject: re : factors for us power curves  tanya ,  i have checked the factors for us power and all except the  following are acceptable :  rl 1 , rlc , rlf , rlj , rlk , rll , rlm , rln , rlz , r 4 a , r 4 b .  for global liquids , the requisite curves have been submitted to the  liquids team . i will review their results and confirm .  naveen  tanya tamarchenko @ ect  01 / 25 / 2001 12 : 52 pm  to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo  lew / na / enron @ enron  cc : oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : factors for us power curves  naveen ,  attached spreadsheet contains the factors for us power curves calculated  based on 9 / 28 / 00 - 11 / 28 / 00 data in stage with the latest version of vatrfacs .  by specifying integer number from 1 to 32 in cell jl you can see the factors  for different regions .  i suggest to consider the following sets of factors as acceptable :  rla , rle , r 2 , r 2 a , r 2 b , r 3 , r 3 a , r 3 b , r 4 , r 4 c , r 5 , r 5 a , r 6 , r 7 , r 7 a , r 8 , r 9 .  please review and confirm .  tanya .",0,factors us power curves tanya checked factors us power except following acceptable rl rlc rlf rlj rlk rll rlm rln rlz r r b global liquids requisite curves submitted liquids team review results confirm naveen tanya tamarchenko ect pm naveen andrews corp enron enron rabi de na enron enron jaesoo lew na enron enron cc oliver gaylard lon ect ect subject factors us power curves naveen attached spreadsheet contains factors us power curves calculated based data stage latest version vatrfacs specifying integer number cell jl see factors different regions suggest consider following sets factors acceptable rla rle r r r b r r r b r r c r r r r r r r please review confirm tanya
"Subject: internet news feeds for executives dfvht  finally ,  a newsfeed that delivers current and  relevant sales , marketing & advertising articles from  such magazines as business 2 . 0 , fast company , technology  marketing , wired , pc world , asia street intelligence , inc , bank technology . . .  all in one location font - size : 16 px ; color : # 000066 "" > easy  to read . easy to use . easy on your time .  providing  the internets ' most  comprehensive web directory for sales ,  marketing font - size : 14 px ; color : # 000000 "" > today ' s  top business magazine reviews along with a wide selection of articles from  relevant sales and marketing topics .  gain  access to all the suppliers and  resources you need to do your job effectively .  if  you can ' t find the supplier or resource  that you need . . . one of our reps will  go to work to find it for you .  business 2 . 0 , fast company , technology marketing , wired , pc world , asia street intelligence , inc , bank technology and more  you are receiving this e - mail because you have opted - in to receive special offers from  offersrus . net or one of it ' s marketing affiliates . if you feel you have received this e - mail in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please scroll down to unsubscribe .  this e - mailing has been sent to you as a person interested in the information enclosed . this e - mail is not spam under the federal regulatory laws of the united states . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the proposed federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th us congress . we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience . this message is not intended for residents of wa , nv , ca , va . screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability . if you are a california , nevada , washington , or virginia resident please follow the instructions below and you will be permanently removed from our list immediately .  if you would like to be removed from our e - mail list , please click on the words  remove me  click send , and you will be removed from our list immediately .  ubyrpqtetxjyuyqyfjtie",1,internet news feeds executives dfvht finally newsfeed delivers current relevant sales marketing advertising articles magazines business fast company technology marketing wired pc world asia street intelligence inc bank technology one location font size px color easy read easy use easy time providing internets comprehensive web directory sales marketing font size px color today top business magazine reviews along wide selection articles relevant sales marketing topics gain access suppliers resources need job effectively find supplier resource need one reps go work find business fast company technology marketing wired pc world asia street intelligence inc bank technology receiving e mail opted receive special offers offersrus net one marketing affiliates feel received e mail error wish receive additional special offers please scroll unsubscribe e mailing sent person interested information enclosed e mail spam federal regulatory laws united states message sent compliance proposed federal legislation commercial e mail h r section paragraph e bill title iii passed th us congress sincerely apologize inconvenience message intended residents wa nv ca va screening addresses done best technical ability california nevada washington virginia resident please follow instructions permanently removed list immediately would like removed e mail list please click words remove click send removed list immediately ubyrpqtetxjyuyqyfjtie
"Subject: interview schedule  good morning :  i am attaching dr . valverde ' s interview schedule for thursday , february 1 .  when he arrives at the enron bldg . ( 1400 smith street ) , go to the  security desk and ask for me . they will call and i will meet dr . valverde  at the elevator on our floor .  we look forward to his visit on thursday .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,interview schedule good morning attaching dr valverde interview schedule thursday february arrives enron bldg smith street go security desk ask call meet dr valverde elevator floor look forward visit thursday regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: rabi de phone interview  shirley ,  let ' s act on it .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000  05 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 51 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : rabi de phone interview  vince ,  we had phone interview with rabi de . my impression is good . we should invite  him for a formal interview .  he is a hands on person with wide range of experience ( energy financing ,  derivatives trading , hedging , etc ) .  he communicates very well and expressed interest in financial engineering &  modeling .  zimin",0,rabi de phone interview shirley let act vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm zimin lu pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject rabi de phone interview vince phone interview rabi de impression good invite formal interview hands person wide range experience energy financing derivatives trading hedging etc communicates well expressed interest financial engineering modeling zimin
"Subject: fyi  barclays bank plc  63 st . mary axe  london ec 3 a 8 le  email : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net  fax : + 447092868687  i am mr . tim kennedy , senior credit officer , barclays bank plc london . i am writing following an opportunity in my office that will be of immense benefit to both of us .  in my department we discovered an abandoned sum of 12 . 5 million british pounds sterling ( twelve million five hundred thousand british pounds sterling ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers late mr . morris thompson an american who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 , including his wife and only daughter . you shall read more about the crash on visiting this website .  since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next of kin or relatives to come over and claim his money because the bank cannot release the funds unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines .  unfortunately i learnt that his supposed next of kin being his only daughter died along with him in the plane crash leaving nobody with the knowledge of this fund behind for the claim . it is therefore upon this discovery that i and two other officials in this department now decided to do business with you and release the money to you as the next of kin or beneficiary of the funds for safe keeping and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don ' t want this money to go back into government treasury as unclaimed bill .  we agreed that 20 % of this money would be for you as foreign partner , while the balance will be for my colleagues and i . we will visit your country for the disbursement according to the percentages indicated above once this money gets into your account . please be honest to me as trust is our watchword in this transaction .  note that this transaction is confidential and risk free . as soon as you receive this mail you should contact me by return mail whether or not you are willing to enter into this deal . in the event you are not interested , i sincerely ask that you disregard this email and tell no one about it . i am very careful on truncating my banking career should you mention this to someone else . i hope you can be trusted in this regard .  please note that all necessary arrangement for the smooth release of these funds to you has been finalized . we will discuss much in details when i do receive your response via my confidential email address : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net and fax number stated below .  please in your response include your telephone and fax numbers for a better communication between us .  best regards  tim kennedy  email : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net  fax : + 447092868687  mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site  - http : / / yoursite . com",1,fyi barclays bank plc st mary axe london ec le email timkennedyo netscape net fax mr tim kennedy senior credit officer barclays bank plc london writing following opportunity office immense benefit us department discovered abandoned sum million british pounds sterling twelve million five hundred thousand british pounds sterling account belongs one foreign customers late mr morris thompson american unfortunately lost life plane crash alaska airlines flight crashed january including wife daughter shall read crash visiting website since got information death expecting next kin relatives come claim money bank release funds unless somebody applies next kin relation deceased indicated banking guidelines unfortunately learnt supposed next kin daughter died along plane crash leaving nobody knowledge fund behind claim therefore upon discovery two officials department decided business release money next kin beneficiary funds safe keeping subsequent disbursement since nobody coming want money go back government treasury unclaimed bill agreed money would foreign partner balance colleagues visit country disbursement according percentages indicated money gets account please honest trust watchword transaction note transaction confidential risk free soon receive mail contact return mail whether willing enter deal event interested sincerely ask disregard email tell one careful truncating banking career mention someone else hope trusted regard please note necessary arrangement smooth release funds finalized discuss much details receive response via confidential email address timkennedyo netscape net fax number stated please response include telephone fax numbers better communication us best regards tim kennedy email timkennedyo netscape net fax mail sent webmail service php nuke powered site http yoursite com
"Subject: brownsville peaker data  hey guys ,  further to our meeting , here ( courtesy of john t ) are the addresses to view  the peaker data for our upcoming testing :  a . o : \ _ dropbox \ peakerdata \ peakersl 999 . htm  b . o : \ _ dropbox \ peakerdata \ peakers 2000 . htm  at the present time , these pages display on microsoft internet explorer only .  type in the above urls in the address area of your ie . the pages refresh  automatically once every minute .  cheers , - - scott",0,brownsville peaker data hey guys meeting courtesy john addresses view peaker data upcoming testing dropbox peakerdata peakersl htm b dropbox peakerdata peakers htm present time pages display microsoft internet explorer type urls address area ie pages refresh automatically every minute cheers scott
"Subject: update on energy book  vince ,  ?  just to let you know , the books will be shipped to both you and rice  university tomorrow by express mail , which means the books should arrive  within 5 days ( depending on customs ) .  ?  rice has purchased 25 books , and i informed them that if they don ' t sell  them all , we will ? credit their account ? with the amount of unsold copies . ?  i ' ve asked them to ? give you ? any extra copies instead of returning them .  ?  please find attached the invoice for the 50 books .  ?  thanks again , and if you need anything further , please let me know .  ?  julie  - enron 224 _ 10 _ 01 _ 01 . doc",0,update energy book vince let know books shipped rice university tomorrow express mail means books arrive within days depending customs rice purchased books informed sell credit account amount unsold copies asked give extra copies instead returning please find attached invoice books thanks need anything please let know julie enron doc
Subject: tiger evals - attachment  tiger hosts :  i understand that some hosts have had problems accessing the database to  complete the tiger team evaluations . i apologize for the difficulties and  have attached the form for your convenience . please feel free to return it  electronically or by fax ( 215 - 573 - 5727 ) .  thank you again for your time .  donna piazze  program director  field application project  the wharton school  univ . of pennsylvania  215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727  fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu  piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu  >  - tiger team host evaluation . doc,0,tiger evals attachment tiger hosts understand hosts problems accessing database complete tiger team evaluations apologize difficulties attached form convenience please feel free return electronically fax thank time donna piazze program director field application project wharton school univ pennsylvania fax fap management wharton upenn edu piazze wharton upenn edu tiger team host evaluation doc
"Subject: muscles , money , and looks help - but women want a bigger man irbxij  in a recent survey conducted by durex  condoms , 67 %  of women said thatthey are unhappy with the size of their lovers . proof that size doesmatter ! a large member has much more surface area and is capable ofstimulating more nerve endings , providing more pleasure for you and yourpartner . our revolutionary pill developed by world famous pharmacist isguaranteed to increase your size by 1 - 3 "" . enter here for detailsto come off just open here",1,muscles money looks help women want bigger man irbxij recent survey conducted durex condoms women said thatthey unhappy size lovers proof size doesmatter large member much surface area capable ofstimulating nerve endings providing pleasure yourpartner revolutionary pill developed world famous pharmacist isguaranteed increase size enter detailsto come open
"Subject: enhance your anatomy  the longz system , both the capsules and the free instructional manual , give  you the most effective ways to reach immediate size gains and improve the  strength and power of your erections .  90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina ,  performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ?  i ' m 67 years old . i was very wary of putting my details on the internet ,  but i am very pleased that it worked out for me . your product arrived only 2  days after i placed the order , and the packaging was very discreet , which  was perfect for me . i was shocked at how quickly the pills took effect , and  i did attempt the exercises as well , which i found simple and easy to  understand . i now have loads of energy , and feel like a new man . i can ' t  thank you enough ! ronald , phoenix  check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd  http : / / acoh . 3 . largestitemssuper . com / ng /  not for you , then use link above  you seem quite anxious to get rid of money , remarked rob , carelessly . how  much are you worth ? personally ? yes  nothing at all , young man",1,enhance anatomy longz system capsules free instructional manual give effective ways reach immediate size gains improve strength power erections males interested improving sexual stamina performance size manhood one years old wary putting details internet pleased worked product arrived days placed order packaging discreet perfect shocked quickly pills took effect attempt exercises well found simple easy understand loads energy feel like new man thank enough ronald phoenix check male enhancement formula free dvd http acoh largestitemssuper com ng use link seem quite anxious get rid money remarked rob carelessly much worth personally yes nothing young man
"Subject: re : chase  vince : thanks very much . i will call ravi  chris  vince j kaminski @ ect  04 / 12 / 2000 10 : 36 am  to : chris holmes @ enron  cc :  subject : re : chase  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2000  10 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 12 / 2000 10 : 11 am  to : chris holmes / hou / ect @ ees  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : chase  chris ,  we don ' t have yet any report on broadband that might help you , developed  internally  by my group . we are working on a tutorial and we shall send you a copy when  it ' s ready .  the person who can give you an introduction to this market is ravi  thuraisingham .  vince  chris holmes @ ees  04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 55 pm  sent by : chris holmes @ ees  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : chase  vince :  i am working now in ees as the chase national account manager and am  developing new products to sell chase . one of the products i am working on  integrates the provision of broad band with a package of computer  hardware and software for a company ' s employees .  i can explain more if you are interested .  i understand you put together a report on broadband which has helped educate  people as to the technology and economics . can i get a copy ? .  also do you have any analyses on chase that might help me detect other  opportunities ?  is there anyone on your staff with whom i should talk ?  thanks  chris",0,chase vince thanks much call ravi chris vince j kaminski ect chris holmes enron cc subject chase forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vince j kaminski chris holmes hou ect ees cc stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject chase chris yet report broadband might help developed internally group working tutorial shall send copy ready person give introduction market ravi thuraisingham vince chris holmes ees pm sent chris holmes ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject chase vince working ees chase national account manager developing new products sell chase one products working integrates provision broad band package computer hardware software company employees explain interested understand put together report broadband helped educate people technology economics get copy also analyses chase might help detect opportunities anyone staff talk thanks chris
"Subject: re : tanya ' s vacation  tanya ,  no problem .  vince  tanya tamarchenko  12 / 12 / 2000 01 : 28 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : tanya ' s vacation  vince ,  i was going to take afternoon off this thursday .  is it ok ?  tanya",0,tanya vacation tanya problem vince tanya tamarchenko pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject tanya vacation vince going take afternoon thursday ok tanya
"Subject: mentor / summer associate program  as a reminder , the summer associate program is an integral and critical part  of our recruiting efforts . you have been asked to act as mentors for summer  associates who attend the schools for which you have recruiting  responsibility . you were invited to meet the summer associates at a  reception being held at the sierra grill , located at 4704 montrose , on  thursday , june 22 nd from 6 : 00 p . m . to 7 : 30 p . m .  to date several of you have not responded . please respond to cheryl kuehl  ( ext . 3 - 9804 ) by tuesday , june 20 th . if you are unable to attend , please  advise cheryl that you intend to make other arrangements to meet your summer  associate so that she may advise the associate not to look for you at the  reception . we thank you for your co - operation and your efforts to assist  will not go unnoticed .  jeff and joe",0,mentor summer associate program reminder summer associate program integral critical part recruiting efforts asked act mentors summer associates attend schools recruiting responsibility invited meet summer associates reception held sierra grill located montrose thursday june nd p p date several responded please respond cheryl kuehl ext tuesday june th unable attend please advise cheryl intend make arrangements meet summer associate may advise associate look reception thank co operation efforts assist go unnoticed jeff joe
"Subject: charm  see below for more information on the willis analytic product . i will  provide the brochure when it arrives and we can discuss scheduling the  proposed meeting .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james l bouillion / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2001  04 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" bertil olsson "" on 01 / 18 / 2001 04 : 03 : 18 pm  to : jbouill @ ect . enron . com  cc : "" david scott "" , "" carl groth ""  subject : charm  jim ,  1 . i can confirm that charm does express traditional exposures in a var  format . one of the beauties of charm is that it expresses any quantifiable  exposure in a var format , i . e . financial , insurance , weather risks . in  addition , it has the capability of incorporating correlations between risks  - to the extent that they can be quantified .  2 . to get the ball rolling , i will send you a broschure of charm this  week . i also suggest a conference call with carl groth of our ny office .  carl knows charm well and my thought is that we can give you some more  ideas of this product in order for you to decide whether or not you would  like to pursue a presentation . a presentation can be arranged at the  location of your choice .  let me know if the above fits your purpose or if you would prefer to move  in another direction .  regards ,  bertil  the information in this email and in any attachments is confidential and  may be privileged . if you are not the intended recipient , please destroy  this message , delete any copies held on your systems and notify the sender  immediately . you should not retain , copy or use this email for any  purpose , nor disclose all or any part of its content to any other person .",0,charm see information willis analytic product provide brochure arrives discuss scheduling proposed meeting forwarded james l bouillion hou ect pm bertil olsson pm jbouill ect enron com cc david scott carl groth subject charm jim confirm charm express traditional exposures var format one beauties charm expresses quantifiable exposure var format e financial insurance weather risks addition capability incorporating correlations risks extent quantified get ball rolling send broschure charm week also suggest conference call carl groth ny office carl knows charm well thought give ideas product order decide whether would like pursue presentation presentation arranged location choice let know fits purpose would prefer move another direction regards bertil information email attachments confidential may privileged intended recipient please destroy message delete copies held systems notify sender immediately retain copy use email purpose disclose part content person
"Subject: interview - thomas barkley 11 / 9 / 00  attached please find the resume , interview schedule , and evaluation form for  thomas barkley . thomas is interviewing on thursday , november 9 , 2000  beginning at 8 : 00 a . m . please contact me with any comments or concerns .  thank you ,  cheryl arguijo  staffing coordinator  713 - 345 - 4016  - thomasbarkley . pdf ,",0,interview thomas barkley attached please find resume interview schedule evaluation form thomas barkley thomas interviewing thursday november beginning please contact comments concerns thank cheryl arguijo staffing coordinator thomasbarkley pdf
"Subject: re : obrona - mba  pani agato ,  dwa punkty :  1 . pytania  2 . dodatkowe komplikacje .  i . pytania  controlling wprzedsiebiorstwie  1 . prosze przedyskutowac podzial funkcji i  rachunkowoscia .  czym rozni sie controlling odwewnetrznego i zewnetrznego auditing .  2 . prosze omowic zalety ? oraz wady  & rachunku kosztow dzialan  8 ( abc ) .  analiza wskaznikowa  1 . prosze przedyskutowac ograniczenia analizy wskaznikowej .  2 . prosze omowic istote analizy piramidalnej . jakie informacje o stanie  finansowym przedsiebiorstwa mozna uzyskac stosujac te metode ?  pezentacja instrumentow analizy finansowej  1 . prosze omowic metody przewidywania potencjalnego ? bankructwa firmy przy  zastosowaniu analizy wskaznikiwej .  2 . prosze przedyskutowac klasyfikacje wskaznikow ekonomicznych  wykorzystywanych do .  ii . komplikacje .  we wtorek , 3 kwietnia rano , wylatuje do filadelfii . powinienem dotrzec do  hotelu okolo godziny 12 czasu lokalnego , czyli godziny 6 : 00 wieczorem czasu  polskiego . roznica czasu w stosunku do houstonu jest 7 godzin , ? w stosunku  do  wybrzeza wschodniego jest 6 godzin .  jutro przesle szczegolowy plan podrozy , ktory bedzie zawierac adres i numer  hotelu . prosze przeslac mi numer , na ktory moge zadzwonic , by podac numer  pokoju , lub zadzwonic z samolotu w przypadku opoznienia lotu .  w . kaminski",0,obrona mba pani agato dwa punkty pytania dodatkowe komplikacje pytania controlling wprzedsiebiorstwie prosze przedyskutowac podzial funkcji rachunkowoscia czym rozni sie controlling odwewnetrznego zewnetrznego auditing prosze omowic zalety oraz wady rachunku kosztow dzialan abc analiza wskaznikowa prosze przedyskutowac ograniczenia analizy wskaznikowej prosze omowic istote analizy piramidalnej jakie informacje stanie finansowym przedsiebiorstwa mozna uzyskac stosujac te metode pezentacja instrumentow analizy finansowej prosze omowic metody przewidywania potencjalnego bankructwa firmy przy zastosowaniu analizy wskaznikiwej prosze przedyskutowac klasyfikacje wskaznikow ekonomicznych wykorzystywanych ii komplikacje wtorek kwietnia rano wylatuje filadelfii powinienem dotrzec hotelu okolo godziny czasu lokalnego czyli godziny wieczorem czasu polskiego roznica czasu w stosunku houstonu jest godzin w stosunku wybrzeza wschodniego jest godzin jutro przesle szczegolowy plan podrozy ktory bedzie zawierac adres numer hotelu prosze przeslac mi numer na ktory moge zadzwonic podac numer pokoju lub zadzwonic z samolotu w przypadku opoznienia lotu w kaminski
"Subject: re : meeting re : wharton strategy  jennifer ,  i am available for 30 minutes on fri , oct 30 . . a meeting at 8 : 30 would work  better for me .  vince  jennifer burns  10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 14 pm  to : michele nezi marvin / enron communications @ enron communications , mark  palmer / corp / enron @ enron , cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , beth  miertschin / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , kristin  gandy / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : meeting re : wharton strategy  lets try for friday , october 27 @ 9 : 00 am , please let me know if you are  available . thanks !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jennifer burns / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000  04 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jennifer burns  10 / 23 / 2000 11 : 08 am  to : michele nezi marvin / enron communications @ enron communications , sarah  mulholland / hou / ect @ ect , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , kristin  gandy / na / enron @ enron , beth miertschin / hou / ect @ ect , christie  patrick / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : meeting re : wharton strategy  jeff shankman would like to have a meeting re : wharton strategy . please let  me know if you would be available thursday , october 26 @ 3 : 00 . i will get  back with everyone to confirm a location . thanks !  jennifer",0,meeting wharton strategy jennifer available minutes fri oct meeting would work better vince jennifer burns pm michele nezi marvin enron communications enron communications mark palmer corp enron enron cindy derecskey corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect beth miertschin hou ect ect christie patrick hou ect ect kristin gandy na enron enron cc subject meeting wharton strategy lets try friday october please let know available thanks forwarded jennifer burns hou ect pm jennifer burns michele nezi marvin enron communications enron communications sarah mulholland hou ect ect mark palmer corp enron enron kristin gandy na enron enron beth miertschin hou ect ect christie patrick hou ect ect jeffrey shankman hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject meeting wharton strategy jeff shankman would like meeting wharton strategy please let know would available thursday october get back everyone confirm location thanks jennifer
"Subject: fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  zimin ,  please , take a look at it .  i think we should download the update .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2001  11 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" michelle mendoza "" on 01 / 26 / 2001 02 : 33 : 14 pm  to :  cc :  subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  january 26 , 2001  vince kaminski  enron north america corp .  1400 smith street  30 th floor , rm . 3036 b  houston , tx 77251 - 1188  1 713 - 853 - 3848  dear vince kaminski ,  this is to inform you of the release of @ energy 2 . 0 . ftp download  instructions are available immediately . the download instructions are  included at the end of this email . your cd ' s and manuals will be shipped to  you within 2 weeks . please see below for more information regarding this new  release .  please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your  address above is correct by clicking reply and send . if any changes need to  be made , please make the changes above and reply .  * * warning : please note that if you did not received a license key for  @ energy after june 2000 , you will need to contact support @ fea . com or call  510 . 548 . 6200 to obtain a new license key to enable the new version . * *  * * swing users : @ energy / swing now replaces the "" swing "" product . see the  @ energy user manual for a discussion of the changes . contact fea for the  necessary license keys . you will be able to run both the new and old swing  simultaneously .  heres an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 6 :  @ energy ( forward curve )  jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ energy functions .  inputs and outputs to powercalib and comcalib have changed . see the  corresponding function syntax in the user guide for additional information .  35 - 40 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta .  @ energy ( basics )  different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you  use indexswap , exoticswap , or optindexswap with floating price linked to a  series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates  specified in the forward curve input . a new utility function , pathutil ,  allows you to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models  supported by @ energy . 25 - 30 % speed improvement .  @ energy ( advanced )  different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you  use optdiffswap or diffswap with floating price linked to a series of  futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in  the forward curve input . calspreadopt now allows for the specification of  two different mean reversion rates . 30 - 35 % speed improvement .  @ energy ( swing )  swingopt and stripswingopt now allow for valuation of swing straddle  contracts with overall load constraints . 65 - 70 % speed improvement . the  module is now out of beta .  @ energy ( weather )  30 - 35 % speed improvement .  if you have any questions please feel free to contact us . we appreciate this  opportunity to be of continuing service to enron north america corp . .  regards ,  michelle mendoza  support @ fea . com  + 1 - 510 - 548 - 6200  financial engineering associates , inc . ( fea )  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  to download @ energy 2 . 0 via ftp , follow the following instructions :  note : using explorer leads to unpredictable results , so we suggest using  netscape or a dos shell .  using netscape :  in the location box type : ftp : / / energy @ ftp . fea . com  password : 2 rbzxgv 5  energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe is for windows 95 / 98 / 2000 / nt . download and run on  a local drive .  using a dos shell :  at a dos prompt type : ftp ftp . fea . com  user : energy  password : 2 rbzxgv 5  type "" binary "" and hit ' return ' .  type "" ls "" for a list of available files .  type "" get "" energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe and and wait for the ftp > prompt .  type "" quit "" .  the file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp  site .  double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen .",0,fea announces release energy zimin please take look think download update vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect michelle mendoza pm cc subject fea announces release energy january vince kaminski enron north america corp smith street th floor rm b houston tx dear vince kaminski inform release energy ftp download instructions available immediately download instructions included end email cd manuals shipped within weeks please see information regarding new release please confirm correct recipient shipment address correct clicking reply send changes need made please make changes reply warning please note received license key energy june need contact support fea com call obtain new license key enable new version swing users energy swing replaces swing product see energy user manual discussion changes contact fea necessary license keys able run new old swing simultaneously heres overview new changed features since version energy forward curve jump parameters calibrated use energy functions inputs outputs powercalib comcalib changed see corresponding function syntax user guide additional information speed improvement module beta energy basics different interpolation schemes forward prices supported use indexswap exoticswap optindexswap floating price linked series futures dates futures dates need close dates specified forward curve input new utility function pathutil allows simulate visualize price paths consistent models supported energy speed improvement energy advanced different interpolation schemes forward prices supported use optdiffswap diffswap floating price linked series futures dates futures dates need close dates specified forward curve input calspreadopt allows specification two different mean reversion rates speed improvement energy swing swingopt stripswingopt allow valuation swing straddle contracts overall load constraints speed improvement module beta energy weather speed improvement questions please feel free contact us appreciate opportunity continuing service enron north america corp regards michelle mendoza support fea com financial engineering associates inc fea download energy via ftp follow following instructions note using explorer leads unpredictable results suggest using netscape dos shell using netscape location box type ftp energy ftp fea com password rbzxgv energy win exe windows nt download run local drive using dos shell dos prompt type ftp ftp fea com user energy password rbzxgv type binary hit return type ls list available files type get energy win exe wait ftp prompt type quit file downloaded directory entered ftp site double click exe follow instructions screen
"Subject: well , trry it  hello , welcome to pharmon wallow line s dilative hop  - on extensible e of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops  greasy v  marauder g  unabridged al  chromolithograph ll  acknowledgement la  r repealer ac octane l  i extrusion s quaint va  u pollination m  andmanyother .  - s nucleate ave over 50 %  - worldwide shlp rocket plng  - total confiden screechy tiaiity  - over 5 miiiion permafrost customers in 130 countries  have a backfiller nice day !",1,well trry hello welcome pharmon wallow line dilative hop extensible e leading oniine pharmaceutical shops greasy v marauder g unabridged al chromolithograph acknowledgement la r repealer ac octane l extrusion quaint va u pollination andmanyother nucleate ave worldwide shlp rocket plng total confiden screechy tiaiity miiiion permafrost customers countries backfiller nice day
"Subject: re : replied resume  vince / sally  it appears that the implied vol on this one is quite high . perhaps we can  lower our var using historical vols .  i would be happy to interview him . his resume does not appear to be  research - worthy by any stretch so i guess rac or ops might be a fit  should i forward his resume to tony vasut and bring him in to see a couple of  racs and a couple of ops as sort of a first exploratory interview ? ?  sally - pls advise your thoughts .  vince - is this the price of being a risk management rock star ?  ted  vince j kaminski  06 / 23 / 2000 08 : 18 am  to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , bob  shults / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : replied resume  i am forwarding a resume of one candidate who is very  persistent and quite aggressive .  please , take a look at him .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 23 / 2000  08 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  eric hilton on 06 / 22 / 2000 11 : 20 : 11 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : replied resume  mr . kaminski ,  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i sent an actual resume via the postal service . i guess you never  received it . thank you for your patience .  a few features i possess that suggest that i may be a representative your  well established company would value are :  ? seven - plus years as a manager / junior executive of logistics in a fast - paced ,  demanding , and constantly evolving retail industry .  experience in effectively developing and implementing policies and tasks  under marketing , logistics , brand management , and best practices .  ba degree in marketing with a 3 . 88 gpa from the university of san moritz ,  london england .  extensive knowledge in management with the ability to effectively manage  multiple tasks , as well as multiple associates , to achieve specific goals in  research and brand management within the company ' s deadline .  seven - plus years effectively implementing and teaching dynamic and successful  customer service .  with my current employer , i am in charge of logistics research and  reports / data collection , as well as responsible for developing new and  successful ideas and implementing them under constantly evolving brand  management and best practices .  traveling to london , england and extensively finishing my degree indicates  that i am willing to go the  & extra mile  8 to achieve and obtain my goals .  perhaps , mr . kaminiski , ? i am an associate you need at your well - respected  company . i would be very happy to meet with you , at your convenience , to  discuss the possibility of putting my education and experience to work for  enron .  thank you for your consideration . i look forward to hearing from you . i have  attached my resume to this email formatted under microsoft word .  warmest regards ,  eric hilton  ?  - my resume",0,replied resume vince sally appears implied vol one quite high perhaps lower var using historical vols would happy interview resume appear research worthy stretch guess rac ops might fit forward resume tony vasut bring see couple racs couple ops sort first exploratory interview sally pls advise thoughts vince price risk management rock star ted vince j kaminski sally beck hou ect ect michael e moscoso hou ect ect bob shults hou ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject replied resume forwarding resume one candidate persistent quite aggressive please take look vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect eric hilton pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject replied resume mr kaminski sent actual resume via postal service guess never received thank patience features possess suggest may representative well established company would value seven plus years manager junior executive logistics fast paced demanding constantly evolving retail industry experience effectively developing implementing policies tasks marketing logistics brand management best practices ba degree marketing gpa university san moritz london england extensive knowledge management ability effectively manage multiple tasks well multiple associates achieve specific goals research brand management within company deadline seven plus years effectively implementing teaching dynamic successful customer service current employer charge logistics research reports data collection well responsible developing new successful ideas implementing constantly evolving brand management best practices traveling london england extensively finishing degree indicates willing go extra mile achieve obtain goals perhaps mr kaminiski associate need well respected company would happy meet convenience discuss possibility putting education experience work enron thank consideration look forward hearing attached resume email formatted microsoft word warmest regards eric hilton resume
"Subject: re : request for suggestions : vince ' s visit to sydney in july  dear vince ,  after getting our heads together here ,  we would much apprecaite if you could share the research group ' s latest on  - - -  - var ie "" . . . repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk . . . ""  as well as cover additional topics viz .  - discuss , with application , enrons internal v @ r model , and how this is used  internally .  - discuss volatility modelling , and whether it is possible to maintain and  trade a term structure of volatility in electricity  - modelling forward curves with reference to associated markets ( eg oil ) .  can we gain some insights through spreads to related market curves ( spark ) .  i assume your hotel is booked already . catching the taxi is the best way to  get to your hotel .  since you are arriving on the weekend , if you need to contact me - my mobile  is 0417 - 692295 , home tel / fax  is 9232 - 8892  rgds raymond  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by raymond yeow / enron _ development on  07 / 07 / 2000 04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 20 am  to : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : raymond yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : your visit to sydney in july  paul , raymond ,  thanks for your message .  sorry i did not get in touch with you earlier . the last few weeks were very  hectic . i am starting  right now my preparations for the presentation i am going to give at the  conference .  here are the details of my itinerary ( i shall send you a copy tomorrow ) . i  arrive sunday morning  and leave saturday morning . the conference takes place on monday and tuesday .  on wednesday , i am making a presentation at the workshop on value - at - risk . i  would  like to stay at the conference for the duration : it ' s a great learning  opportunity for me .  on thursday and friday , as well as in the evenings ( except for the evening  of july 18 ) , i am at you disposal .  i would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as i can  about the australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda .  i shall be glad to make several presentation .  i can repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk as well as cover  additional  topics .  vince  paul quilkey @ enron _ development  07 / 04 / 2000 05 : 23 am  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : your visit to sydney in july  vince  i support raymond ' s email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give  a presentation ( formal or informal ) to the trading group on latest research  initiatives in houston . please let us know your schedule so that we do not  overly burden you during your visit . look forward to seeing you and catching  up over a beer .  thnx  paul  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paul quilkey / enron _ development on  07 / 05 / 2000 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  raymond yeow  07 / 04 / 2000 08 : 21 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development , kirsty hogarth / enron _ development , elliott  katz / enron _ development , david gray / enron _ development  subject : your visit to sydney in july  dear vince ,  hi ! , it ' s only two weeks until the aust energy risk ( 17 - 19 july ) seminar in  sydney .  is risk organising your hotel ?  otherwise , kirsty can organise for you ,  eg harbour view at the regent or convenience to the seminar location at the  sheraton ?  we would like to make sure that you have all the necessary "" comforts "" of home  when you are with us ,  elliott & david can set up a desk for you in the office / trading room with  phone etc  so you can use one of our pc to access email or plug in your laptop .  please let elliott or david kmow your requirements .  how long will you be with us ?  is this your first trip to sydney ?  there are several of us in the office who would like to take you for a  meal ( s ) / show you the sights etc and  discuss the latest research findings with you whilst you are in sydney eg var .  hear from you soon .  raymond  725 pm 4 july",0,request suggestions vince visit sydney july dear vince getting heads together would much apprecaite could share research group latest var ie repeat workshop presentation value risk well cover additional topics viz discuss application enrons internal v r model used internally discuss volatility modelling whether possible maintain trade term structure volatility electricity modelling forward curves reference associated markets eg oil gain insights spreads related market curves spark assume hotel booked already catching taxi best way get hotel since arriving weekend need contact mobile home tel fax rgds raymond forwarded raymond yeow enron development pm vince j kaminski ect paul quilkey enron development enron development cc raymond yeow enron development enron development vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject visit sydney july paul raymond thanks message sorry get touch earlier last weeks hectic starting right preparations presentation going give conference details itinerary shall send copy tomorrow arrive sunday morning leave saturday morning conference takes place monday tuesday wednesday making presentation workshop value risk would like stay conference duration great learning opportunity thursday friday well evenings except evening july disposal would like take advantage trip learn much australian markets discuss research agenda shall glad make several presentation repeat workshop presentation value risk well cover additional topics vince paul quilkey enron development vince j kaminski ect cc subject visit sydney july vince support raymond email would welcome opportunity give presentation formal informal trading group latest research initiatives houston please let us know schedule overly burden visit look forward seeing catching beer thnx paul forwarded paul quilkey enron development raymond yeow pm vince j kaminski ect cc paul quilkey enron development kirsty hogarth enron development elliott katz enron development david gray enron development subject visit sydney july dear vince hi two weeks aust energy risk july seminar sydney risk organising hotel otherwise kirsty organise eg harbour view regent convenience seminar location sheraton would like make sure necessary comforts home us elliott david set desk office trading room phone etc use one pc access email plug laptop please let elliott david kmow requirements long us first trip sydney several us office would like take meal show sights etc discuss latest research findings whilst sydney eg var hear soon raymond pm july
"Subject: re : visit to houston  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001  02 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nick bambos on 01 / 29 / 2001 10 : 54 : 27 am  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : visit to houston  stinson ,  just a quick note to let you know that i am looking into it ,  trying to rearrange a couple of things . i ' d like giuseppe and  possibly eric to come with me , so i need to coordinate with  them too . we ' ve made some nice progress that i ' d like to present  and also integrate eric in the system .  i am targeting a friday around the end of february or begining  of march . i ' ll let you know soon of a few possibilities as they  stabilize here .  best ,  nick  stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > i hope things are going well and you are not staying too busy . we should  > start planning for your next trip to houston , as i ' m sure your schedule  > will be getting full very soon . perhaps you could give the people in  > enron broadband an overview of the areas of interest within your research  > group . i ' m sure we could also benefit from you views of how the current  > technology is evolving .  >  > are there certain dates which would potentially work for you ? please let  > me know by email or give me a call at 713 853 4748 .  >  > looking forward to talking with you .  >  > - - stinson",0,visit houston fyi forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm nick bambos stinson gibner enron com cc subject visit houston stinson quick note let know looking trying rearrange couple things like giuseppe possibly eric come need coordinate made nice progress like present also integrate eric system targeting friday around end february begining march let know soon possibilities stabilize best nick stinson gibner enron com wrote nick hope things going well staying busy start planning next trip houston sure schedule getting full soon perhaps could give people enron broadband overview areas interest within research group sure could also benefit views current technology evolving certain dates would potentially work please let know email give call looking forward talking stinson
"Subject: invitation for you from rice university : the national forum on  corporate finance  mark ,  i left you a message regarding the national forum on corporate finance  at rice .  they would be delighted if you could serve as a panel member  at this conference .  here are the coordinates of the professor at rice who  is in charge . i would appreciate if you could call him  and let him know if you can attend .  thanks .  vince  prof . david ikenberry  jones graduate school of management  rice university  713 - 348 - 5385",0,invitation rice university national forum corporate finance mark left message regarding national forum corporate finance rice would delighted could serve panel member conference coordinates professor rice charge would appreciate could call let know attend thanks vince prof david ikenberry jones graduate school management rice university
"Subject: need a graphic artist ? come here .  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of ioqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq  tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amonqthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,need graphic artist come thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom design ioqos stationery web sites carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq tools wili brinq breath fresh air business make stand amonqthe competitors ciick away future success click see sampies artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
"Subject: pac reminder  last month you received an email about enrolling in the enron pac . the  response has been positive .  thank you to those of you that have already enrolled or made a change to your  current contribution !  if you have not had an opportunity to visit the enrollment site , please  consider taking a moment to do so . the link to the website is at the end of  this message .  some of you may have experienced problems launching the site or enrolling .  we apologize for any trouble that you may have had . the enrollment works  best in either internet explorer or netscape . the most frequent problems  were a result of the lotus notes web browser that many employees have  installed as a default browser . if this is your case , please copy and paste  the link at the end of this message into either internet explorer or netscape .  as a reminder - following is the original message regarding the pac  enrollment :  last year the enron political action committee ( pac ) launched a campaign to  become a "" million dollar pac "" . enron employees , who provide all of the  funding for the pac , responded and the enron pac reached its objective ,  becoming one of the largest corporate pacs . this year we face a new  challenge . with the sale of eog , the announced sale of pge and normal  employee turnover , we have lost a significant number of consistent  contributors . we are seeking your support . if you are not a member , please  join . if you are a member , we hope you will consider increasing your  contribution .  the enron pac is an essential tool in our effort to promote sound public  policy . our pac funds support local , state and federal candidates , of both  parties , who support open markets , deregulation and customer choice . amounts  contributed may be used to make political contributions in connection with  federal and state elections and are subject to the limits of the federal  election campaign act . while our pac has grown thanks to our employee  contributions , it still generates just a fraction of the expenditures of  those who oppose these ideals .  this year , as always , we face challenges and opportunities for every one of  our businesses , including such issues as taxation and regulation of  e - commerce , electric industry restructuring , regulation of derivatives ,  international trade and investment legislation , pipeline safety , local and  state decisions affecting the siting and interconnection of power plants and  a variety of environmental and tax issues . enron has a long and successful  track record of supporting and advancing good public policy . that track  record depends on access to and regular communication with , decision makers .  the pac provides that access - - it shows policy makers that real voters care  about what they are doing .  one of the best things about enron is that we don  , t just take things as they  are . we challenge the status quo . we ask why . we change things . the pac  helps us do that . we need you to help the pac . sign up today  ) and please  consider the following contribution guidelines :  manager $ 500 / year  director $ 750 / year  sr . director / general manager $ 1 , 000 / year  vice president $ 2 , 500 / year  sr . vp / managing director $ 3 , 500 / year  executive committee $ 5 , 000 / year  all contributions are voluntary and these guidelines are merely suggestions .  you are free to contribute more or less than the guidelines suggested and  enron will not favor or disadvantage anyone by reason of the amount of their  contribution or their decision not to contribute . you may refuse to  contribute without fear of reprisal .  only u . s . citizens and resident - aliens living in the u . s . can contribute to  the enron pac . amounts contributed may be used to make contributions in  connection with federal and state elections and are subject to the  limitations of the federal election campaign act . the maximum contribution  is $ 5 , 000 per year per individual . an individual may not contribute more  than $ 25 , 000 to all federal candidates and committees within a calendar  year . the law requires that enron report name , address , employer and  occupation for every person who contributes over $ 200 / year .  no portion of any contribution is deductible as a charitable contribution for  federal income tax purposes .  thanks for your support ! sign up now , or revise your current contribution  level by connecting with the pac intranet site :  http : / / pacmembers . enron . com",0,pac reminder last month received email enrolling enron pac response positive thank already enrolled made change current contribution opportunity visit enrollment site please consider taking moment link website end message may experienced problems launching site enrolling apologize trouble may enrollment works best either internet explorer netscape frequent problems result lotus notes web browser many employees installed default browser case please copy paste link end message either internet explorer netscape reminder following original message regarding pac enrollment last year enron political action committee pac launched campaign become million dollar pac enron employees provide funding pac responded enron pac reached objective becoming one largest corporate pacs year face new challenge sale eog announced sale pge normal employee turnover lost significant number consistent contributors seeking support member please join member hope consider increasing contribution enron pac essential tool effort promote sound public policy pac funds support local state federal candidates parties support open markets deregulation customer choice amounts contributed may used make political contributions connection federal state elections subject limits federal election campaign act pac grown thanks employee contributions still generates fraction expenditures oppose ideals year always face challenges opportunities every one businesses including issues taxation regulation e commerce electric industry restructuring regulation derivatives international trade investment legislation pipeline safety local state decisions affecting siting interconnection power plants variety environmental tax issues enron long successful track record supporting advancing good public policy track record depends access regular communication decision makers pac provides access shows policy makers real voters care one best things enron take things challenge status quo ask change things pac helps us need help pac sign today please consider following contribution guidelines manager year director year sr director general manager year vice president year sr vp managing director year executive committee year contributions voluntary guidelines merely suggestions free contribute less guidelines suggested enron favor disadvantage anyone reason amount contribution decision contribute may refuse contribute without fear reprisal u citizens resident aliens living u contribute enron pac amounts contributed may used make contributions connection federal state elections subject limitations federal election campaign act maximum contribution per year per individual individual may contribute federal candidates committees within calendar year law requires enron report name address employer occupation every person contributes year portion contribution deductible charitable contribution federal income tax purposes thanks support sign revise current contribution level connecting pac intranet site http pacmembers enron com
"Subject: re : systemworks clearance sale _ limited quantities _ only $ 29 . 99 tj  take  control of your computer with this top - of - the - line software !  norton  systemworks 2002 software suite  - professional edition -  includes  six - yes 6 !  - feature - packed utilitiesall for 1  special low  price of only  $ 29 . 99 !  this  software will : -  protect your computer from unwanted and hazardous viruses -  help secure your private valuable information - allow  you to transfer files and send e - mails safely -  backup your all your data quick and easily - improve your  pc ' s performance w / superior  integral diagnostics ! - you ' ll never have to take your  pc to the repair shop again !  6  feature - packed utilities  1  great price  a $ 300 +  combined retail value  yours for  only $ 29 . 99 !  price includes free  shipping ! and  for a limited time buy any 2 of our products get 1 free !  don ' t fall  prey to destructive viruses or hackers ! protect your computer and  your valuable information and  -  click here to order yours now ! -  or call  toll - free 1 - 800 - 861 - 1481 !  your email  address was obtained from an opt - in list . opt - in uefas ( united email  federation against spam ) approved list - purchase code #  8594030 . if you wish to be unsubscribed from this list , please click  here . if you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving  this message , you may email our spam  abuse control center . we do not condone spam in any shape or form .  thank you kindly for your cooperation . ",1,systemworks clearance sale limited quantities tj take control computer top line software norton systemworks software suite professional edition includes six yes feature packed utilitiesall special low price software protect computer unwanted hazardous viruses help secure private valuable information allow transfer files send e mails safely backup data quick easily improve pc performance w superior integral diagnostics never take pc repair shop feature packed utilities great price combined retail value price includes free shipping limited time buy products get free fall prey destructive viruses hackers protect computer valuable information click order call toll free email address obtained opt list opt uefas united email federation spam approved list purchase code wish unsubscribed list please click previously unsubscribed still receiving message may email spam abuse control center condone spam shape form thank kindly cooperation
Subject: raptors  here is the most recent version of the spreadsheet and the accompanying  assumptions .,0,raptors recent version spreadsheet accompanying assumptions
"Subject: custom design work  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy  several seconds for  your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors .  get your logo , business stationery or website done  riqht now !  fast turnaround : you will see severai iogo variants  in three business days .  satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited  amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wili meet your needs and fit your  business .  fiexible discounts : logo improvement , additional  formats , bulk orders , special packages .  creative design for  competitive price : have a look at it right now !",1,custom design work corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes oniy several seconds company remembered lost among competitors get logo business stationery website done riqht fast turnaround see severai iogo variants three business days satisfaction guaranteed provide uniimited amount chanqes sure wili meet needs fit business fiexible discounts logo improvement additional formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right
"Subject: re : your mail  zhendong ,  dr . kaminski called me back telling me that he would like to have you as  an intern student in his research department during the summer . please  write him an email as soon as possible to introduce yourself and letting  him know of your expected starting date and ending date . dr . kaminski ' s  email address is vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  shi - jie deng  assistant professor  school of isye  georgia institute of technology  office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519  e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng",0,mail zhendong dr kaminski called back telling would like intern student research department summer please write email soon possible introduce letting know expected starting date ending date dr kaminski email address vince j kaminski enron com shi jie deng assistant professor school isye georgia institute technology office phone e mail deng isye gatech edu home page http www isye gatech edu deng
"Subject: re : recent hardware repair  joe ,  we are extremely pleased with the support we receive from your team .  the problem was fixed very quickly .  vince  from : joe langston / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 27 / 2001 11 : 31 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : recent hardware repair  vince ,  recently the hardware services team performed work on a piece of equipment  for you . the technician that performed the work was jd marter , and this is  just a follow up to insure that your problem was resolved . it is our goal to  provide you with the best service possible , so please feel free to respond to  this email if you have any comments that may help us provide you better  service in the future . attached you will find a work log detailing what was  done to resolve your issue . if you have any questions , or if the problem is  not completely resolved please feel free to contact me .  thank you ,  joe langston  team lead hardware services  office : 713 - 345 - 8883  cell : 713 - 545 - 5912  pager : 877 - 239 - 2794",0,recent hardware repair joe extremely pleased support receive team problem fixed quickly vince joe langston enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject recent hardware repair vince recently hardware services team performed work piece equipment technician performed work jd marter follow insure problem resolved goal provide best service possible please feel free respond email comments may help us provide better service future attached find work log detailing done resolve issue questions problem completely resolved please feel free contact thank joe langston team lead hardware services office cell pager
Subject: approval is overdue : access request for tony . hamilton @ enron . com  this request has been pending approval for 3 days and you are the  alternate . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000023619  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 3 / 14 / 01 11 : 00 : 28 am  requested for : tony . hamilton @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory,0,approval overdue access request tony hamilton enron com request pending approval days alternate please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date requested tony hamilton enron com resource name enehou houston common research read write resource type directory
"Subject: payroll  elena chilkina was not paid for the following days ,  july 3 and 4 .  please any questions contact shirley crenshaw  or kevin moore .  if more information is needed feel free to call x 34710 .  thanks  kevin moore",0,payroll elena chilkina paid following days july please questions contact shirley crenshaw kevin moore information needed feel free call x thanks kevin moore
"Subject: presentation to faculty and students at berkeley  vince - -  please feel free to also call jeff dasovich ( 415 - 782 - 7822 ) in our san  fransisco office . he has been very involved in the california market  discussions and presented before ferc during their field hearings . he knows  the profs you are meeting with and has some great insights into our positions .  jeff also attended berkeley as an undergrad and is now attending their  b - school in the evenings .  thanks .  jim steffes  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / hou / ees on 09 / 20 / 2000  09 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : steven j kean @ enron on 09 / 20 / 2000 09 : 21 am  sent by : steven j kean @ enron  to : maureen mcvicker / na / enron @ enron , james d steffes / hou / ees @ ees , elizabeth  linnell / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : presentation to faculty and students at berkeley  maureen - - please send vince my california testimony and the talking point  presentation for jeff skilling at the national press club .  eliz - - keep vince on the distribution list for the documents we are  generating now to repond to the california situation .  - - - - - forwarded by steven j kean / na / enron on 09 / 20 / 2000 09 : 18 am - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  09 / 18 / 2000 01 : 26 pm  to : steven j kean / na / enron @ enron  cc : charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron  subject : presentation to faculty and students at berkeley  steve ,  i am a lead recruiter at the university of california at berkeley for  enron analyst / associate program .  i contacted several friends who work at berkeley and received an invitation  from one of them to make a presentation at the weekly faculty seminar  of the dept . of industrial engineering and operations research .  the students and faculty members from the business school will be also  invited .  berkeley in general , and department of industrial engineering and operations  research in  particular , are important centers of academic research on electricity markets  ( s . oren works very closely with severin borenstein ) .  my presentation will focus on the analyst / associate program . i shall also  have  an opportunity to discuss the power markets in california ( i expect many  questions ) before many experts who are very important to shaping  public opinion and regulatory agenda .  please , let me know who in you group could help me in preparing this  presentation  and in presenting enron ' s point of view in a more effective way .  vince  fyi . the name of my friend who invited me :  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777",0,presentation faculty students berkeley vince please feel free also call jeff dasovich san fransisco office involved california market discussions presented ferc field hearings knows profs meeting great insights positions jeff also attended berkeley undergrad attending b school evenings thanks jim steffes forwarded james steffes hou ees steven j kean enron sent steven j kean enron maureen mcvicker na enron enron james steffes hou ees ees elizabeth linnell na enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject presentation faculty students berkeley maureen please send vince california testimony talking point presentation jeff skilling national press club eliz keep vince distribution list documents generating repond california situation forwarded steven j kean na enron vince j kaminski ect pm steven j kean na enron enron cc charlene jackson corp enron enron celeste roberts hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect ashley baxter corp enron enron subject presentation faculty students berkeley steve lead recruiter university california berkeley enron analyst associate program contacted several friends work berkeley received invitation one make presentation weekly faculty seminar dept industrial engineering operations research students faculty members business school also invited berkeley general department industrial engineering operations research particular important centers academic research electricity markets oren works closely severin borenstein presentation focus analyst associate program shall also opportunity discuss power markets california expect many questions many experts important shaping public opinion regulatory agenda please let know group could help preparing presentation presenting enron point view effective way vince fyi name friend invited shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca
"Subject: bio ' s  hi john !  so sorry for the delay in getting these to you this evening - - - "" connectivity ""  issues . . . a few monks too few ! ! ( haha ) .  here are the most current bio ' s for jeff and ken :  .  i thoroughly enjoyed our dinner this evening and look forward to seeing you  tomorrow !  thanks !  - - christie .",0,bio hi john sorry delay getting evening connectivity issues monks haha current bio jeff ken thoroughly enjoyed dinner evening look forward seeing tomorrow thanks christie
"Subject: re : information  dear mr kaminski :  thank you very much for your help .  sincerely ,  yann  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , november 21 , 2000 10 : 05 am  to : ydhallui @ elora . math . uwaterloo . ca  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : information  yann ,  i have forwarded this request to a member of my group who  supports enron broadband services .  he will check into availability of data and confidentiality issues .  vince",0,information dear mr kaminski thank much help sincerely yann original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent tuesday november ydhallui elora math uwaterloo ca cc vince j kaminski enron com subject information yann forwarded request member group supports enron broadband services check availability data confidentiality issues vince
"Subject: checking account update  dear reader :  we sometimes approach our analysts for their thoughts on emerging market sectors we ' re interested in . on certain occasions , they come to us with intriguing insights of certain aspects of the market that have caught their attention .  as you know our track record speaks for itself we are happy to bring you another situation with huge upside potential we think this could be the one that when we look back shortly everyone will be saying i should have more .  for more info click here ! ! !  remember : nothing ventured nothing gained ",1,checking account update dear reader sometimes approach analysts thoughts emerging market sectors interested certain occasions come us intriguing insights certain aspects market caught attention know track record speaks happy bring another situation huge upside potential think could one look back shortly everyone saying info click remember nothing ventured nothing gained
"Subject: sap id - here it is ! ! ! ! !  the following sap id and password allows you to access pay , benefit , and  personal data via ehronline . do not provide this id / password to anyone as it  enables modification to direct deposit account information .  the sap system and ehronline will be available beginning  friday , june 23 at 8 : 00 am for time entry .  full sap functionality for financials will be available on july 5 , 2000 .  you will be asked to change your password at the initial logon . your new  password should meet the following criteria :  must be 6 - 8 characters long  can include numbers and letters  can not include ' enron ' in your password .  the system will require you to change your password every 90 days .  the following address will connect you to ehronline beginning friday , june 23  at 8 : 00 am , http : / / ehronline . enron . com  ( must use internet explorer , version 4 . 01 or higher to access this link . )  how do i get help ? :  sap support :  call the coe sap hotline at 713 - 345 - 4 sap ( 4727 ) .  for quick reference tools , security request processes , after hours contact  information and other general information , go to the coe web site via  internet explorer using the following url address :  http : / / sap . enron . com / coe  for troubleshooting and go - live tips , go to the following web site , via  internet explorer , using the following url address :  http : / / sap . enron . com / coe  click on sap , then click on troubleshooting and go - live tips  training :  contact your site manager if you were not able to attend a sap training  class , and would like to attend one ,  for approval and role assignment .  for interactive web based training for ehronline time entry , go to the  following web site , via internet explorer ,  using the following url address :  select the "" new users click here to register "" link",0,sap id following sap id password allows access pay benefit personal data via ehronline provide id password anyone enables modification direct deposit account information sap system ehronline available beginning friday june time entry full sap functionality financials available july asked change password initial logon new password meet following criteria must characters long include numbers letters include enron password system require change password every days following address connect ehronline beginning friday june http ehronline enron com must use internet explorer version higher access link get help sap support call coe sap hotline sap quick reference tools security request processes hours contact information general information go coe web site via internet explorer using following url address http sap enron com coe troubleshooting go live tips go following web site via internet explorer using following url address http sap enron com coe click sap click troubleshooting go live tips training contact site manager able attend sap training class would like attend one approval role assignment interactive web based training ehronline time entry go following web site via internet explorer using following url address select new users click register link
"Subject: site license for power world  gentleman ,  kevin presto concurred on the purchase of a site license as recommended by  vince . what are the thoughts of others ? i am available to demo the package  if others would like to see it .  thanks ,  lance  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 11 / 20 / 2000  01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 10 / 2000 09 : 16 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , tim  belden / hou / ect @ ect , tim . heizenrader @ enron . com , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect ,  george hopley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron  subject : site license for power world  gentlemen ,  i recommend that we purchase this package and split the cost 3 ways between 3  power trading desks .  i think that we should go for option 3 ( ~ $ 15 , 000 ) .  lance cunningham in my group looked at this software package and found it  very useful for modeling transmission problems .  please , feel free to ask him for technical details in support of this  recommendation .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 10 / 2000  09 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lance cunningham @ enron on 11 / 09 / 2000 06 : 15 : 14 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : site license for power world  vince ,  we have three options to increase our availability across enron for the power  world load flow software .  option 1 , upgrade to a site license for the load flow software only . price  $ 9 , 990 . 00  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , but not  determine marginal cost or available transfer capacity ( atc ) because only the  optimal power flow ( opf ) version can perform that task .  option 2 , site license for the load flow and purchase 1 opf package for  walter coffer ' s group . price $ 11 , 240 .  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows and one other  group the ability to determine marginal cost and atc .  option 3 , site license for load flows , opf and atc . price $ 14 , 990 . 00  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , marginal  cost , and atc .  regards ,  lance",0,site license power world gentleman kevin presto concurred purchase site license recommended vince thoughts others available demo package others would like see thanks lance forwarded lance cunningham na enron pm vince j kaminski ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect richard lewis lon ect ect tim belden hou ect ect tim heizenrader enron com kevin presto hou ect ect george hopley hou ect ect cc lance cunningham na enron enron subject site license power world gentlemen recommend purchase package split cost ways power trading desks think go option lance cunningham group looked software package found useful modeling transmission problems please feel free ask technical details support recommendation vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect lance cunningham enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect subject site license power world vince three options increase availability across enron power world load flow software option upgrade site license load flow software price would give enron ability perform load flows determine marginal cost available transfer capacity atc optimal power flow opf version perform task option site license load flow purchase opf package walter coffer group price would give enron ability perform load flows one group ability determine marginal cost atc option site license load flows opf atc price would give enron ability perform load flows marginal cost atc regards lance
"Subject: re : interviews  marshall ,  sorry for a delay in responding to you .  my hr people were asked to get in touch with you re  the candidates .  vince  marshall brown on 03 / 27 / 2001 02 : 36 : 12 pm  to : "" ' vince kaminski ' ""  cc :  subject : interviews  vince ,  i had two candidates speak with zamin lu on 3 / 14 / 01 and 3 / 16 / 01 .  ( renshi zhang and bill koures respectively ) . i know you were in london last  week . if you could please give me some feedback ( either positive or  negative ) as soon as possible , i would appreciate it .  regards ,  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  phone : 212 - 704 - 0596  fax : 212 - 704 - 4312  marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  be intercepted by a third party .  this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  the system manager .  this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . ",0,interviews marshall sorry delay responding hr people asked get touch candidates vince marshall brown pm vince kaminski cc subject interviews vince two candidates speak zamin lu renshi zhang bill koures respectively know london last week could please give feedback either positive negative soon possible would appreciate regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates phone fax marshall brown robertwalters com caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses
Subject: request submitted : access request for jeremy . waggenspack @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data  approver . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000005411  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 10 / 23 / 00 8 : 48 : 43 am  requested for : jeremy . waggenspack @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory,0,request submitted access request jeremy waggenspack enron com received email listed alternate data approver please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date requested jeremy waggenspack enron com resource name enehou houston common research read write resource type directory
"Subject: [ ilug ] business  central bank of nigeria  foreign remittance dept .  tinubu square , lagos nigeria  email - smith _ j @ mailsurf . com  23 th of august 2002  attn : president / ceo  strictly private business proposal  i am mr . johnson s . abu , the bills and exchange director at the  foreignremittance department of the central bank of nigeria . i am  writingyou  this letter to ask for your support and cooperation to carrying thisbusiness  opportunity in my department . we discovered abandoned the sumof  us $ 37 , 400 , 000 . 00 ( thirty seven million four hundred thousand unitedstates  dollars ) in an account that belong to one of our foreign customers , an  american  late engr . john creek ( junior ) an oil merchant with the federal government  of  nigeria who died along with his entire family of a wifeand two children in  kenya airbus ( a 310 - 300 ) flight kq 430 in november 2000 .  since we heard of his death , we have been expecting his next of kin tocome  over  and put claims for his money as the heir , because we cannotrelease the fund  from his account unless someone applies for claims asthe next of kin to the  deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately , neither  their  family member nor distant relative hasappeared to claim the said fund . upon  this discovery , i and other officialsin my department have agreed to make  business with you release the totalamount into your account as the heir of  the  fund since no one came forit or discovered either maintained account with  our  bank , other wisethe fund will be returned to the bank treasury as unclaimed  fund .  we have agreed that our ratio of sharing will be as stated thus : 30 % for  you as  foreign partner and 70 % for us the officials in my department .  upon the successful completion of this transfer , my colleague and i  willcome to  your country and mind our share . it is from our 60 % we intendto import  computer  accessories into my country as way of recycling thefund . to commence this  transaction we require you to immediately indicateyour interest by calling  me  or sending me a fax immediately on the abovetelefax # and enclose your  private  contact telephone # , fax # , full nameand address and your designated  banking co -  ordinates to enable us fileletter of claim to the appropriate department  for  necessary approvalsbefore the transfer can be made .  note also , this transaction must be kept strictly confidential becauseof its  nature .  nb : please remember to give me your phone and fax no  mr . johnson smith abu  - -  irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug business central bank nigeria foreign remittance dept tinubu square lagos nigeria email smith j mailsurf com th august attn president ceo strictly private business proposal mr johnson abu bills exchange director foreignremittance department central bank nigeria writingyou letter ask support cooperation carrying thisbusiness opportunity department discovered abandoned sumof us thirty seven million four hundred thousand unitedstates dollars account belong one foreign customers american late engr john creek junior oil merchant federal government nigeria died along entire family wifeand two children kenya airbus flight kq november since heard death expecting next kin tocome put claims money heir cannotrelease fund account unless someone applies claims asthe next kin deceased indicated banking guidelines unfortunately neither family member distant relative hasappeared claim said fund upon discovery officialsin department agreed make business release totalamount account heir fund since one came forit discovered either maintained account bank wisethe fund returned bank treasury unclaimed fund agreed ratio sharing stated thus foreign partner us officials department upon successful completion transfer colleague willcome country mind share intendto import computer accessories country way recycling thefund commence transaction require immediately indicateyour interest calling sending fax immediately abovetelefax enclose private contact telephone fax full nameand address designated banking co ordinates enable us fileletter claim appropriate department necessary approvalsbefore transfer made note also transaction must kept strictly confidential becauseof nature nb please remember give phone fax mr johnson smith abu irish linux users group ilug linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo ilug un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: 3 locations free : orlando , las vegas , ft laud .  congratulations on  receiving this special e - mail invitation ! ! !  these invitations were only being sent out . . . to a very select group of  individuals like yourself . . . who were confirmed and qualified to receive this spectacular  offer ! ! !  please click on the link below to register and receive your complimentary  three night stay in your choice of three ( 3 ) of these nine ( 9 ) fun filled locations ! ! !  - magical orlando  - las vegas . . . city of lights  - palm beach , fl . . . . florida ' s best kept secret  - fabulous ft , lauderdale  - atlantic city . . . city of excitement  - new smyrna beach , fl . . . . secluded from it all  - daytona beach , fl . . . the worlds most famous beach  - key west , fl . . . the southern most point in the u . s .  - miami south beach . the city that never sleeps  so log onto : http : / / www . famtriptravel . com / 3 mv _ cntr . html  . . . for your complimentary vacations for two ! ! !  keep in mind . . . our obligation to hold your vacations will expire 72 hours  from the date of delivery of this special invitation  special disclaimer : this message is sent in compliance of the proposed bill  section 301 ,  paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . by providing a valid remove me  feature it can not be  considered spam . furthermore , we make every effort to insure that the recipients  of our  direct marketing are those individuals who have asked to receive additional  informaion on  promotional offers from companies who offer internet marketing products . again  we  apologize if this message has reached you in error . screening of addresses has  been done  to the best of our technical ability . we honor all removal requests . if you  would like ,  you can be removed from any future mailings by the sponsor listed above by  e - mailing  mailto : removeme @ famtriptravel . com  with the subject remove me in the subject line .  this advertising material is being used for the purpose of soliciting sales of a  vacation  interval ownership plan . ",1,locations free orlando las vegas ft laud congratulations receiving special e mail invitation invitations sent select group individuals like confirmed qualified receive spectacular offer please click link register receive complimentary three night stay choice three nine fun filled locations magical orlando las vegas city lights palm beach fl florida best kept secret fabulous ft lauderdale atlantic city city excitement new smyrna beach fl secluded daytona beach fl worlds famous beach key west fl southern point u miami south beach city never sleeps log onto http www famtriptravel com mv cntr html complimentary vacations two keep mind obligation hold vacations expire hours date delivery special invitation special disclaimer message sent compliance proposed bill section paragraph c providing valid remove feature considered spam furthermore make every effort insure recipients direct marketing individuals asked receive additional informaion promotional offers companies offer internet marketing products apologize message reached error screening addresses done best technical ability honor removal requests would like removed future mailings sponsor listed e mailing mailto removeme famtriptravel com subject remove subject line advertising material used purpose soliciting sales vacation interval ownership plan
"Subject: entrust your visual identity to us  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of iogos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing  toois wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amongthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,entrust visual identity us thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom design iogos stationery web sites carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing toois wili bring breath fresh air business make stand amongthe competitors ciick away future success click see samples artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
"Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 qhlkd  order for : tom halliburton  this computer is required to run a software licence manager only . it will be  running continously , but will not be used by any individual . the smallest ,  cheapest machine suitable connecting to the enron network will be adequate .  secondhand hardware will be suitable .  enron it purchasing",0,confirmation order automatic confirmation order placed using central request number ecth qhlkd order tom halliburton computer required run software licence manager running continously used individual smallest cheapest machine suitable connecting enron network adequate secondhand hardware suitable enron purchasing
"Subject: telephone interview with the houston research group  good morning quentin :  vince kaminski and the research group would like to conduct a telephone  interview with you sometime next week . considering the time difference  between  houston and australia , it probably makes sense to try and schedule it very  early in the morning your time , say 7 : 00 am ? it would be 5 : 00 pm here in  houston .  how does next wednesday or thursday , ( 8 / 16 or 8 / 17 ) at 7 : 00 am your time  sound ?  also , please let me know if you want to be reached at home or work .  thanks quentin and have a great day !  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,telephone interview houston research group good morning quentin vince kaminski research group would like conduct telephone interview sometime next week considering time difference houston australia probably makes sense try schedule early morning time say would pm houston next wednesday thursday time sound also please let know want reached home work thanks quentin great day shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: [ ilug ] bank error in your favor  substantial monthly income makers voucher  income transfer systems / distribution center  pending income amount : up to $ 21 , 000 . 00  good news ! you have made the substancial income makers list . this means you get the entire system and get the opportunity to make up to $ 21 , 000 . 00 a month .  to receive this system , follow this link !  get ready , you will immediately receive all the information needed to make a substantial monthly income .  what are you waiting for ! ! http : / / www . hotresponders . com / cgi - bin / varpro / vartrack . cgi ? t = wendy 7172 : 1  you are receiving this email due to having requested info on internet businesses . if you are not longer looking for one , please click the remove link below .  click on the link below to remove yourself  aol users  remove me  - -  irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug bank error favor substantial monthly income makers voucher income transfer systems distribution center pending income amount good news made substancial income makers list means get entire system get opportunity make month receive system follow link get ready immediately receive information needed make substantial monthly income waiting http www hotresponders com cgi bin varpro vartrack cgi wendy receiving email due requested info internet businesses longer looking one please click remove link click link remove aol users remove irish linux users group ilug linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo ilug un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: re : mscf speaker series  pierre - philippe ste - marie  thanks . kevin kindall and , possibly , kristin gandy from enron will come with  me .  vince  "" pierre - philippe ste - marie "" on 11 / 01 / 2000 09 : 37 : 13 pm  to :  cc : "" rick bryant ""  subject : re : mscf speaker series  dear mr . kaminski ,  thank you very much for changing your plane ticket , it was unhoped for .  everyhting is now ready for your arrival . we will be at 10 . 30 am on friday at  your hotel . if you have not received your schedule yet here is the outline :  10 . 30 on board for school  11 . 00 - 11 . 30 presentation set up . brief brush up with students .  11 . 30 - 14 . 00 presentation and lunch with students  14 . 00 - 14 . 30 meeting with professor chester spatt  15 . 00 - 15 . 30 meeting with coc officer  15 . 30 - 16 . 00 brief tour of the school . ( the four department that sponsor the  mscf program )  16 . 00 back at the hotel to relax .  18 . 30 the group will come at your hotel to go to the restaurant .  here is the roster for the evening .  - kent garrett : one of the top seed of this year ' s class , versed in  mathematic and computer science . will guide and drive you through the day .  - ignacio delgado : another top student , master from yale . versed in finance ,  economics and computer science .  - punit rawal : seasonned professional , worked in the financial industry for  many years prior to joining the program .  - hisamitsu tanaka : another seasonned professional , worked in a major  japanese bank for many years as a fx option trader / risk manager .  - teresa holden : bright computer scientist , worked in an it group for many  years prior to joining the program .  - frank quian : brilliant programmer , phd in microbiology form columbia .  - rick bryant : director of the mscf program  - pierre - philippe ste - marie : president of the speaker series ( that would be  me ! )  if there is anything else i can do , please tell me .  pierre - philippe ste - marie  http : / / pstemarie . homestead . com",0,mscf speaker series pierre philippe ste marie thanks kevin kindall possibly kristin gandy enron come vince pierre philippe ste marie pm cc rick bryant subject mscf speaker series dear mr kaminski thank much changing plane ticket unhoped everyhting ready arrival friday hotel received schedule yet outline board school presentation set brief brush students presentation lunch students meeting professor chester spatt meeting coc officer brief tour school four department sponsor mscf program back hotel relax group come hotel go restaurant roster evening kent garrett one top seed year class versed mathematic computer science guide drive day ignacio delgado another top student master yale versed finance economics computer science punit rawal seasonned professional worked financial industry many years prior joining program hisamitsu tanaka another seasonned professional worked major japanese bank many years fx option trader risk manager teresa holden bright computer scientist worked group many years prior joining program frank quian brilliant programmer phd microbiology form columbia rick bryant director mscf program pierre philippe ste marie president speaker series would anything else please tell pierre philippe ste marie http pstemarie homestead com
"Subject: jedi shares  vince ,  attached is a description of the deal involving jedi shares . the structure  is a two - year forward followed by another two years of restriction . the  pricing is consistent with our previous approach . i have given a copy to  stinson as well . as ryan would like a reply in the am hours , i would like to  let him know by 11 am . please take a look and let me know what your thoughts  are , time permitting . otherwise , i shall check with stinson and proceed .  thanks .  rakesh  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rakesh bharati / na / enron on 04 / 06 / 2001  09 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : ryan siurek on 04 / 06 / 2001 08 : 17 am  to : rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron  cc : george mckean / na / enron @ enron , gordon mckillop / na / enron @ enron , ron  baker / enron @ enronxgate  subject :  rakesh ,  can you please take a look at this write up that i put together last night .  i would like to get your comments this morning if possible . i am trying to  see if we can use this as a discussion tool with some investment banks to get  their comments as to the reasonableness of the restriction calculated .  also , thanks for your assistance with andersen yesterday . they should be  directing all of their questions / comments to me so i can intermediate with  you and the rest of the research group . please let me know if they start  calling you with questions or want to set up any meetings .  regards ,  ryan",0,jedi shares vince attached description deal involving jedi shares structure two year forward followed another two years restriction pricing consistent previous approach given copy stinson well ryan would like reply hours would like let know please take look let know thoughts time permitting otherwise shall check stinson proceed thanks rakesh forwarded rakesh bharati na enron ryan siurek rakesh bharati na enron enron cc george mckean na enron enron gordon mckillop na enron enron ron baker enron enronxgate subject rakesh please take look write put together last night would like get comments morning possible trying see use discussion tool investment banks get comments reasonableness restriction calculated also thanks assistance andersen yesterday directing questions comments intermediate rest research group please let know start calling questions want set meetings regards ryan
"Subject: need an outstanding logo now ?  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe  of your company by creatinq an outstanding iogo , presentabie stationery  items and professionai website . these marketing tools wiil significantiy  contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deai packaqes and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,need outstanding logo working company image start visual identity key first good impression help take part buildinq positive visuai imaqe company creatinq outstanding iogo presentabie stationery items professionai website marketing tools wiil significantiy contributeto success business take look work samples hot deai packaqes see offer work interested
"Subject: fw : eprm article  any feedback on the latest article from chris for eprm ? ? please let me know  when i can expect some feedback so i can get back to eprm , since they are  going to press in a week .  ?  thanks ,  julie  ?  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : robin lancaster  to : julie  sent : wednesday , october 11 , 2000 10 : 52 am  subject : eprm article  julie  i know that chris is away and so siad to contact you with any problems . just  want to know the status of the article for this month ? the last e - mail from  chris said it was getting a final look over from vince kaminski and i should  expect it a few days and that was last thursday . any news , as we ' re due to  go to press in a week and a day .  robin",0,fw eprm article feedback latest article chris eprm please let know expect feedback get back eprm since going press week thanks julie original message robin lancaster julie sent wednesday october subject eprm article julie know chris away siad contact problems want know status article month last e mail chris said getting final look vince kaminski expect days last thursday news due go press week day robin
Subject: loaded with technology for business and home .  microsoft localized software .  http : / / iylo . box 8 wab 48 lti 8 ut . evelynlb . com  some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses .  the smaller the mind the greater the conceit .,1,loaded technology business home microsoft localized software http iylo box wab lti ut evelynlb com best leading men dogs horses smaller mind greater conceit
"Subject: aram ' s visit  jesus ,  friday , april 28 , works for me . i am free between 8 : 00 - 10 : 30 to meet with  aram .  would you like to meet him for lunch or dinner ?  vince",0,aram visit jesus friday april works free meet aram would like meet lunch dinner vince
"Subject: hello bevstarl 0  dear bevstarl 0 ,  rape sex !  click here  do you like sexy animals doing the wild thing ? we have the super hot content on the internet !  this is the site you have heard about . rated the number one adult site three years in a row !  - thousands of pics from hardcore fucking , and cum shots to pet on girl .  - thousands videos  so what are you waiting for ?  click here  you must be at least 18 to enter !  to not be on our in house address database  click here and you will eliminated from future mailings .  [ : kj ) _ 8 j 7 b ]",1,hello bevstarl dear bevstarl rape sex click like sexy animals wild thing super hot content internet site heard rated number one adult site three years row thousands pics hardcore fucking cum shots pet girl thousands videos waiting click must least enter house address database click eliminated future mailings kj j b
"Subject: now you can learn the most pleasant moments of sex !  you can decide right now to develop the same libido .  [ what is the definition of guts ? ] grace under pressure .  every man ' s life is a fairy - tale written by god ' s fingers .  et tu , brute !",1,learn pleasant moments sex decide right develop libido definition guts grace pressure every man life fairy tale written god fingers et tu brute
"Subject: powerisk 2000 - more cocktail info  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by iona maclean / lon / ect on 22 / 09 / 2000 12 : 24  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : simon turner  22 / 09 / 2000 11 : 29  to : keiron . ferguson @ accessenergy . nl , mcrosno @ altra . com , ed @ apx . com ,  alaw @ avistaenergy . com , markw @ citizenspower . com ,  chris _ strickland @ compuserve . com , hbrett @ cyberbuilding . com , geman @ dauphine . fr ,  charles . heard @ dc . com , chris . miller @ dc . com , gilbert . toppin @ dc . com ,  pat . breen @ dc . com , stuart . beeston @ dc . com , klaus . petzel @ dowjones . com ,  sama @ dynegy . com , jdaly @ enermetrix . com , iona . maclean @ enron . com ,  vkaminski @ enron . com , mwalsh @ envifi . com , mark @ fea . com ,  bachar . samawi @ gen . pge . com , garman @ haas . berkeley . edu ,  fgetman @ houstonstreet . com , dave . gardner @ innogy . com , stepheng @ ipe . uk . com ,  lecoq _ sophie @ jpmorgan . com , ruckt @ kochind . com , les @ lacima . co . uk ,  simon @ localbloke . freeserve . co . uk , carlhans . uhle @ lpx . de , e . westre @ mvv . de ,  pwold @ . com , david . whitley @ nordpool . com ,  lburke @ nymex . com , xavier . bruckert @ omgroup . com ,  aram . sogomonian @ pacificorp . com , peter . haigh @ pgen . com ,  sven . otten @ preussenelektra . de , detlef _ r _ hallermann @ reliantenergy . com ,  phil . saunders @ southernenergy - europe . nl ,  alexander . eydeland @ southernenergy . com , juerg _ trueb @ swissre . com ,  alang @ tfs - ln . co . uk , annunziata @ tradecapture . com ,  martin . stanley @ txu - europe . com , simon . harrington @ txu - europe . com ,  rob @ weatherderivs . com  cc :  subject : powerisk 2000 - important invitation  * * high priority * *  dear colleague  please find attached two invitations to cocktail parties to be held at  powerisk 2000 .  you will receive a formal invitation by post . however , just in case this  does not reach you by any chance , please print off the attached copies and  bring these with you .  the cocktails will provide the opportunity to meet all other speakers and  delegates .  we look forward to seeing you next week .  regards  rosemary fitzgerald  powerisk 2000  - cocktail - invite . doc",0,powerisk cocktail info forwarded iona maclean lon ect enron capital trade resources corp simon turner keiron ferguson accessenergy nl mcrosno altra com ed apx com alaw avistaenergy com markw citizenspower com chris strickland compuserve com hbrett cyberbuilding com geman dauphine fr charles heard dc com chris miller dc com gilbert toppin dc com pat breen dc com stuart beeston dc com klaus petzel dowjones com sama dynegy com jdaly enermetrix com iona maclean enron com vkaminski enron com mwalsh envifi com mark fea com bachar samawi gen pge com garman haas berkeley edu fgetman houstonstreet com dave gardner innogy com stepheng ipe uk com lecoq sophie jpmorgan com ruckt kochind com les lacima co uk simon localbloke freeserve co uk carlhans uhle lpx de e westre mvv de pwold com david whitley nordpool com lburke nymex com xavier bruckert omgroup com aram sogomonian pacificorp com peter haigh pgen com sven otten preussenelektra de detlef r hallermann reliantenergy com phil saunders southernenergy europe nl alexander eydeland southernenergy com juerg trueb swissre com alang tfs ln co uk annunziata tradecapture com martin stanley txu europe com simon harrington txu europe com rob weatherderivs com cc subject powerisk important invitation high priority dear colleague please find attached two invitations cocktail parties held powerisk receive formal invitation post however case reach chance please print attached copies bring cocktails provide opportunity meet speakers delegates look forward seeing next week regards rosemary fitzgerald powerisk cocktail invite doc
"Subject: re : potential prospect  hey vince ,  i e - mailed george to send you a resume .  tom  professor tom arnold  e . j . ourso college of business administration  department of finance  2155 ceba  louisiana state university  baton rouge , la 70803  o : 225 - 388 - 6369  f : 225 - 388 - 6366",0,potential prospect hey vince e mailed george send resume tom professor tom arnold e j ourso college business administration department finance ceba louisiana state university baton rouge la f
"Subject: addition to enron - summer internships  kristin  another tiger .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 05 / 2001  09 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  fap on 02 / 05 / 2001 08 : 34 : 26 am  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc : fap , "" ' mvittal @ wharton . upenn . edu ' ""  subject : addition to enron - summer internships  vince :  please include ram vittal to the summer internship list , if you have not  already done so .  according to my count , that make a total of 8 students from the enron tiger  team who have a desire to work with enron .  thanks ,  donna  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vittal , maheshram [ mailto : mvittal @ wharton . upenn . edu ]  sent : friday , february 02 , 2001 10 : 17 pm  to : ' fap '  subject : re : call from enron  donna :  i had submitted my resume directly to their recruiting office and haven ' t  heard from them . i would be very willing to reforward my resume , if  required .  thanks ,  ram",0,addition enron summer internships kristin another tiger vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect fap vkamins enron com cc fap mvittal wharton upenn edu subject addition enron summer internships vince please include ram vittal summer internship list already done according count make total students enron tiger team desire work enron thanks donna original message vittal maheshram mailto mvittal wharton upenn edu sent friday february pm fap subject call enron donna submitted resume directly recruiting office heard would willing reforward resume required thanks ram
"Subject: launch issue / the risk desk  dear trading and risk exec : i ' ve attached the premier issue of our newest  publication covering the traded energy markets - - the risk desk - - sister  publication to our leading weekly , the desk . the attached issue ( a pdf file )  is of course free and has zero obligation .  the publication was created in response from readers like you , who requested  a less dense , more upbeat and generally more readable publication dedicated  to original news , analysis , and commentary on price , credit , operational and  market risk management in the evolving energy trading space .  and , because you ' re either a current or recent subscriber to one of our other  publications , we ' re offering you a very special charter rate to our new  publication - - that is if you contact us before may 27 th . contact us in the  next 30 days and subscribe to a full year of the risk desk for only $ 199 ! !  after may 27 , we will of course ratchet up the price , good capitalists that  we are .  but for now , enjoy your free , no - obligation issue to the risk desk . we look  forward to hearing from you , soon .  regards ,  john sodergreen  john sodergreen  editor - in - chief  scudder publishing group , llc  ph : 410 / 923 - 0688  fax : 410 / 923 - 0667  johns @ scudderpublishing . com  the desk , the risk desk , power executive  the bandwidth desk , energy ebusiness  - april 27 . 01 risk . pdf",0,launch issue risk desk dear trading risk exec attached premier issue newest publication covering traded energy markets risk desk sister publication leading weekly desk attached issue pdf file course free zero obligation publication created response readers like requested less dense upbeat generally readable publication dedicated original news analysis commentary price credit operational market risk management evolving energy trading space either current recent subscriber one publications offering special charter rate new publication contact us may th contact us next days subscribe full year risk desk may course ratchet price good capitalists enjoy free obligation issue risk desk look forward hearing soon regards john sodergreen john sodergreen editor chief scudder publishing group llc ph fax johns scudderpublishing com desk risk desk power executive bandwidth desk energy ebusiness april risk pdf
"Subject: there  hello visioson @ hpp . za . net ,  a friend showed me a way out to get p . p . v . on tv and yet not pay anything ?  ha ha , yea , right , i mean it .  hit below and check it yourself :  http : / / balkis . look 4 express . info  easy to install .  to get off , just add slash r to the above address .  14 . ninety six bottles of beer , three a ' s , three b ' s , one c , two d ' s , twenty eight e ' s , seven f ' s , three g ' s , eight h ' s , thirteen i ' s , four l ' s , sixteen n ' s , nine o ' s , nine r ' s , twenty six s ' s , twenty t ' s , four u ' s , four v ' s , six w ' s , five x ' s , and five y ' s on the wall . .  i could go on and on , but i won ' t . we have many programs the children love . but i would give them all up to keep my boring noun program . i thank the parent daily for her insight . .  get back to you later ,  gordon sousa",1,hello visioson hpp za net friend showed way get p p v tv yet pay anything ha ha yea right mean hit check http balkis look express info easy install get add slash r address ninety six bottles beer three three b one c two twenty eight e seven f three g eight h thirteen four l sixteen n nine nine r twenty six twenty four u four v six w five x five wall could go many programs children love would give keep boring noun program thank parent daily insight get back later gordon sousa
"Subject: re : agenda for houston visit  christian ,  good news  vince has approved getting a corporate apartment for your stay  please forward your finalized arrival date and extent of stay and i will  coordinate  - - - mike",0,agenda houston visit christian good news vince approved getting corporate apartment stay please forward finalized arrival date extent stay coordinate mike
"Subject: research seminar  vince has asked that i forward the following :  we will begin a seminar devoted to the book on "" energy  derivatives "" , written by clewlow and strickland , every first and  third friday of each month , beginning january 19 th . stinson  gibner has volunteered to act as the seminar coordinator .  on january 19 th only , the seminar will be held in eb 30 cl .  every session thereafter will be in eb 49 cl . the seminar will be  conducted like a "" brown bag "" ( everyone bring their own lunch ) .  the seminar is mandatory for every member of the group who  started after january 1 , 2000 . however , all other members of  the group are invited to participate .  the books have been ordered and hopefully will arrive by the  day of the first meeting .  vince kaminski ",0,research seminar vince asked forward following begin seminar devoted book energy derivatives written clewlow strickland every first third friday month beginning january th stinson gibner volunteered act seminar coordinator january th seminar held eb cl every session thereafter eb cl seminar conducted like brown bag everyone bring lunch seminar mandatory every member group started january however members group invited participate books ordered hopefully arrive day first meeting vince kaminski
"Subject: re : resume  ok  vince j kaminski  01 / 17 / 2000 12 : 46 pm  to : elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : resume  elizabeth ,  please , include jim fallon on the list .  vince  from : elizabeth grant 01 / 17 / 2000 09 : 39 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : resume  will do !  - elizabeth  vince j kaminski  01 / 17 / 2000 08 : 21 am  to : elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect  cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , james b  fallon / hou / ect @ ect  subject : resume  elizabeth ,  i would like to bring this guy in , not necessarily to hire him ,  though it ' s a possibility , but mostly to find out what cinergy is doing .  we should include some power traders and originators in the interview list .  grant masson can give you some hints .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000  08 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com on 01 / 14 / 2000 02 : 48 : 42 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume  vince ,  hope all is well . this candidate would be interested in talking with you .  regards ,  marshall brown  robert walters associates  212 - 704 - 0596  this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  the system manager .  this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  - yu _ hai . doc",0,resume ok vince j kaminski pm elizabeth grant hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect subject resume elizabeth please include jim fallon list vince elizabeth grant vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject resume elizabeth vince j kaminski elizabeth grant hou ect ect cc grant masson hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect james b fallon hou ect ect subject resume elizabeth would like bring guy necessarily hire though possibility mostly find cinergy include power traders originators interview list grant masson give hints vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect marshall brown robertwalters com pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject resume vince hope well candidate would interested talking regards marshall brown robert walters associates email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses yu hai doc
"Subject: use this handy interest calculator to get current interest information . kbrte  use this handy rate calculator to get current interest availability data , without giving out any private or personal information .  this was sent to you by an mediagroup for smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact sm - usa at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to exclude yourself from future sm - usa items please use this to go to the website and then use the choice at the bottom of the page .  kfegdwwverzd",1,use handy interest calculator get current interest information kbrte use handy rate calculator get current interest availability data without giving private personal information sent mediagroup smartmortgageusa questions may contact sm usa offer attn smartmortgageusa p box san francisco ca wish exclude future sm usa items please use go website use choice bottom page kfegdwwverzd
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  all iisted software is availabie for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery !  just few exampies :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe !  best reqards ,  lauraiee ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions qerman french spanish uk many others iisted software availabie immediate download need wait week cd deiivery exampies norton lnternet security pro windows xp professional sp fuil version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite including macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianguaqe best reqards lauraiee
"Subject: check out  here is the rfc that was written in 1994 about the internet of 2020 i  mentioned .  i hope you find it as enlightening as i did , and enjoy it as well .  click  here : http : / / info . internet . isi . edu / in - notes / rfc / files / rfcl 607 . txt  mak",0,check rfc written internet mentioned hope find enlightening enjoy well click http info internet isi edu notes rfc files rfcl txt mak
"Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s )  that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in  the performance management process , and your participation is very critical  to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the  performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as  described in the "" performance management quick reference guide "" . you may  begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms  completed by the date noted below .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers :  in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only )  or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback  requests , by operating company , that have an "" open "" feedback status . an  employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback  form and select the "" submit "" button in pep .  review group : enron  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000  zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000",0,mid year performance feedback note receive message time selected reviewer selected participate mid year performance management process providing meaningful feedback specific employee identified feedback plays important role performance management process participation critical success enron performance management goals please provide feedback employee listed accessing performance management system pep completing online feedback form described performance management quick reference guide may begin feedback input immediately please feedback forms completed date noted questions regarding pep responsibility process please call pep help desk following numbers u option europe option canada canada employees e mail questions perfmgmt enron com thank participation important process following list employees cumulative list feedback requests operating company open feedback status employee name longer appear completed feedback form select submit button pep review group enron feedback due date jun employee name supervisor name date selected ahmad anjam dale surbey may zipter rudi c theodore r murphy may
"Subject: re : holiday greeting from jerry wind  - holiday , revisionl . doc",0,holiday greeting jerry wind holiday revisionl doc
"Subject: too many credit card bills ! - this fixes that !  we can help you  . . .  reduce your  monthly payment up to 60 % . lower your credit  card interest rates . stop late or over  the limit fees . combine your  bills into one low simple payment . provide a  structured payment plan . bring your account to  a current status . private handling of  your accounts . put a debt specialist on your side .  not a loan , no credit check , no  property needed .  this email is not sent unsolicited . you are receiving it because you requested receive this email by opting - in with our marketing partner . you will receive notices of exciting offers , products , and other options ! however , we are committed to only sending to those people that desire these offers . if you do not wish to receive such offers  click here . or paste the following into any browser : http : / / 65 . 162 . 84 . 5 / perl / unsubscribe . pl ? s = to remove your email name from our list . you may contact our company by mail at 1323 s . e . 17 th street , suite number 345 , ft . lauderdale , fl 33316 ",1,many credit card bills fixes help reduce monthly payment lower credit card interest rates stop late limit fees combine bills one low simple payment provide structured payment plan bring account current status private handling accounts put debt specialist side loan credit check property needed email sent unsolicited receiving requested receive email opting marketing partner receive notices exciting offers products options however committed sending people desire offers wish receive offers click paste following browser http perl unsubscribe pl remove email name list may contact company mail e th street suite number ft lauderdale fl
"Subject: re : mid - project review dates - enron  great ! i ' ll arrange it with donna ! melinda arranged the video conference  on 32 . see you there !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001  10 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 47 am  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : mid - project review dates - enron  christie ,  feb the 20 th is the best time for me .  vince  christie patrick  01 / 23 / 2001 11 : 29 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : mid - project review dates - enron  hi vince !  the best dates for me are the 16 th or the 20 th .  please let me know !  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001  11 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  fap on 01 / 23 / 2001 11 : 46 : 32 am  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' "" , "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' ""  cc : fap  subject : mid - project review dates - enron  tiger hosts :  this is a reminder that the deadline for setting up the mid - project review  dates for your tiger team is friday , jan 26 .  the following are the remaining available dates / times . please let me know  what works best for you at your earliest convenience .  monday , feb 12 4 : 30 - 6 : 30 or 6 : 30 - 8 : 30  tuesday , feb 13 4 : 30 - 6 : 30 or 6 : 30 - 8 : 30  wed . , feb 14 4 : 30 - 6 : 30 or 6 : 30 - 8 : 30  friday , feb 16 10 : 00 - 12 : 00 or 6 : 30 - 8 : 30  tuesday , feb 20 6 : 30 - 8 : 30  again , this will be based on a first come - first serve basis . you may come to  campus or this can be done by videoconference . if you choose the latter ,  please provide to me a call - in number for the conference .  any questions , please contact the fap office .  donna piazze  program director  field application project  the wharton school  univ . of pennsylvania  215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727  fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu  piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu",0,mid project review dates enron great arrange donna melinda arranged video conference see christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect vince j kaminski christie patrick hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject mid project review dates enron christie feb th best time vince christie patrick pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject mid project review dates enron hi vince best dates th th please let know thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm fap vkamins enron com christie patrick enron com cc fap subject mid project review dates enron tiger hosts reminder deadline setting mid project review dates tiger team friday jan following remaining available dates times please let know works best earliest convenience monday feb tuesday feb wed feb friday feb tuesday feb based first come first serve basis may come campus done videoconference choose latter please provide call number conference questions please contact fap office donna piazze program director field application project wharton school univ pennsylvania fax fap management wharton upenn edu piazze wharton upenn edu
"Subject: re : cross - guarantees  attached are the latest drafts of 3 of the cross - guarantee agreements . i  have the other nine as well , in case you need them . the agreements are  basically identical with one exception . the debt to enron in raptor 3  ( approx . $ 259 mm ) is excluded from the guarantees . you may also note that  this debt is not represented on the dprs which i sent earlier . this is  because the formation of raptor 3 was a failed fas 125 transaction , therefore  we did not get sale treatment and can ' t recognize the debt in looking at  credit capacity . let me know if you have questions or if you need the other  nine guarantees . thanks ,  ron  - - - - - forwarded by ron baker / corp / enron on 01 / 03 / 2001 09 : 40 am - - - - -  "" kornreich , craig ""  12 / 18 / 2000 04 : 55 pm  to : "" curry , alicia "" , "" mintz , jordan ( enron ) ""  , "" ' joel . ephross @ enron . com ' ""  cc : "" ' kevin . d . jordan @ enron . com ' "" ,  "" ' george . mckean @ enron . com ' "" ,  "" ' ryan . siurek @ enron . com ' "" , "" patel trushar ( enron ) ""  , "" tiller , annmarie ( enron ) ""  , "" ' brent . vasconcellos @ enron . com ' ""  , "" ' ron . baker @ enron . com ' ""  , "" ' clint . walden @ enron . com ' "" ,  "" ' alan . quaintance @ enron . com ' "" , "" spradling , mark ""  , "" halbert , elaine ""  subject : re : cross - guarantees  attached please find drafts of the 3 remaining raptor guaranty agreements  ( i . e . , those where pronghorn is the beneficiary ) .  regards ,  craig s . kornreich  vinson & elkins l . l . p .  2300 first city tower  1001 fannin street  houston , tx 77002  ph ( 713 ) 758 - 4816  fax ( 713 ) 615 - 5862  e - mail : ckornreich @ velaw . com  + + + + + + confidentiality notice + + + + +  the information in this email may be confidential and / or privileged . this  email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization  named above . if you are not the intended recipient or an authorized  representative of the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any  review , dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments , if any ,  or the information contained herein is prohibited . if you have received  this email in error , please immediately notify the sender by return email  and delete this email from your system . thank you  - talon ( i ) ifo pronghorn ( iii ) cross - guarantee . doc  - timberwolf ( ii ) ifo pronghorn ( iii ) cross - guarantee ( v . 2 ) . doc  - bobcat ( iv ) ifo pronghorn ( iii ) cross - guarantee . doc",0,cross guarantees attached latest drafts cross guarantee agreements nine well case need agreements basically identical one exception debt enron raptor approx mm excluded guarantees may also note debt represented dprs sent earlier formation raptor failed fas transaction therefore get sale treatment recognize debt looking credit capacity let know questions need nine guarantees thanks ron forwarded ron baker corp enron kornreich craig pm curry alicia mintz jordan enron joel ephross enron com cc kevin jordan enron com george mckean enron com ryan siurek enron com patel trushar enron tiller annmarie enron brent vasconcellos enron com ron baker enron com clint walden enron com alan quaintance enron com spradling mark halbert elaine subject cross guarantees attached please find drafts remaining raptor guaranty agreements e pronghorn beneficiary regards craig kornreich vinson elkins l l p first city tower fannin street houston tx ph fax e mail ckornreich velaw com confidentiality notice information email may confidential privileged email intended reviewed individual organization named intended recipient authorized representative intended recipient hereby notified review dissemination copying email attachments information contained herein prohibited received email error please immediately notify sender return email delete email system thank talon ifo pronghorn iii cross guarantee doc timberwolf ii ifo pronghorn iii cross guarantee v doc bobcat iv ifo pronghorn iii cross guarantee doc
"Subject: forwarded email  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 11 / 20 / 2000  04 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin kindall  11 / 07 / 2000 03 : 12 pm  to : jean eisel  cc :  subject : re : recruiting  good afternoon . packing emails - - its just my style : )  currently , it is my understanding that we would like to interview the comp .  fin . students during the same period that we interview the mba ' s .  tentatively speaking , one schedule should be sufficient . i will attempt to  produce an official job description shortly .  kristen is out of town for the remainder of the week , so her response to any  inquiries may be delayed . her contact info : kristin . gandy @ enron . com 713  345 3214  regarding the satellite program , vince is interested in the ecommerce  program . we think that it would be easier to keep the program full as  compared to the comp . fin . program .  it was a pleasure to be back in pittsburgh and i enjoyed meeting all the  students from this year ' s comp . fin . class . i look forward to seeing you in  a few weeks .  - kevin kindall  jean eisel on 11 / 06 / 2000 03 : 34 : 05 pm  to : kevin . kindall @ enron . com  cc : sgould @ andrew . cmu . edu  subject : re : recruiting  hi kevin  wow you sure do pack one e - mail .  i will try to answer questions . . . after each of you . . . look in the email  for answers .  - - on monday , november 06 , 2000 , 2 : 39 pm - 0600 kevin . kindall @ enron . com wrote :  > hello . it was a pleasure to come back to cmu , and i enjoyed  > interacting with the students . vince k . has expressed interest in  > interviewing the computational finance students . enron will conduct first  > round interviews with the mba students in december , and would like to set  > up seperate interviews for the comp . fin . students . enron would like to  > interview all the pittsburgh based comp . fin students , and we need to  > select a date and a time .  we are excited that you want to interview the comp finance students .  do you want to do it in dec . or before ? let me know what best suits you .  since there are only 16 individuals in the pittsburgh area . . . we should be  able to accomodate you . . . would you want one or two schedules . . ?  what is the formal protocol in such matters ?  >  all you need to do is let me know some ideal dates . . . and you send a job  description and names of the students you want to interview .  we will try to be as accomodating as possible .  > enron is also interested in the ecommerce students as we have  > ecommerce initiatives underway . it is my understanding that kristen  > gandy will be the contact for such activities .  if you can send me an e - mail address for kristen , i can get this strating  asap .  >  > regarding a houston based satellite program , vince needs a proposal  > in writing . would you be so kind as to send one ?  what program is vince interested in having a satellite program ? when he was  here he seemed less intererted in comp finance and more interested in  e - commerce .  i sent a note to michael shamos and tridas discussing this .  let me know which program and i will see if we can work anything out ?  > thanks so much , and i look forward to seeing you again in a few  > weeks .  >  thanks kevin for you speedy response .  >  >  >  >  jean e . eisel , ph . d .  associate dean , admissions , coc and alumni relations  gsia  carnegie mellon university  pittsburgh , pa 15213  412 - 268 - 2277  412 - 268 - 4146 ( fax )  currently in the news : carnegie mellon university mba program ranked 14 th  in business week ' s list of the best graduate schools of business in the  united states . ",0,forwarded email forwarded kevin kindall corp enron pm kevin kindall pm jean eisel cc subject recruiting good afternoon packing emails style currently understanding would like interview comp fin students period interview mba tentatively speaking one schedule sufficient attempt produce official job description shortly kristen town remainder week response inquiries may delayed contact info kristin gandy enron com regarding satellite program vince interested ecommerce program think would easier keep program full compared comp fin program pleasure back pittsburgh enjoyed meeting students year comp fin class look forward seeing weeks kevin kindall jean eisel pm kevin kindall enron com cc sgould andrew cmu edu subject recruiting hi kevin wow sure pack one e mail try answer questions look email answers monday november pm kevin kindall enron com wrote hello pleasure come back cmu enjoyed interacting students vince k expressed interest interviewing computational finance students enron conduct first round interviews mba students december would like set seperate interviews comp fin students enron would like interview pittsburgh based comp fin students need select date time excited want interview comp finance students want dec let know best suits since individuals pittsburgh area able accomodate would want one two schedules formal protocol matters need let know ideal dates send job description names students want interview try accomodating possible enron also interested ecommerce students ecommerce initiatives underway understanding kristen gandy contact activities send e mail address kristen get strating asap regarding houston based satellite program vince needs proposal writing would kind send one program vince interested satellite program seemed less intererted comp finance interested e commerce sent note michael shamos tridas discussing let know program see work anything thanks much look forward seeing weeks thanks kevin speedy response jean e eisel ph associate dean admissions coc alumni relations gsia carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa fax currently news carnegie mellon university mba program ranked th business week list best graduate schools business united states
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq toois  wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a click  away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front end logo visuai identity loqodentity offers creative custom design loqos stationery web sites careful hand powerfui marketinq toois wili brinq breath fresh air business make stand among competitors click away future success click see sampies artwork check prices hot offers
"Subject: derivative classes  i discovered that clewlow and strickland have at least two books ,  "" implementing derivative models , "" and "" exotic options . "" i gather that "" exotic  options "" is the one you intend to use in your class , correct ?  by the way , i queried participants in my class , and i heard that the case  study approach we occaisionally used was appreciated by several . the var  class i taught was from jorian ' s book , which has no exercises and which  assumes a particular background in finance and statistics . i created a  problem ( not exactly a case study ) that required participant to learn some  statistics and try some different approaches . from this , participants got a  better idea of why one bothers with certain issues . some liked the "" real  world "" flavor of this kind of approach . ( without the case approach , you could  provide good counterexampes as a partial remedy . )  best regards and season ' s greetings ,  michael",0,derivative classes discovered clewlow strickland least two books implementing derivative models exotic options gather exotic options one intend use class correct way queried participants class heard case study approach occaisionally used appreciated several var class taught jorian book exercises assumes particular background finance statistics created problem exactly case study required participant learn statistics try different approaches participants got better idea one bothers certain issues liked real world flavor kind approach without case approach could provide good counterexampes partial remedy best regards season greetings michael
"Subject: re : summer intern  hi steve ,  thanks for the fyi ; i ' d be happy to interview him if you need a second  opinion at the telephone interview you ' re arranging next week .  regards ,  anjam  steven leppard  29 / 03 / 2000 17 : 19  to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : here it goes !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000  05 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 29 / 2000 03 : 45 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : here it goes !  steve ,  taking summer interns is the best way to screen and identify good candidates  at low cost and low risk . i would take this person in ,  assuming you can still run it by the analyst / associate program . they closed  the books  for the summer .  let me know if you run into any roadblock . i shall try help you from here .  vince  steven leppard  03 / 29 / 2000 08 : 31 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : here it goes !  vince  do you have any views on taking summer interns here in the research group in  london ? one of our analysts has recommended a friend of hers ( resume  attached ) . i ' m sure we could dream up some work for an intern , so let me  know what you think .  many thanks ,  steve  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000  03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zuzana strmenova  02 / 23 / 2000 10 : 51 am  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : here it goes !  thanks , a lot steve .",0,summer intern hi steve thanks fyi happy interview need second opinion telephone interview arranging next week regards anjam steven leppard anjam ahmad lon ect ect cc subject goes forwarded steven leppard lon ect pm vince j kaminski pm steven leppard lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject goes steve taking summer interns best way screen identify good candidates low cost low risk would take person assuming still run analyst associate program closed books summer let know run roadblock shall try help vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject goes vince views taking summer interns research group london one analysts recommended friend resume attached sure could dream work intern let know think many thanks steve forwarded steven leppard lon ect pm zuzana strmenova steven leppard lon ect ect cc subject goes thanks lot steve
"Subject: interview with the enron corp . research group  several of the enron corp . research team would like for you to come  in for an interview . they are :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  maureen raymond - castaneda director  please give me some dates and times of your availability during the rest  of january and i will try to coordinate them with our schedule .  looking forward to hearing from you soon .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  adminsitrative coordinator  enron research group  713 / 852 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,interview enron corp research group several enron corp research team would like come interview vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president maureen raymond castaneda director please give dates times availability rest january try coordinate schedule looking forward hearing soon regards shirley crenshaw adminsitrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: telephone interview with the enron research group  good morning richard :  your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski and the research group  and they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your  convenience .  please give me some dates and times that you would be available and  i will coordinate the schedule . also , the telephone number you wish to be  contacted at .  the telephone interview will be last approximately an hour and the  interviewers would be :  vince kaminski managing director , research  stinson gibner vice president , research  vasant shanbhogue vice president , research  thanks richard and we look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,telephone interview enron research group good morning richard resume forwarded vince kaminski research group would like conduct telephone interview convenience please give dates times would available coordinate schedule also telephone number wish contacted telephone interview last approximately hour interviewers would vince kaminski managing director research stinson gibner vice president research vasant shanbhogue vice president research thanks richard look forward hearing regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: re : eprm article  chris ,  this is very well written and will serve the reader well . a few comments .  1 . when i think about the taxonomy of the var models , i typically use the  classification based on 3 categories :  a . variance / covariance method  b . historical simulation  c . monte carlo simulation .  delta approach is the way of representing a position in a nonlinear  instrument .  2 . i would define monte carlo as an approach based on statistical simulation  of behavior of  all the market prices / rates , etc . , and revaluation of the entire portfolio .  the revaluation may be based on an approximation ( using taylor ' s expansion )  that may  involve delta , delta / gamma , delta / gamma / omega or may be exact ( based on the  same  model that produces the mark - to - market portfolio valuations ) .  the main benefit of using the mc simulation in the energy markets is the  ability to capture  the gapping behavior of the energy markets in a straightforward way . i would  emphasize that  there are attempts to incorporate jumps in the v / c model ( i shall send you  the references  from home ) .  3 . i would mention that historical simulation may break down in the markets  that are evolving  quickly ( new instruments for which we have no comparable prices ,  behavior of prices may change as markets mature or de - mature ) .  4 . for bigger portfolios , virtually all methods require some level of  aggregation into  atomic , elemental instruments to reduce the dimensionality of the problem .  this process may be a source of a big error .  5 . the computational burden of mc can be reduced through clever preprocessing  of a portfolio that introduces no error . many swaps with the same underlying  can be aggregated into one positions ( they are portfolios of forwards and  they are linear  instruments ) .  please , feel free to use any comment ( or none ) .  vince  "" chris strickland "" on 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 58 : 56 pm  please respond to "" chris strickland ""  to :  cc :  subject : eprm article  dear vince ,  ?  d you think you might be able to look at this in the next day or so ? robin  is after something by the end of this week .  ?  best regards .  ?  chris .  ?  - eprm _ 01 _ var . doc",0,eprm article chris well written serve reader well comments think taxonomy var models typically use classification based categories variance covariance method b historical simulation c monte carlo simulation delta approach way representing position nonlinear instrument would define monte carlo approach based statistical simulation behavior market prices rates etc revaluation entire portfolio revaluation may based approximation using taylor expansion may involve delta delta gamma delta gamma omega may exact based model produces mark market portfolio valuations main benefit using mc simulation energy markets ability capture gapping behavior energy markets straightforward way would emphasize attempts incorporate jumps v c model shall send references home would mention historical simulation may break markets evolving quickly new instruments comparable prices behavior prices may change markets mature de mature bigger portfolios virtually methods require level aggregation atomic elemental instruments reduce dimensionality problem process may source big error computational burden mc reduced clever preprocessing portfolio introduces error many swaps underlying aggregated one positions portfolios forwards linear instruments please feel free use comment none vince chris strickland pm please respond chris strickland cc subject eprm article dear vince think might able look next day robin something end week best regards chris eprm var doc
"Subject: iris m . mack  ms . mack has called you several times today trying to return your call . she  is currently in new york until december 2 , 2000 . ms . mack is interested in  talking with you regarding a position here . she is currently on vacation in  new york and she will be difficult to reach . i suggested that she try to  reach you by phone at 8 : 00 am our time tomorrow . also , she will be checking  her emails and voice mails regularly if you can give her a time and a phone  number where she might reach you whiole she is on vacation .  if she is unable to reach you before the holiday , she left some phone  numbers where she may be reached beginning tuesday , november 28 , 2000 in new  york .  tuesday , november 28 - thursday , november 30  washington square hotel  212 - 777 - 9515  friday , december 1 - saturday , december 2  marriott hotel  212 - 385 - 4900  also , her email is irismmack @ hotmail . com . she said you need both m ' s .",0,iris mack ms mack called several times today trying return call currently new york december ms mack interested talking regarding position currently vacation new york difficult reach suggested try reach phone time tomorrow also checking emails voice mails regularly give time phone number might reach whiole vacation unable reach holiday left phone numbers may reached beginning tuesday november new york tuesday november thursday november washington square hotel friday december saturday december marriott hotel also email irismmack hotmail com said need
"Subject: wish i ' dd tried sooner  how to save on your supper medlcations over 70 % .  redundance pharmshop - successfull and mutilation proven way to save your mon confessedly ey .  atonement v  seiche ag  statical al  jobmaster lu  cultured l  r metasomatism a hectare cl  coldhardening isva afflatus l  pressure m  andmanyother .  best p underbuy rlces .  worldwide shlpplng woodengraver .  easy infestation order form .  total con arcuate fidentiaiity .  2 versification 50 , 000 satisfied customers .  order flounder today and save !",1,wish dd tried sooner save supper medlcations redundance pharmshop successfull mutilation proven way save mon confessedly ey atonement v seiche ag statical al jobmaster lu cultured l r metasomatism hectare cl coldhardening isva afflatus l pressure andmanyother best p underbuy rlces worldwide shlpplng woodengraver easy infestation order form total con arcuate fidentiaiity versification satisfied customers order flounder today save
"Subject: clear benefits of creative design  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that havinq ordered a ioqo your  company will automaticaliy become a worid ieader : it isguite clear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,clear benefits creative design lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwheiming good catchy logo styllsh statlonery outstandlng webslte wili make task much easier promise havinq ordered ioqo company automaticaliy become worid ieader isguite clear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: re : ashley baxter - review  neil ,  i shall do the review with pleasure .  vince  neil davies @ enron  11 / 07 / 2000 01 : 37 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ashley baxter - review  vince  sorry i missed you off the list  neil  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by neil davies / corp / enron on 11 / 07 / 2000  01 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  neil davies  11 / 07 / 2000 01 : 36 pm  to : lara marie berry / corp / enron @ enron , marty chrisman / corp / enron @ enron ,  shelly jones / hou / ect @ ect , simone lewis / na / enron @ enron , beth  perlman / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ashley baxter - review  you have all been selected from reviewers for ashley . our hr pre ranking will  take place on 14 november therefore i ' d be grateful if you could complete her  review by the close of business on 13 november  thanks for your help with this .  neil",0,ashley baxter review neil shall review pleasure vince neil davies enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject ashley baxter review vince sorry missed list neil forwarded neil davies corp enron pm neil davies pm lara marie berry corp enron enron marty chrisman corp enron enron shelly jones hou ect ect simone lewis na enron enron beth perlman hou ect ect cc subject ashley baxter review selected reviewers ashley hr pre ranking take place november therefore grateful could complete review close business november thanks help neil
"Subject: news article on enron  india : enron aftermath  business line - 02 / 21 / 2000  abhay mehta  copyright ( c ) 2000 kasturi source : world reporter ( tm ) -  asia intelligence wire  power play  a study of the enron project  * publishers : orient longman , new delhi * price : rs . 195  the enron power project at dabhol in ratnagiri district of maharashtra has  been mired in nationwide controversy ever since the  inception of the project proposal in 1992 ; and the sordid tale ends only  in 1997 , with the supreme court of india refusing to even  admit an appeal against the bombay high court decision , of december 1996 ,  which while commenting that "" this case has  highlighted to the people as to how even after 50 years of independence ,  political considerations outweigh the public interest and  the interest of the state and to what extent the government can go to  justify its actions not only before the public but even before  the courts of law "" - yet dismissed a public interest petition against the  project on the ( purely technical ) ground of res judicata , even  though new facts , new arguments , new evidence of the violation of the laws  of the land had been advanced by the petitioners .  the fact that the fresh violations of the law were not even considered and  recorded , despite the petitioners adducing the required  evidence , can only be termed as strange , perhaps bizarre .  abhay mehta ' s simple , factual documentation - in fact a chronological  narration - of all events , including the process of bending all  rules , of subverting the law for promoting a project involving  unparalleled future liabilities for maharashtra , indeed for the whole of  india - is not only masterly , it is devastating .  it is a short , pithy book which deserves to be read from cover to cover by  all thinking citizens of this country . barring the  concluding chapter , the epilogue , there are no personal comments , only  facts , disseminated from the original papers , mostly ' secret '  documents .  all documentation has been carefully , faithfully recorded , including  extracts from supposedly ' top secret ' minutes of cabinet  committee meetings ; and the specific violations of the law ( which were  opposed by a few public spirited civil servants , much to  their disadvantage ) have been pointed up . apart from an introductory  ' primer on electricity ' - introduced for the benefit of the  layman , explaining some technical issues relating to electricity  generation , transmission and distribution - and the background of the  events of 1991 , the foreign exchange crisis , and the aftermath of the  crisis , the other fifteen chapters , three appendices and fourteen  annexes of the small book ( of 226 pages ) packs in an enormous volume of  factual information . the strange saga of the enron  project , and the sheer magnitude of the future problems this one single  project poses for the country , need to be briefly recounted  here , for essentially , it is the coming generation which would have to  face the problem .  the mseb has contracted to buy - and if not used , to pay for - 2000 mw of  electricity ( for a period of 20 years ) from the  dabhol power company ( the legal entity set up by enron , as an unlimited  liability company registered in india , through a maze of  intricate crossholdings of equity by half a dozen or more ' front '  companies registered in various tax - free havens .  abhay mehta has indicated the total payments to enron over 20 years amount  to $ 35 billion ( at 1998 exchange rates , around rs .  1 , 25 , 000 crores ) over the life of the project . one must record that : ( a )  crude oil / oil product prices have as of writing , more than  doubled since the above calculations were made . a per the ' doctored '  figures presented by the company ( and its advocate ) , the  charge per unit of electricity supplied , at the 1998 level of prices , was  to 4 . 39 cent ( per unit ) as ' capacity charge ' and 3 . 43 cents  ( per unit ) for ' energy costs ' .  the former is indexed to the us inflation rate , and the latter to  international fuel prices . the former may be assumed to have gone  up only marginally ( rounded to 4 . 4 cents per unit ) ; we know that fuel  prices have more than doubled internationally over 1999 .  assuming the ' fuel costs ' to have increased less than 100 per cent - even  though international prices have more than doubled - we  may assume ( for 1999 ) energy costs of 6 . 85 cents per units , making for a  total payment of 11 . 25 us cents per unit of electricity  supplied by the dabhol power company ( dpc ) to mseb in late 1999 , in phase  i of the project .  within another two years , at 2000 mw , the annual offtake ( for 365 days x  24 hours / day ) would be 17 . 52 billion kwh ; and at  11 . 25 cents per unit , the total payment amounts to $ 1 . 97 billion annually ;  for 20 years , this workout to $ 39 . 4 billion .  this is not counting any further inflation in either energy costs or  capacity charge . at today ' s exchange rate - about rs . 43 . 5 per us  dollar - in rupee terms this works out to wore than rs . 175 , 000 crores ( as  compared to rs . 125 , 000 crores indicated by abhay  mehta ) . this is the cost to mseb in rupee ; and to the country in foreign  exchange as payment to just one project authority , for  supply of part of the power required in maharashtra .  the really significant point to note in this connection is that this  payment - and considerably more , depending on ( a ) future increase  in ' capacity charges ' depending on us inflation rate , and international  prices of lngaphtha ( for ' fuel costs ' ) , and ( b ) depreciation of  the exchange rate of the rupee vis - a - vis the us dollar - is obligatory ;  the assets of the mseb , the maharashtra government  indeed , all assets of the government of india ( present and future ) are  mortgaged to enron , by way of sovereign guarantees  extended by both governments .  the other significant point in this connection is that - as predicted by  all independent indian experts as well as the world bank - the  enron project he forced the mseb to cut its offtake of tata electric  company ' s and its own much cheaper thermal power  already ; in a postscript dated august 1999 , abhay mehta has indicated that  already , the mseb had stopped buying between 200  and 250 mw of power from tata electric ( available at rs . 1 . 80 per unit )  and has had to backdown its own chandrapur thermal  power station ( cost of this power being rs . 1 . 20 per unit ) , while forced  to buy more expensive enron power at rs . 5 per unit .  the loss to mseb on this count alone comes to rs . 460 crore per year .  this had in fact , been predicted earlier even by the world bank .  it is pointless here to go into the details of how precisely all this was  contrived , by a deliberate campaign of ' disinformation ' , of  blatant lies , of sidelining of expert opinion , not only of independent  experts but also the goi ' s own official advisers in this matter ,  namely , the central electricity authority as well as that of the world  bank , which was resolutely opposed to this project . the  detailed facts , the letters exchanged in the above context , the pressure  tactics adopted , the flouting of all procedures norms , even  statutory provisions of the electricity ( supply ) act , are all carefully  documented by abhay mehta .  mehta correctly concludes : "" we frequently blame external agencies - like  the world bank - for all our problems , when , as a  matter of fact , we ourselves are our own worst enemies . in the instant  case , the world bank not only advised the government of  india against the project , it stood resolutely firm in its assessment of  the total inadvisability of this project . in fact , one must note  here that in 1996 , neighbouring pakistan , which had entered into a  somewhat similar mou with enron , cancelled the project ( and  the power purchase agreement with enron ) , for a $ 670 million , 782 mw  residual oil - fuelled power plant , even though that  agreement had stipulated enron power supply at a fixed rate of 6 . 4 us  cents per kwh over a 30 year period . ( note the  estimated rate of 11 . 25 cents per kwh for dabhol power for the mseb in  december 1999 , which works out to around rs . 5  per unit ) .  one could go on ; but one must leave the reader to go through abhay mehta ' s  crisp , factual , matter of fact narration of the enron  saga , and switch over to the point made by him in the epilogue to the  story , about ' the next round of scams ' .  for quite some time , the ruling elite in india has been intent on  ' privatising ' all public enterprises ; and even ' utilities ' are no  exception . the ' unbundling ' of infrastructure with a view to privatisation  of all the ' profitable ' segments . all this - as per the current  ' disinformation campaign ' - is supposedly in the interest of  rationalisation and greater efficiency of poorer supply .  the author has referred in this context to the acquisition from the  government - by the torrent group - of the ahmedabad and  surat electricity companies at less than one - tenth of the market value of  the assets of thee facilities . again , much like the enron  saga , all objections by the finance department of the gujarat government  were overruled .  and , abhay mehta has predicated that this onslaught - the break - up of  power utilities into three segments , generation , transmission  and distribution , - with a view to their privatisation is likely to be the  new thrust by the ruling elite , for reasons that do not require to  be spelt out .  though mehta had the examples of the torrent group takeover of ahmedabad  and surat electricity companies , and of the break  up of the orissa state electricity board before him , yet his statement can  be stated today to be prophetic ; the upseb is now on  the firing line . the recent strike by the workers and engineers of the  upseb in protest of the announced up government decision  to trifurcate the upseb ; and the union minister of power , mr . rangarajan  kumaramangalam ' s statement that the upseb is a  loss making , inefficient unit and that privatisation of the facilities  after the trifurcation - need to be noted .  that 40 per cent of the dues of the upseb are from the up government ; that  tariffs for up electricity supply are fixed by the up  government and not by the upseb ; that the upseb does not have the cash  even for routine maintenance as a result of the above  - these are facts that nobody is prepared even to consider . that the  remedy for upseb lies in a different kind of reform and  restructuring , is not even to be debated . the whole idea is to privatise  the profitable segments , and to leave the public sector entity  with all the problem areas , including rural energy supply . it is against  this background that abhay mehta ' s book needs to be widely  disseminated , read , and its implications understood .  what is at stake is not a ' utility ' here or a psu there . what is at stake  is the future of some 80 per cent of the have - nots in this  country .  what is at stake is the ' pillory ' of the assets of the nation for private  aggrandisement .  arun ghosh",0,news article enron india enron aftermath business line abhay mehta copyright c kasturi source world reporter tm asia intelligence wire power play study enron project publishers orient longman new delhi price rs enron power project dabhol ratnagiri district maharashtra mired nationwide controversy ever since inception project proposal sordid tale ends supreme court india refusing even admit appeal bombay high court decision december commenting case highlighted people even years independence political considerations outweigh public interest interest state extent government go justify actions public even courts law yet dismissed public interest petition project purely technical ground res judicata even though new facts new arguments new evidence violation laws land advanced petitioners fact fresh violations law even considered recorded despite petitioners adducing required evidence termed strange perhaps bizarre abhay mehta simple factual documentation fact chronological narration events including process bending rules subverting law promoting project involving unparalleled future liabilities maharashtra indeed whole india masterly devastating short pithy book deserves read cover cover thinking citizens country barring concluding chapter epilogue personal comments facts disseminated original papers mostly secret documents documentation carefully faithfully recorded including extracts supposedly top secret minutes cabinet committee meetings specific violations law opposed public spirited civil servants much disadvantage pointed apart introductory primer electricity introduced benefit layman explaining technical issues relating electricity generation transmission distribution background events foreign exchange crisis aftermath crisis fifteen chapters three appendices fourteen annexes small book pages packs enormous volume factual information strange saga enron project sheer magnitude future problems one single project poses country need briefly recounted essentially coming generation would face problem mseb contracted buy used pay mw electricity period years dabhol power company legal entity set enron unlimited liability company registered india maze intricate crossholdings equity half dozen front companies registered various tax free havens abhay mehta indicated total payments enron years amount billion exchange rates around rs crores life project one must record crude oil oil product prices writing doubled since calculations made per doctored figures presented company advocate charge per unit electricity supplied level prices cent per unit capacity charge cents per unit energy costs former indexed us inflation rate latter international fuel prices former may assumed gone marginally rounded cents per unit know fuel prices doubled internationally assuming fuel costs increased less per cent even though international prices doubled may assume energy costs cents per units making total payment us cents per unit electricity supplied dabhol power company dpc mseb late phase project within another two years mw annual offtake days x hours day would billion kwh cents per unit total payment amounts billion annually years workout billion counting inflation either energy costs capacity charge today exchange rate rs per us dollar rupee terms works wore rs crores compared rs crores indicated abhay mehta cost mseb rupee country foreign exchange payment one project authority supply part power required maharashtra really significant point note connection payment considerably depending future increase capacity charges depending us inflation rate international prices lngaphtha fuel costs b depreciation exchange rate rupee vis vis us dollar obligatory assets mseb maharashtra government indeed assets government india present future mortgaged enron way sovereign guarantees extended governments significant point connection predicted independent indian experts well world bank enron project forced mseb cut offtake tata electric company much cheaper thermal power already postscript dated august abhay mehta indicated already mseb stopped buying mw power tata electric available rs per unit backdown chandrapur thermal power station cost power rs per unit forced buy expensive enron power rs per unit loss mseb count alone comes rs crore per year fact predicted earlier even world bank pointless go details precisely contrived deliberate campaign disinformation blatant lies sidelining expert opinion independent experts also goi official advisers matter namely central electricity authority well world bank resolutely opposed project detailed facts letters exchanged context pressure tactics adopted flouting procedures norms even statutory provisions electricity supply act carefully documented abhay mehta mehta correctly concludes frequently blame external agencies like world bank problems matter fact worst enemies instant case world bank advised government india project stood resolutely firm assessment total inadvisability project fact one must note neighbouring pakistan entered somewhat similar mou enron cancelled project power purchase agreement enron million mw residual oil fuelled power plant even though agreement stipulated enron power supply fixed rate us cents per kwh year period note estimated rate cents per kwh dabhol power mseb december works around rs per unit one could go one must leave reader go abhay mehta crisp factual matter fact narration enron saga switch point made epilogue story next round scams quite time ruling elite india intent privatising public enterprises even utilities exception unbundling infrastructure view privatisation profitable segments per current disinformation campaign supposedly interest rationalisation greater efficiency poorer supply author referred context acquisition government torrent group ahmedabad surat electricity companies less one tenth market value assets thee facilities much like enron saga objections finance department gujarat government overruled abhay mehta predicated onslaught break power utilities three segments generation transmission distribution view privatisation likely new thrust ruling elite reasons require spelt though mehta examples torrent group takeover ahmedabad surat electricity companies break orissa state electricity board yet statement stated today prophetic upseb firing line recent strike workers engineers upseb protest announced government decision trifurcate upseb union minister power mr rangarajan kumaramangalam statement upseb loss making inefficient unit privatisation facilities trifurcation need noted per cent dues upseb government tariffs electricity supply fixed government upseb upseb cash even routine maintenance result facts nobody prepared even consider remedy upseb lies different kind reform restructuring even debated whole idea privatise profitable segments leave public sector entity problem areas including rural energy supply background abhay mehta book needs widely disseminated read implications understood stake utility psu stake future per cent nots country stake pillory assets nation private aggrandisement arun ghosh
"Subject: re : the next newsletter  dear vince ,  thank you ! i feel much better now .  sam  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 15 / 2000 07 : 31 am  to : william smith / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : the next newsletter  sam ,  good thinking . i shall also write an article over the weekend so we shall  have one in reserve .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : william smith @ enron 11 / 15 / 2000 07 : 17 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron  subject : the next newsletter  good morning , vince !  as i will be on vacation ( tomorrow until monday the 27 th ) , i ' m enlisting  elena chilkina ' s help in producing this monday ' s ( 20 nov . ) newsletter .  here ' s how i hope it will work :  i ' ve asked alex huang to try to get his article to you by friday for your  review .  i ' m attempting to get with sharad today to get his photo and remind him about  the bio piece for page one . he should be the feature for monday .  i will also schedule a person and an article ( probably from charlie weldon )  for the 27 th . if alex ' s article is a two - parter , we ' ll just do part 2 that  day instead .  for all submissions for this coming monday ' s issue , i would ask that they be  e - mailed to elena chilkina  if you notice something i may have missed , would you please let me know ?  thank you !  sam",0,next newsletter dear vince thank feel much better sam vince j kaminski ect william smith corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject next newsletter sam good thinking shall also write article weekend shall one reserve vince enron north america corp william smith enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc elena chilkina corp enron enron subject next newsletter good morning vince vacation tomorrow monday th enlisting elena chilkina help producing monday nov newsletter hope work asked alex huang try get article friday review attempting get sharad today get photo remind bio piece page one feature monday also schedule person article probably charlie weldon th alex article two parter part day instead submissions coming monday issue would ask e mailed elena chilkina notice something may missed would please let know thank sam
Subject: the installation of the equipment you ordered is completed  - - - automatic notification system ( request # : ebut - 4 kpqew )  requested for : vince j kaminski  requested by : kevin g . moore  the installation of the equipment ( see below ) has been completed .  18 in tft 8020 flatpanel opal,0,installation equipment ordered completed automatic notification system request ebut kpqew requested vince j kaminski requested kevin g moore installation equipment see completed tft flatpanel opal
"Subject: re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack  hi again ,  here is the second document :  2 . the second word document describes a hybrid derivatives structure i i  workded on at bnp paribas . it has applications to the energy industry .  regards ,  iris  _ _ _ _ _ _ _  get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com  - real options business specs , part i . doc",0,f u dr kaminski enron iris mack hi second document second word document describes hybrid derivatives structure workded bnp paribas applications energy industry regards iris get web free msn explorer download http explorer msn com real options business specs part doc
"Subject: job application  dear dr . kaminski ,  i currently hold a post - doctorate position in the mathematics  department at the university of texas at austin ( with a ph . d .  in theoretical physics ) . although my position here is renewable  until summer 2001 , i would like to move on to a more dynamic field  where i can still use my analytical skills and mathematical knowledge .  since attending a series of lectures on mathematical finance given  by dr . marc potters last summer i started studying the subject on my  own and found it intriguing and challenging .  i am interested in a position in your group ( rac ) at enron .  last fall in a career seminar at ut you mentioned that people who are  interested can send you their resume . if this is still relevant , please  find below my resume ( in word 97 and text formats ) .  thank you for your time .  yours ,  nurit krausz  nurit krausz , ph . d . http : / / www . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit /  dept . of mathematics phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170  university of texas at austin office : rlm 11 . 170 hours : mwf 8 : 30 - 10  resume  nurit krausz  university of texas  department of mathematics  austin , tx 78712  phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170  e - mail : nurit @ math . utexas . edu  http : / / rene . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit /  objective  a position in the field of mathematical finance utilizing broad  mathematical knowledge , innovative thinking and creativity .  summary of qualifications  with extensive academic background and research experience ,  combined with experience as an engineer in the israeli air force ,  i possess the following :  * deep mathematical and scientific knowledge .  * strong analytical and problem - solving skills .  * proven ability to quickly become an expert in new subjects .  * ability to present clearly and effectively complicated subjects .  * ability to work productively both independently and in teams .  academic positions  1998 - present : post - doctorate position at the university of texas  at austin , department of mathematics .  education  1994 - 1998 : d . sc . in physics at the technion - israel inst . of tech .  research thesis : quantum dynamics on non - compact group manifolds .  supervisor : prof . m . marinov .  1992 - 1994 : m . sc . in physics at the technion - israel inst . of tech .  research thesis : a study of scintillation in doped silica glass  for detection of neutrino oscillation .  supervisor : prof . j . goldberg .  the experiments were performed at cern during the summer of 1993 .  * performed the design , testing , and installation of the experimental  setup from remote - controlled mechanical equipment to sophisticated  electronics .  * performed statistical data analysis and critical interpretation of  results using software developed at cern ( paw ) .  * solved a complicated problem of track reconstruction through an  unusually shaped magnet for the chorus collaboration at cern , and  delivered a computer code ready for implementation , still in use  today .  1985 - 1989 : b . sc . in aeronautical engineering cum laude at the  technion - israel institute of technology .  military service  1989 - 1992 : aeronautic design engineer in the israeli air force .  rank : first lieutenant .  * designed and supervised numerous prototype installations of  electronic equipment and changes in combat planes .  * wrote procedures for harsh environmental durability tests for cockpit  and avionics bay - mounted equipment .  * negotiated and supervised manufacturing of parts with contractors .  * attended project management , engineering and product reliability  and maintenance courses .  * programmed simulations of ammunition trajectories from moving  aircrafts .  teaching experience :  1998 - present : lecturer at the university of texas  undergraduate courses : precalculus , calculus , linear algebra  graduate course : theory of lie groups  1992 - 1997 physics department , technion , teaching assistant  undergraduate course : elementary lab in mechanics  graduate courses : group theory for physics ,  introduction to particle physics , relativistic quantum mechanics .  computer knowledge :  unix and windows os , most common word processors , excel ,  maple , mathematica , fortran , html , latex .  publications :  1 . j . goldberg and n . krausz , response of cerium - doped silica glass  in a beam at cern , proceedings of the scifi conference , notre dame  university , notre dame , indiana ( 1993 ) .  2 . n . krausz and m . s . marinov , quantal dynamics on non - compact  groups , proceedings of the 5 th international wigner symposium ,  world scientific ( 1998 ) , 398 .  3 . n . krausz and m . s . marinov , exact evolution operator on  non - compact group manifolds , quant - ph / 9709050 ,  submitted to j . of math . phys .  4 . n . krausz , spherical averages in minkowski space , in preparation .  5 . n . krausz , quantum field theory in minkowski space , in preparation .  - resume . doc",0,job application dear dr kaminski currently hold post doctorate position mathematics department university texas austin ph theoretical physics although position renewable summer would like move dynamic field still use analytical skills mathematical knowledge since attending series lectures mathematical finance given dr marc potters last summer started studying subject found intriguing challenging interested position group rac enron last fall career seminar ut mentioned people interested send resume still relevant please find resume word text formats thank time nurit krausz nurit krausz ph http www utexas edu users nurit dept mathematics phone university texas austin office rlm hours mwf resume nurit krausz university texas department mathematics austin tx phone e mail nurit math utexas edu http rene utexas edu users nurit objective position field mathematical finance utilizing broad mathematical knowledge innovative thinking creativity summary qualifications extensive academic background research experience combined experience engineer israeli air force possess following deep mathematical scientific knowledge strong analytical problem solving skills proven ability quickly become expert new subjects ability present clearly effectively complicated subjects ability work productively independently teams academic positions present post doctorate position university texas austin department mathematics education sc physics technion israel inst tech research thesis quantum dynamics non compact group manifolds supervisor prof marinov sc physics technion israel inst tech research thesis study scintillation doped silica glass detection neutrino oscillation supervisor prof j goldberg experiments performed cern summer performed design testing installation experimental setup remote controlled mechanical equipment sophisticated electronics performed statistical data analysis critical interpretation results using software developed cern paw solved complicated problem track reconstruction unusually shaped magnet chorus collaboration cern delivered computer code ready implementation still use today b sc aeronautical engineering cum laude technion israel institute technology military service aeronautic design engineer israeli air force rank first lieutenant designed supervised numerous prototype installations electronic equipment changes combat planes wrote procedures harsh environmental durability tests cockpit avionics bay mounted equipment negotiated supervised manufacturing parts contractors attended project management engineering product reliability maintenance courses programmed simulations ammunition trajectories moving aircrafts teaching experience present lecturer university texas undergraduate courses precalculus calculus linear algebra graduate course theory lie groups physics department technion teaching assistant undergraduate course elementary lab mechanics graduate courses group theory physics introduction particle physics relativistic quantum mechanics computer knowledge unix windows os common word processors excel maple mathematica fortran html latex publications j goldberg n krausz response cerium doped silica glass beam cern proceedings scifi conference notre dame university notre dame indiana n krausz marinov quantal dynamics non compact groups proceedings th international wigner symposium world scientific n krausz marinov exact evolution operator non compact group manifolds quant ph submitted j math phys n krausz spherical averages minkowski space preparation n krausz quantum field theory minkowski space preparation resume doc
"Subject: when will the real estate bubble burst ? - live meeting july 21 st on alternative investments  event date : thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est , 2 : 30 pm  est , and 7 : 30 pm estwith top - ranked alternative  investment manager , michael mansfield  "" the  biggest financial bubble in history ""  in the article "" after the  fall , "" in the june 16 , 2005 issue of economist magazine , real estate was called ,  "" the biggest financial bubble in history . "" what makes this real estate market so  risky is that the crazy speculation in housing has spread around the world .  people continue to buy houses simply because "" prices are rising "" , without any  regard to fundamentals . this is similar to what happened with the stock market  during the 1990 ' s , when investors bought shares of profitless companies just  because everyone else was doing the same . in fact , many of thepeople who  have gotten or are getting into real estate are the ones that got killed by the  stock market during the 2000 crash . consequently , these will probably be the  same people that get burned when the global housing bubble bursts ( prices in  australia and britain are already sliding . america ' s housing market may be a  year or so behind ) .  to register for this complimentary  event , go to http : / / www . forex - day - trading . com / forex - online - registration . htm .  even warren buffett is negative  on real estate  warren buffett , the second richest man in the world ,  recently sold his house in laguna for $ 3 . 5 million . he joked ,  "" it was on about 2 , 000 square feet of land , maybe a  twentieth of an acre , and the house might cost about $ 500 , 000 if you wanted to  replace it . so the land sold for something like $ 60 million an acre . "" [ if you  want to read more about this , you can go to cnn ' s website at http : / / money . cnn . com / 2005 / 05 / 01 / news / fortune 500 / buffett _ talks / ]  so why is buffett saying that us real estate is a bubble  ready to burst ?  and why is buffett betting against the us dollar ? [ note :  buffett made $ 1 . 63 billion in foreign currency ( fx ) gains from the dollar ? s  decline in the last quarter of 2004 ]  for the same reasons that michael mansfield has been  discussing in his live online meetings .  who is michael mansfield ?  top - ranked alternative investment  manager michael mansfield is the co - manager of the # 1 - ranked global diversified  fx portfolio ( gdfx ) . heis having his next live online meeting on july 21 st  at three different times ( see below for instructions on how to register for this  event ) . gdfx was up 31 . 87 % in 2004 and was ranked # 1 by eurekahedge . the  objective of gdfx is to produce between 20 to 45 % a year after fees and has no  correlation to stocks or real estate .  what will be covered ?  mansfield will discuss what ' s in store for the global  markets in 2005 , including the forex , stock , oil , gold , interest rate , and real  estate markets . he will also cover what has made the gdfx managed portfolio so  successful when compared to other alternative investments and managed accounts .  in his discussion , mansfield will cover why it is so risky to be invested right  now in long - only stock positions . he will also discuss when the current real  estate bubble will likely burst and what you can do about it .  who is this event for ( investors ,  advisors , hedge funds , religious institutions , etc . ) ?  if you are considering professionally managed forex accounts  ( alternative investments ) or you are currently invested in real estate , stocks ,  bonds , or mutual funds , you should attend this live event . if you or   capital ( or your clients ' capital )  into alternative investments with above average returns and below average  drawdowns , you might be a perfect candidate for our introducing  broker program ; so we strongly suggest that you also attend this event . ( due  to the demand that we have experienced for mansfield ? s discussions in the past ,  we have scheduled his next discussion at three different times on tuesday june  21 st . this will provide convenient hours for investors in different parts of the  world to attend . please use the link below to register for any of the times  provided :  registration for this  event  thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est ( miami , fl , usa )  ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 02 : 30 pm est  ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st  at 07 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local  time )  some of mansfield ? s notable  accomplishments  - # 1 ranked manager by eureka hedge for april 04 -  top - ranked manager in futures magazine for march 00 - called a large  additional sell off in the nyse on aug 01 - called the us stock market crash  of 1987 - master market technician with uncanny forecasting ability -  co - manager of the global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx )  space for this event is limited and will be filled on  a first - come - first serve basis .  if you have any questions about this complimentary  event or about managed accounts , please give us a call .  sincerely ,  joe loraforexmanaged account  departmenthttp : / / www . forexdaytrading . com 2150 coral way , suite 5 dmiami , florida 33145 united  states 800 - 366 - 4157 ( toll free in the u . s . and canada ) 786 - 866 - 8733  ( international )  to unsubscribe , please go to the link  below : ",1,real estate bubble burst live meeting july st alternative investments event date thursday july st est pm est pm estwith top ranked alternative investment manager michael mansfield biggest financial bubble history article fall june issue economist magazine real estate called biggest financial bubble history makes real estate market risky crazy speculation housing spread around world people continue buy houses simply prices rising without regard fundamentals similar happened stock market investors bought shares profitless companies everyone else fact many thepeople gotten getting real estate ones got killed stock market crash consequently probably people get burned global housing bubble bursts prices australia britain already sliding america housing market may year behind register complimentary event go http www forex day trading com forex online registration htm even warren buffett negative real estate warren buffett second richest man world recently sold house laguna million joked square feet land maybe twentieth acre house might cost wanted replace land sold something like million acre want read go cnn website http money cnn com news fortune buffett talks buffett saying us real estate bubble ready burst buffett betting us dollar note buffett made billion foreign currency fx gains dollar decline last quarter reasons michael mansfield discussing live online meetings michael mansfield top ranked alternative investment manager michael mansfield co manager ranked global diversified fx portfolio gdfx heis next live online meeting july st three different times see instructions register event gdfx ranked eurekahedge objective gdfx produce year fees correlation stocks real estate covered mansfield discuss store global markets including forex stock oil gold interest rate real estate markets also cover made gdfx managed portfolio successful compared alternative investments managed accounts discussion mansfield cover risky invested right long stock positions also discuss current real estate bubble likely burst event investors advisors hedge funds religious institutions etc considering professionally managed forex accounts alternative investments currently invested real estate stocks bonds mutual funds attend live event capital clients capital alternative investments average returns average drawdowns might perfect candidate introducing broker program strongly suggest also attend event due demand experienced mansfield discussions past scheduled next discussion three different times tuesday june st provide convenient hours investors different parts world attend please use link register times provided registration event thursday july st est miami fl usa please convert local time thursday july st pm est miami fl usa please convert local time thursday july st pm est miami fl usa please convert local time mansfield notable accomplishments ranked manager eureka hedge april top ranked manager futures magazine march called large additional sell nyse aug called us stock market crash master market technician uncanny forecasting ability co manager global diversified fx portfolio gdfx space event limited filled first come first serve basis questions complimentary event managed accounts please give us call sincerely joe loraforexmanaged account departmenthttp www forexdaytrading com coral way suite dmiami florida united states toll free u canada international unsubscribe please go link
"Subject: the latest ( last ? )  . . as columbo would say . . "" . . just one more thing ""  p . 20 last bullet : enron focusing on recruiting and retaining talent  thanks again ! christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001 05 : 24 pm - - - - -  christie patrick  02 / 07 / 2001 05 : 23 pm  to : mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , j _ martin @ baylor . edu  subject : the latest ( last ? )  mark !  please review the attached article and forward your comments / authorization  for its use to john martin at baylor , copying me and vince .  john and vince ,  i have a few simple comments :  1 . please use "" enron corp . "" [ rather than "" enron corporation "" ]  2 . page 3 : as of yesterday , fortune magazine named enron "" most innovative ""  for the sixth year in a row  3 . page 5 : 2 nd paragraph : regarding the "" gas bank "" concept - - i believe when  jeff first introduced it , it fell flat . i think john pick ' s that up ( and  enron ' s subsequent recovery of a version of the concept on p . 6 ) , but it ' s  probably accurate to mention that at first , it didn ' t go over .  4 . page 13 : re : cindy olson ' s comment on a possible 5 x difference between  a "" satisfactory "" and "" superior "" vp - - the difference referred to is probably  the "" bonus "" rather than "" compensation "" ( which , to me , is generally means  base salary ) ; also , it varies for each review period , as comparative  performance might vary ; further , we might want to run that quote by cindy  just to make sure she ' s ok with it ' s publication ( she might have no problem  with it whatsoever , but i know for other articles , she ' s been more reluctant  to provide that kind of statistic ) .  5 . page 17 ( after annual report quote ) : i suggest changing "" enron ' s  wholesale business . . . provides "" to "" . . . businesses . . provide "" ; also , rather  than "" enron wholesale "" we might want to define this by the term enron uses :  "" enron wholesale services ""  6 . page 18 : 2 nd paragraph : the tense switching from past to present is  technically correct if read carefully , but seems awkward when reading it  7 . page 19 : effective february , jeff skilling is "" ceo "" .  . . . that ' s my 2 - cents worth ! ! i think the article is great . . . even  interesting ( ha ! ) . . . even to non - mba ' s like me ! !  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001 04 : 41 pm - - - - -  vince j kaminski  02 / 02 / 2001 08 : 45 am  to : mark s palmer / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  subject : the latest ( last ? )  mark ,  i am sending you the final ( ? ) draft of the paper by john martin  on enron ' s transformation . john martin is a prof from baylor who visited us  a few weeks ago .  can you take a look at the paper and bless it . i haven ' t read this last  version  of the paper yet and i will go through it on weekend .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001  08 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" john d . martin "" on 02 / 01 / 2001 04 : 15 : 36 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : the latest ( last ? )  vince ,  attached is my latest attempt to wrap everything together . our timetable  is very short as we need an "" approved by enron "" version of the paper to don  by next wednesday . don has already made editorial changes for us and may  make some additional "" writing style "" changes but he doesn ' t change the  content .  i ' ll give you a call later today to alert you to the e - mail .  take care ,  john  p . s . i had a nice conversation with steve . sounds like he ' s landed a  pretty good contract with wiley .  - enron _ paper _ 2 _ 1 _ 01 . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,latest last columbo would say one thing p last bullet enron focusing recruiting retaining talent thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm christie patrick pm mark palmer corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect j martin baylor edu subject latest last mark please review attached article forward comments authorization use john martin baylor copying vince john vince simple comments please use enron corp rather enron corporation page yesterday fortune magazine named enron innovative sixth year row page nd paragraph regarding gas bank concept believe jeff first introduced fell flat think john pick enron subsequent recovery version concept p probably accurate mention first go page cindy olson comment possible x difference satisfactory superior vp difference referred probably bonus rather compensation generally means base salary also varies review period comparative performance might vary might want run quote cindy make sure ok publication might problem whatsoever know articles reluctant provide kind statistic page annual report quote suggest changing enron wholesale business provides businesses provide also rather enron wholesale might want define term enron uses enron wholesale services page nd paragraph tense switching past present technically correct read carefully seems awkward reading page effective february jeff skilling ceo cents worth think article great even interesting ha even non mba like thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm vince j kaminski mark palmer na enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect christie patrick hou ect ect subject latest last mark sending final draft paper john martin enron transformation john martin prof baylor visited us weeks ago take look paper bless read last version paper yet go weekend vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect john martin pm vkamins enron com cc subject latest last vince attached latest attempt wrap everything together timetable short need approved enron version paper next wednesday already made editorial changes us may make additional writing style changes change content give call later today alert e mail take care john p nice conversation steve sounds like landed pretty good contract wiley enron paper doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: informal interview with the enron research group  dr . neale :  your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski and the research group  with enron corp .  they would like to conduct an informal interview with you at your convenience .  on one of the following days :  wednesday , sept 27  friday , sept 29  monday , oct 2  tuesday , oct 3  thursday , oct 12  friday , oct 13  please let me know what day and the time frame you are available .  the interviewers would be :  vince kaminski managing director and head of research  stinson gibner vice president . research  grant masson vice president , research  vasant shanbhogue vice president , research  zimin lu director , research  paulo issler manager , research  we look forward to hearing from you .  sincerest regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research department",0,informal interview enron research group dr neale resume forwarded vince kaminski research group enron corp would like conduct informal interview convenience one following days wednesday sept friday sept monday oct tuesday oct thursday oct friday oct please let know day time frame available interviewers would vince kaminski managing director head research stinson gibner vice president research grant masson vice president research vasant shanbhogue vice president research zimin lu director research paulo issler manager research look forward hearing sincerest regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research department
"Subject: re : eol guest account access  i ' ve logged on . thanks for your help .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : danny . lee @ enron . com [ mailto : danny . lee @ enron . com ]  sent : thursday , july 27 , 2000 5 : 07 pm  to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com  subject : eol guest account access  attention : esai  ed krapels  thank you for your interest in enrononline .  the following is a guest password that will allow you temporary view only  access to enrononline . please note , the user id and password are case  sensitive .  guest user id : ena 61296  guest password : welcome !  in order to apply for transaction status with enrononline , your company  needs to complete a password application and registration form for a master  user account . each master user will be able to grant various levels of  access for additional users .  to obtain a password application and registration form , you can visit our  website at www . enrononline . com and select the "" how to register "" link , or  call our helpdesk at 713 / 853 - help ( 4357 ) . alternatively , you may click on  the attached documents , complete the forms , and fax to 713 - 646 - 8511 .  just a reminder , in order to access enrononline , shockwave needs to be  installed . the shockwave installer can be found within "" about enrononline ""  on the home page . after opening "" about enrononline "" , using right scroll  bar , go to the bottom . click on "" download shockwave "" and follow the  directions . after loading shockwave , shut down and reopen browser ( i . e .  microsoft internet explorer / netscape ) .  we hope you will find that enrononline provides an easy and more efficient  way to do business with enron . we look forward to transacting with you  online .  sincerely ,  danny lee  enrononline helpdesk  713 / 853 - help ( 4357 )  ( see attached file : na pa ver 2 web . doc ) ( see attached file :  registration _ form . doc )",0,eol guest account access logged thanks help original message danny lee enron com mailto danny lee enron com sent thursday july pm ekrapels esaibos com subject eol guest account access attention esai ed krapels thank interest enrononline following guest password allow temporary view access enrononline please note user id password case sensitive guest user id ena guest password welcome order apply transaction status enrononline company needs complete password application registration form master user account master user able grant various levels access additional users obtain password application registration form visit website www enrononline com select register link call helpdesk help alternatively may click attached documents complete forms fax reminder order access enrononline shockwave needs installed shockwave installer found within enrononline home page opening enrononline using right scroll bar go bottom click download shockwave follow directions loading shockwave shut reopen browser e microsoft internet explorer netscape hope find enrononline provides easy efficient way business enron look forward transacting online sincerely danny lee enrononline helpdesk help see attached file na pa ver web doc see attached file registration form doc
"Subject: re : summer internship  shirley ,  fyi . it looks like cantekin will be starting on may 22 ( summer intern ) .  can we find him space on 19 ?  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 20 / 2000  02 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" cantekin dincerler "" on 04 / 20 / 2000 11 : 21 : 11 am  please respond to  to : "" ' stinson gibner ' ""  cc :  subject : re : summer internship  stinson ,  i just received a word from associate & analyst program that the official  starting dates are may 22 , and june 2 . they seem to be strict about this .  hopefully i ' ll make it to may 22 .  regards ,  - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  cantekin dincerler  doctoral candidate  the university of texas at austin  graduate school of business  department of finance  office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : stinson gibner [ mailto : stinson . gibner @ enron . com ]  > sent : thursday , april 13 , 2000 5 : 13 pm  > to : cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu  > subject : summer internship  >  >  >  >  > cantekin ,  >  > you should be getting an offer of a summer internship within  > the next few days .  > if you don ' t , please let me know .  >  > i think you will be working with me on a combination of enron  > broadband services  > and enron north america projects and am looking forward to  > having your help .  > some of the projects should be a lot of fun .  >  >  > when are available to start so i can plan ahead for you ?  >  > best regards ,  >  > stinson  >  >",0,summer internship shirley fyi looks like cantekin starting may summer intern find space stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm cantekin dincerler please respond stinson gibner cc subject summer internship stinson received word associate analyst program official starting dates may june seem strict hopefully make may regards oooo oooo cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate university texas austin graduate school business department finance office fax home http uts cc utexas edu cantekin oooo oooo original message stinson gibner mailto stinson gibner enron com sent thursday april pm cantekin mail utexas edu subject summer internship cantekin getting offer summer internship within next days please let know think working combination enron broadband services enron north america projects looking forward help projects lot fun available start plan ahead best regards stinson
"Subject: calculating bid - ask prices  this is about enron movie trading business where we are a market maker for  trading future of a movie ' s gross box office receipt . rich sent to many  people a writing explaining his movie trading idea and asked us to provide  some feedback .  i think the idea ( see below ) might be applicable to other parts of enron . we  can call it "" dynamic bid - ask price process "" .  in fact , we can set that the bidding period is closed when no new bid is  submitted to the system within a specified amount of time . the final  ( clearing ) bid and ask prices are just the last "" tentative "" price shown to  the public before the bidding period ends . ( so the customers can see the  final price before the market close and can revise their bids if they wish . )  i think this method is suitable for illiquid products to be traded via  enrononline . com .  - chonawee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat  04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 40 pm  to : richard dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , cynthia harkness / enron  communications @ enron communications , greg wolfe / hou / ect @ ect , james  ginty / enron communications @ enron communications , jim fallon / enron  communications @ enron communications , kelly kimberly / enron  communications @ enron communications , kevin howard / enron communications @ enron  communications , key kasravi / enron communications @ enron communications ,  kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , kristina  mordaunt / enron communications @ enron communications , martin  lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications , paul racicot / enron  communications @ enron communications , zachary mccarroll / enron  communications @ enron communications , martin lin / contractor / enron  communications @ enron communications  subject : calculating bid - ask prices  i think we should let the price float with the market instead of trying to  forecast it . otherwise , if our forecast is not consistence with the market ,  we may have an imbalance in the bid - ask orders and we may end up taking some  positions . you know , as russ and martin pointed out , we cannot fight with the  studio and exhibitors because they have inside information and can game the  price easily .  one way to ensure the balance of the bid - ask orders is to embed an exchange  system inside our bid - ask prices front end . each week , we have a trading  period . during the period , instead of posting bid - ask prices , we post  "" tentative "" bid - ask prices , then we ask our customers to submit their  acceptable buying or selling price . these "" tentative "" bid - ask prices get  updated and are shown to the public . of course , customers can revise / withdraw  their bids anytime during the trading period . at the end of the period , we  calculate and post the final bid and ask prices . the seller who submits lower  selling price than our final bid price gets paid at the bid price . the buyer  who submits higher buying price than our final ask price pays at the ask  price . next week , we repeat the same process .  this way , we can manage our positions easily and we can also behave like a  broker where we don ' t take any position at all . we make profit from those  bid - ask spread . we don ' t have to worry about forecasting accuracy and  insiders ' trading because we don ' t have to take any position . let the market  be the one who decides the price .  if we maintain our net position as zero , at the end , when all the actual  gross box office numbers are reported in those publications , our customers  with open long / short positions are perfectly matched . using the  mark - to - market charge can reduce credit risk .  thanks ,  - chonawee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat  04 / 20 / 2001 04 : 31 pm  to : richard dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications , key  kasravi / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : some more input  hi rich and key ,  again i think your idea is very good . i think that we , as a market maker , can  reduce our credit risk ( risk of default ) if we do the "" mark - to - market ""  charging . that is , each week when we release a new expected value of the  gross box office receipt , we balance all the opening positions the same way  as in a regular future market . this way , we can give margin calls to the  couterparties who are expected to owe us a lots of money .  in the last paragraph , i think the gross box office can also be determined  from the market itself ( i . e . , if there are lots of buyers , our offer price  should go up . )  we can offer other derivative products such as options as well .  - chonawee",0,calculating bid ask prices enron movie trading business market maker trading future movie gross box office receipt rich sent many people writing explaining movie trading idea asked us provide feedback think idea see might applicable parts enron call dynamic bid ask price process fact set bidding period closed new bid submitted system within specified amount time final clearing bid ask prices last tentative price shown public bidding period ends customers see final price market close revise bids wish think method suitable illiquid products traded via enrononline com chonawee forwarded chonawee supatgiat corp enron pm chonawee supatgiat pm richard dimichele enron communications enron communications cc chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron cynthia harkness enron communications enron communications greg wolfe hou ect ect james ginty enron communications enron communications jim fallon enron communications enron communications kelly kimberly enron communications enron communications kevin howard enron communications enron communications key kasravi enron communications enron communications kristin albrecht enron communications enron communications kristina mordaunt enron communications enron communications martin lin contractor enron communications enron communications paul racicot enron communications enron communications zachary mccarroll enron communications enron communications martin lin contractor enron communications enron communications subject calculating bid ask prices think let price float market instead trying forecast otherwise forecast consistence market may imbalance bid ask orders may end taking positions know russ martin pointed fight studio exhibitors inside information game price easily one way ensure balance bid ask orders embed exchange system inside bid ask prices front end week trading period period instead posting bid ask prices post tentative bid ask prices ask customers submit acceptable buying selling price tentative bid ask prices get updated shown public course customers revise withdraw bids anytime trading period end period calculate post final bid ask prices seller submits lower selling price final bid price gets paid bid price buyer submits higher buying price final ask price pays ask price next week repeat process way manage positions easily also behave like broker take position make profit bid ask spread worry forecasting accuracy insiders trading take position let market one decides price maintain net position zero end actual gross box office numbers reported publications customers open long short positions perfectly matched using mark market charge reduce credit risk thanks chonawee forwarded chonawee supatgiat corp enron pm chonawee supatgiat pm richard dimichele enron communications enron communications key kasravi enron communications enron communications cc martin lin contractor enron communications enron communications subject input hi rich key think idea good think market maker reduce credit risk risk default mark market charging week release new expected value gross box office receipt balance opening positions way regular future market way give margin calls couterparties expected owe us lots money last paragraph think gross box office also determined market e lots buyers offer price go offer derivative products options well chonawee
"Subject: re : vol rollup  john ,  we can approach this problem this way . basically you are asking how  the total variance ( 66 % ) 2 * 143 are distributed among 113 days and the last ? 30 days . assuming volatility for the first period is simgal and that in the ? last 30 ? days is sigma 2 , then ? ? ( 66 % ) 2 * 143 = sigmal 2 * 113 + sigma 22 * 30  futhermore , we can use nov - 00 implied volatility as a proxy to sigmal , then  we can  calculate sigma 2 which is the volatility for dec - 00 contract in the last 30  days .  sigam 2 = sqrt ( ( 66 % ) 2 * 143 - sigmal 2 * 113 ) / 30 .  make sense ?  zimin  john disturnal  07 / 09 / 2000 04 : 10 pm  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : vol rollup  zimin , i am trying to understand what the near winter ng implied vols will  look like as they approach expiration . for example , is it possible to infer  what the implied volatility of the deco 0 ng contract will look like with 30  days to expiry given we know current vol ( 66 % ) and term to maturity ( 143  days ) ?",0,vol rollup john approach problem way basically asking total variance distributed among days last days assuming volatility first period simgal last days sigma sigmal sigma futhermore use nov implied volatility proxy sigmal calculate sigma volatility dec contract last days sigam sqrt sigmal make sense zimin john disturnal pm zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject vol rollup zimin trying understand near winter ng implied vols look like approach expiration example possible infer implied volatility deco ng contract look like days expiry given know current vol term maturity days
Subject: storage book . . .  ravi :  samer and i met this morning with sara ledbetter . she is starting the  groundwork for setting up a storage book and a streaming book for tracking  the e - powered products positions . they are having a meeting on next  tuesday to discuss this . samer will attend . this is a good opportunity to  start compiling the data that we will need for some of john grieblings  questions .  - - stinson  p . s . sara also asked if we knew anyone who would be interested in managing  the storage book . any suggestions ?,0,storage book ravi samer met morning sara ledbetter starting groundwork setting storage book streaming book tracking e powered products positions meeting next tuesday discuss samer attend good opportunity start compiling data need john grieblings questions stinson p sara also asked knew anyone would interested managing storage book suggestions
"Subject: very sspecial offr  hello , welcome to pharmon blaspheme line s numeral hop  - one of the leading oniine pharmaceuti whether cal shops  phantasmagoria v  tercet g  rencontre al  l humect l  l perpetuation a  debtor ra mountain cl  i plenipotentiary sv dissert a  u trecento m  andmanyother .  - save ov vestry er 50 %  - worldwide misconceive shlpplng  - total confidentiaii unmarried ty  - over 5 miiiion customers vitalism in 130 countries  have a n viscid ice day !",1,sspecial offr hello welcome pharmon blaspheme line numeral hop one leading oniine pharmaceuti whether cal shops phantasmagoria v tercet g rencontre al l humect l l perpetuation debtor ra mountain cl plenipotentiary sv dissert u trecento andmanyother save ov vestry er worldwide misconceive shlpplng total confidentiaii unmarried ty miiiion customers vitalism countries n viscid ice day
"Subject: re : a resume - canadian trader  john ,  he is currently a student at carnegie mellon , one - year computational finance  program . i got his resume recruiting in the campus . i would recommend him as  a potential hire ( my group or trading ) .  vince  john j lavorato @ enron  12 / 10 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : a resume - canadian trader  vince where did this resume come from and is he still employed by the  national bank in monteal .",0,resume canadian trader john currently student carnegie mellon one year computational finance program got resume recruiting campus would recommend potential hire group trading vince john j lavorato enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject resume canadian trader vince resume come still employed national bank monteal
"Subject: miscellaneous items  vince :  here are several items that you need to know about .  1 . paul johnson said that monday night would be fine for the dinner with  spyros .  2 . lucy deathridge from risk called and needed your presentation for the  boston conference by this evening in order to have copies made . i told  her  you were in meetings and had been very busy , i did not know whether your  presentation was ready or not . we can have 500 copies made from the  copy center and overnight them to her next week , but you won ' t be here on  the 9 th to do this . do you have any suggestions ?  3 . i have been trying to schedule a meeting that mike roberts called about  regarding e - online . he said to schedule it for friday at 11 : 30 am . i  called  mark palmer and he knew nothing about the meeting , but said he would  be here at 11 : 30 am . however , i have been unable to reach dan diamond .  mike said that you might have his cell phone ?  thanks !  shirley",0,miscellaneous items vince several items need know paul johnson said monday night would fine dinner spyros lucy deathridge risk called needed presentation boston conference evening order copies made told meetings busy know whether presentation ready copies made copy center overnight next week th suggestions trying schedule meeting mike roberts called regarding e online said schedule friday called mark palmer knew nothing meeting said would however unable reach dan diamond mike said might cell phone thanks shirley
"Subject: houston visit with vince kaminski  good afternoon :  vince kaminski is available on wednesday , april 19 th from 8 : 00 - 11 : 00 am  and 1 : 00 - 4 : 00 pm . please let me know what time is more convenient for you .  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  713 - 853 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 31 / 2000  11 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" faiz , soussan "" on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 31 : 18 pm  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : houston visit  dear vince ,  greetings from ny & hope all is well . as you may recall from the rog real  options conference in ny , i ' d indicated the opportunity to visit with you  next time i ' m in houston . i ' ll be there during 4 / 18 - 4 / 21 & wonder if we can  pls meet on wed . 4 / 19 in your offices . would appreciate it if you can pls  let me know whether you ' re available then ( i ' m flexible on the schedule  particulars ) . if not , pls let me know whether 4 / 18 ( afternoon ) , 4 / 20  ( afternoon ) , or 4 / 21 ( morning ) will work for you .  i really look forward to the opportunity & would appreciate to learn more  about how you ' ve instigated the real options thinking in enron and  especially its integration within the organizational & incentive matters .  many thanks ,  soussan faiz  mgr . of global valuation services  texaco inc .  ( 914 ) 253 - 4187",0,houston visit vince kaminski good afternoon vince kaminski available wednesday april th pm please let know time convenient shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect faiz soussan pm vkamins enron com cc subject houston visit dear vince greetings ny hope well may recall rog real options conference ny indicated opportunity visit next time houston wonder pls meet wed offices would appreciate pls let know whether available flexible schedule particulars pls let know whether afternoon afternoon morning work really look forward opportunity would appreciate learn instigated real options thinking enron especially integration within organizational incentive matters many thanks soussan faiz mgr global valuation services texaco inc
Subject: iv rene ledis fifth floor se 5018  interview schedule  17 . 00 - 17 . 30 vince kaminski & anjam ahmad  17 . 30 - 18 . 00 ben parsons  18 . 00 - 18 . 30 stephen leppard,0,iv rene ledis fifth floor se interview schedule vince kaminski anjam ahmad ben parsons stephen leppard
"Subject: re : program attached ; march ny ro conference / participation  confirmation  lenos ,  thank you again for the invitation . i shall be glad  to attend and speak on the topic indicated in the program .  one correction : i am a vp .  thanks  vince  lenos trigeorgis on 01 / 01 / 2000 01 : 17 : 11 pm  to : gordon . sick @ rogroup . com  cc : gordon . sick @ rogroup . com ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  subject : program attached ; march ny ro conference / participation confirmation  the current version of the conference program is attached  please confirm your participation as speaker ( and confirm your presentation  title as listed on the attached conference program ) by next tuesday . the  program is about to be sent to the printers next week  please cc your reply also to gordon . sick @ rogroup . com  lenos  - nymarch 2000 conferencetimes . doc  lenos trigeorgis  professor of finance  university of cyprus  dept of business  75 kallipoleos , po box 20537  cy 1678 nicosia cyprus  tel : + 357 2 892261  fax : 339063",0,program attached march ny ro conference participation confirmation lenos thank invitation shall glad attend speak topic indicated program one correction vp thanks vince lenos trigeorgis pm gordon sick rogroup com cc gordon sick rogroup com bcc vince j kaminski hou ect subject program attached march ny ro conference participation confirmation current version conference program attached please confirm participation speaker confirm presentation title listed attached conference program next tuesday program sent printers next week please cc reply also gordon sick rogroup com lenos nymarch conferencetimes doc lenos trigeorgis professor finance university cyprus dept business kallipoleos po box cy nicosia cyprus tel fax
"Subject: re : follow - up interview on 8 / 21 / 00  dear vince ,  thank you very much for updating me on the status of my job application . ? i  got another good news last week . ? i am happy to inform you i passed the 2000  cfa level i examination . the pass rate for level i examination this year is  52 % . i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  rabi de  ?  ?  ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  rabi ,  thanks for your message .  everybody who interviewed you was greatly impressed with your technical  skills and professional attitude .  we shall extend an offer to you within a day or two .  vince  rabi deon 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 57 : 37 pm  to : vince kaminsky  cc :  subject : follow - up interview on 8 / 21 / 00  dear dr . kaminsky :  thank you very much for arranging the follow - up interview with your  internal clients . i visited mr . ted murphy and his staff at rac and mr .  dennis benevides at ees yesterday . i was impressed with level of risk  technology employed by enron to achieve its business objectives . i want to  reiterate my strong interest in joining your group , which is held in very  high esteem both inside and outside of enron . ? i look forward to h ! earing  from you .  sincerely ,  rabi s . de  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! mail - free email you can access from anywhere !  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! mail - free email you can access from anywhere !",0,follow interview dear vince thank much updating status job application got another good news last week happy inform passed cfa level examination pass rate level examination year look forward hearing sincerely rabi de vince j kaminski enron com wrote rabi thanks message everybody interviewed greatly impressed technical skills professional attitude shall extend offer within day two vince rabi deon pm vince kaminsky cc subject follow interview dear dr kaminsky thank much arranging follow interview internal clients visited mr ted murphy staff rac mr dennis benevides ees yesterday impressed level risk technology employed enron achieve business objectives want reiterate strong interest joining group held high esteem inside outside enron look forward h earing sincerely rabi de yahoo yahoo mail free email access anywhere yahoo yahoo mail free email access anywhere
"Subject: re : dragon curves ( thai baht forecast )  we have prepared the attached two reports to accompany the thai baht forecast  we produced on 13 september 2000 ( the previous curve was dated 15 may 2000 ) .  the first report provides specific economic factors that formed the basis for  our baht forecast decisions in september .  the second report is an analysis of ppp theory and foreign exchange  forecasting with a detailed discussion of its propriety to the economic  outlook and exchange rate forecast for thailand .  regards ,  maureen raymond - castaneda and gwyn koepke",0,dragon curves thai baht forecast prepared attached two reports accompany thai baht forecast produced september previous curve dated may first report provides specific economic factors formed basis baht forecast decisions september second report analysis ppp theory foreign exchange forecasting detailed discussion propriety economic outlook exchange rate forecast thailand regards maureen raymond castaneda gwyn koepke
"Subject: fw : application for open positions within enron  dear mr . kaminski :  just wanted to let you know that i have submitted my slightly revised resume  ( attached ) for the following open positions within enron . i am seeking an  opportunity to have a job interview with the right individuals . i know you  have been trying to help me . this is a good time for a meeting with someone  within these departments .  1 . . credit analyst , spec sr , job # 000010220 , dept : trade credit : tony  vasut  2 . . manager , job # 0000102374 , dept : ena consolidated reporting : tony  vasut  3 . . director , b 8828 , dept : investments / ventures - broadband services  4 . . compliance manager , job # 0000102317 , dept : due diligence / asset  management  i shall , therefore , appreciate your guidance on how i can come in for a job  interview . as you know , i am really interested in working for enron , hence  request for your help .  thank you .  sincerely ,  maruti d . more , cfa  1 . .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : more  to : vince j kaminski  date : monday , february 07 , 2000 10 : 18 pm  subject : re : personal  dear mr . kaminski :  thank you very much for meeting with me again today over lunch . i appreciated  the opportunity to catch up with you .  please find attached my current resume ( both a short and a long version ) . i  have worked as a trader , portfolio risk manager , and a stock analyst . i have  traded derivatives , bonds , and stocks , and managed insurance and pension  investment portfolios to maximize risk - adjusted returns . let me highlight  some of my work experiences .  trading and risk management  a . . structured , negotiated , and traded otc interests rate swaps ,  cross - currency swaps , swaptions , and exchange - traded equity index futures and  options . made powerpoint presentations to garp and the uoh on credit  derivatives .  b . . developed investment hedging program utilizing exchanged - traded bond  futures and interest rate swaps .  c . . traded and managed pension and insurance fixed income portfolios to  maximize total return and funding ratios . bonds traded : treasuries , agencies ,  mbs / cmos , abs , corporate , yankees , and foreign .  d . . traded and managed stock mutual portfolios for total return .  e . . created a computer program to quantify the attribution of total  return for fixed income portfolios relative to market returns .  f . . programmed investment compliance rules to monitor the management of  domestic and global stock , bond and money market mutual funds .  g . . supervised market risks , credit risks , legal risks , and operations  risks of derivatives , bonds , money market securities , and equities .  policy , reporting and projects  a . . developed investment policy guidelines to manage fixed income  portfolios .  b . . rewrote derivatives policy manual .  c . . prepared a 20 - page powerpoint slide presentation on india for the  senior management .  d . . prepared and presented investment reports to cios , investment  committees , and boards of trustees  i shall , therefore , appreciate your help in connecting me with the right  individual within enron for a job interview to work as a financial  trader / risk manager . i can provide excellent references upon request .  thank you for the lunch .  sincerely ,  maruti d . more , cfa  713 - 722 - 7199  more @ insync . net  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : more  date : tuesday , january 25 , 2000 12 : 39 pm  subject : re : fw : luncheon meeting : asap  hello ,  i shall be traveling this week . i shall be glad to meet  you for lunch next week . please give me a call monday  at 713 853 3848 .  vince  "" more "" on 01 / 25 / 2000 10 : 27 : 09 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : fw : luncheon meeting : asap  dear mr . kaminski :  just to bring you up to date . i am no longer with american general . i  shall ,  therefore , appreciate an opportunity to meet with you for lunch at the  earliest  possible time . i can be reached at 713 - 722 - 7199 .  thank you .  maruti more  713 - 722 - 7199  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : more  to : vince j kaminski  date : friday , december 17 , 1999 8 : 55 pm  subject : re : luncheon meeting  thank you for your response . i was very happy to hear from you .  i am also taking next week off and will be back to work on december 27 th .  please do call me when you get back . would very much appreciate the  opportunity  to have a quick lunch with you , if possible . hope everything is going  well .  have wonderful christmas holidays .  regards  maruti more  713 - 831 - 6209 ( o )  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : more  cc : vince j kaminski  date : friday , december 17 , 1999 3 : 35 pm  subject : re : luncheon meeting  hello ,  i shall be taking a few days off around xmas . i shall call you at the  end of  december  when i get back to the office .  with best holiday wishes ,  vince  "" more "" on 12 / 01 / 99 09 : 28 : 09 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : luncheon meeting  dear mr . kaminski :  how are you doing ? i want to find out if we can meet again for a quick  lunch .  you might know that in maharashtra , india there is now a new chief  minister  ( ceo of the state government ) . i am proud to say that he and i are  from the  same  town , latur .  i would really enjoy talking with you again , at your convenience .  i will call you tomorrow to follow up .  thank you .  sincerely ,  maruti more  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : more  cc : vince j kaminski ; vkaminski @ aol . com  date : thursday , july 01 , 1999 6 : 16 am  subject : re : luncheon meeting  dear mr . more ,  let ' s meet at 11 : 45 in the lobby of the enron building .  we can walk to one of the restaurants in the downtown area .  vince kaminski  ( embedded enron capital & trade resources corp .  image moved  to file : from : "" more ""  picl 7002 . pcx ) 06 / 30 / 99 10 : 38 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect  cc :  subject : luncheon meeting  dear mr . kaminski :  i am looking forward to our luncheon meeting on this friday ,  july 2 ,  1999  at  11 : 30 am . please let me know where we should meet . thank you for  taking  time  out  from your busy schedule .  sincerely ,  maruti more  tel . : 713 - 831 - 6209  - attl . htm  - bio @ home . doc  - more @ home . doc  - consultant . doc",0,fw application open positions within enron dear mr kaminski wanted let know submitted slightly revised resume attached following open positions within enron seeking opportunity job interview right individuals know trying help good time meeting someone within departments credit analyst spec sr job dept trade credit tony vasut manager job dept ena consolidated reporting tony vasut director b dept investments ventures broadband services compliance manager job dept due diligence asset management shall therefore appreciate guidance come job interview know really interested working enron hence request help thank sincerely maruti cfa original message vince j kaminski date monday february pm subject personal dear mr kaminski thank much meeting today lunch appreciated opportunity catch please find attached current resume short long version worked trader portfolio risk manager stock analyst traded derivatives bonds stocks managed insurance pension investment portfolios maximize risk adjusted returns let highlight work experiences trading risk management structured negotiated traded otc interests rate swaps cross currency swaps swaptions exchange traded equity index futures options made powerpoint presentations garp uoh credit derivatives b developed investment hedging program utilizing exchanged traded bond futures interest rate swaps c traded managed pension insurance fixed income portfolios maximize total return funding ratios bonds traded treasuries agencies mbs cmos abs corporate yankees foreign traded managed stock mutual portfolios total return e created computer program quantify attribution total return fixed income portfolios relative market returns f programmed investment compliance rules monitor management domestic global stock bond money market mutual funds g supervised market risks credit risks legal risks operations risks derivatives bonds money market securities equities policy reporting projects developed investment policy guidelines manage fixed income portfolios b rewrote derivatives policy manual c prepared page powerpoint slide presentation india senior management prepared presented investment reports cios investment committees boards trustees shall therefore appreciate help connecting right individual within enron job interview work financial trader risk manager provide excellent references upon request thank lunch sincerely maruti cfa insync net original message vince j kaminski date tuesday january pm subject fw luncheon meeting asap hello shall traveling week shall glad meet lunch next week please give call monday vince vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject fw luncheon meeting asap dear mr kaminski bring date longer american general shall therefore appreciate opportunity meet lunch earliest possible time reached thank maruti original message vince j kaminski date friday december pm subject luncheon meeting thank response happy hear also taking next week back work december th please call get back would much appreciate opportunity quick lunch possible hope everything going well wonderful christmas holidays regards maruti original message vince j kaminski cc vince j kaminski date friday december pm subject luncheon meeting hello shall taking days around xmas shall call end december get back office best holiday wishes vince pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject luncheon meeting dear mr kaminski want find meet quick lunch might know maharashtra india new chief minister ceo state government proud say town latur would really enjoy talking convenience call tomorrow follow thank sincerely maruti original message vince j kaminski cc vince j kaminski vkaminski aol com date thursday july subject luncheon meeting dear mr let meet lobby enron building walk one restaurants downtown area vince kaminski embedded enron capital trade resources corp image moved file picl pcx pm vince j kaminski hou ect cc subject luncheon meeting dear mr kaminski looking forward luncheon meeting friday july please let know meet thank taking time busy schedule sincerely maruti tel attl htm bio home doc home doc consultant doc
"Subject: re : thank you  sevil .  we are looking forward to having you here .  if you want , you can stop by one day and i shall introduce you  to grant masson with whom you will be working this summer .  vince  sevil yaman on 02 / 23 / 2000 10 : 09 : 30 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : thank you  hi dr . kaminski ,  yesterday , i learned from shannon rogers at the associate - analyst program  that i was offered a summer associate / internship position in your group . i  am already very excited about this position and look forward to working in  your group . many thanks for your consideration .  sevil yaman  department of economics  university of houston  houston , tx 77204 - 5882  ( 713 ) 743 - 3814 / 3817",0,thank sevil looking forward want stop one day shall introduce grant masson working summer vince sevil yaman vkamins enron com cc subject thank hi dr kaminski yesterday learned shannon rogers associate analyst program offered summer associate internship position group already excited position look forward working group many thanks consideration sevil yaman department economics university houston houston tx
Subject: amaze your partner with the talents in sexual area !  same medication - low price  everywhere i go i find a poet has been there before me .  assumptions are the termites of relationships .  disinterested intellectual curiosity is the life blood of real civilization .  the road to a friend ' s house is never long .,1,amaze partner talents sexual area medication low price everywhere go find poet assumptions termites relationships disinterested intellectual curiosity life blood real civilization road friend house never long
"Subject: re : thesis on electricity price jump - diffusions  bernard ,  my coordinates :  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  yes , we are going into a very interesting summer both here and in the uk .  vince  "" murphy , bernard "" on 03 / 27 / 2001 01 : 23 : 04 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : thesis on electricity price jump - diffusions  hi vince ,  can you e - mail me your mailing address in houston and i will send you a hard  copy of the above today . apologies for delay , but i wanted to ensure that  les clewlow had received his copy in sydney before distributing any other  copies .  incidentally , today ( march 27 th ) is a red letter day in the uk as the neta /  new electricity trading arrangements have gone ' live ' . should be  interesting to observe the development of the paper market in the coming  months - you ' re no doubt aware that ipe have just launched an electricity  futures contract .  regards  bernard  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 01 march 2001 15 : 37  to : murphy , bernard  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  bernard ,  yes , i can read a dvi file . you can also cc  my home address : vkaminski @ aol . com . i shall  try to send you an answer to your question on weekend .  vince  "" murphy , bernard "" on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 18 : 58 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  vince ,  i can send you a scientific word dvi file ( at the weekend ) if you can read  scientific word files ? the dissertation hasn ' t been reviewed by les or  the  external yet - although its been at forc for 2 months . i think that the  empirical chapter is probably the one which would be of most relevance to  both our company ' s businesses - although i ultimately didn ' t have the time  to ' explicitly ' price the jump risk - premium which i conjectured is possibly  implicit in the prices of exchange - traded electricity futures - options -  rather i developed an implicit estimation procedure which will enable a  rough assessment ( with a little bit of further work , but not too much ) be  made of the price of jump risk in wholesale power markets .  in other words , i assumed spot jump - risk to be undiversifiable , and  essentially devoted 2 theoretical chapters to :  1 ) proving that a jump - diffusion trading model is "" incomplete ""  ( synthesising  the securities markets framework with martingale representation theory ) -  note that i did not assume that markets could be dynamically completed with  ' term structure ' securities as in the hjm w / jumps papers of shirakawa and  das and ;  2 ) deriving an explicit risk - adjustment process for ' implementing ' the  price  of jump - risk using a jump - diffusion marginal indirect utility of wealth  process ( ie . a jump - augmented production economy approach in the spirit of  cir , bates , ahn whereas in the latter the driftless forward supposition  means that i have to capture mean - reversion via the futures volatility  function , and jumps are less easy to calibrate . any suggestions ?  regards  bernard  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 01 march 2001 14 : 54  to : murphy , bernard  cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  bernard ,  i am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a  reprint .  i would be glad to take a look at your dissertation . is it available as a  publication , working paper ?  vince  "" murphy , bernard "" on 03 / 01 / 2001 02 : 17 : 39 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  hello vince ,  my name is bernard murphy - i received your e - mail address from les  clewlow ,  who was my phd supervisor at the financia options research centre at  warwick  business school . i ' ve just finished my phd on electricity price jump  diffusions : a theoretical and empirical study in incomplete markets -  hence my interest in electricity price modelling and derivative pricing . i  was looking to get hold of a copy of your 1997 paper , which has recently  come to my attention :  "" the challenge of pricing & risk - managing electricity derivatives "" , the us  power market , risk publications , pp . 149 - 171 .  and les suggested that i contact you directly ( les is travelling at present  and doesn ' t have an electronic copy available ) to request an e - copy .  incidentally , i am lecturer in finance / financial mathematics at  university  of limerick ( ireland ) and have taken a year out to work for caminus uk ,  where i am working on introducing and developing a markets - based approach  ( spark - spread ) to real asset valuations in the uk power industry .  thanks in advancve  bernard murphy",0,thesis electricity price jump diffusions bernard coordinates vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone cell fax e mail vkamins enron com yes going interesting summer uk vince murphy bernard vince j kaminski enron com cc subject thesis electricity price jump diffusions hi vince e mail mailing address houston send hard copy today apologies delay wanted ensure les clewlow received copy sydney distributing copies incidentally today march th red letter day uk neta new electricity trading arrangements gone live interesting observe development paper market coming months doubt aware ipe launched electricity futures contract regards bernard original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent march murphy bernard cc vkaminski aol com vince j kaminski enron com subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives bernard yes read dvi file also cc home address vkaminski aol com shall try send answer question weekend vince murphy bernard vince j kaminski enron com cc subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives vince send scientific word dvi file weekend read scientific word files dissertation reviewed les external yet although forc months think empirical chapter probably one would relevance company businesses although ultimately time explicitly price jump risk premium conjectured possibly implicit prices exchange traded electricity futures options rather developed implicit estimation procedure enable rough assessment little bit work much made price jump risk wholesale power markets words assumed spot jump risk undiversifiable essentially devoted theoretical chapters proving jump diffusion trading model incomplete synthesising securities markets framework martingale representation theory note assume markets could dynamically completed term structure securities hjm w jumps papers shirakawa das deriving explicit risk adjustment process implementing price jump risk using jump diffusion marginal indirect utility wealth process ie jump augmented production economy approach spirit cir bates ahn whereas latter driftless forward supposition means capture mean reversion via futures volatility function jumps less easy calibrate suggestions regards bernard original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent march murphy bernard cc shirley crenshaw enron com vince j kaminski enron com subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives bernard forwarding message assistant mail reprint would glad take look dissertation available publication working paper vince murphy bernard vince j kaminski enron com cc subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives hello vince name bernard murphy received e mail address les clewlow phd supervisor financia options research centre warwick business school finished phd electricity price jump diffusions theoretical empirical study incomplete markets hence interest electricity price modelling derivative pricing looking get hold copy paper recently come attention challenge pricing risk managing electricity derivatives us power market risk publications pp les suggested contact directly les travelling present electronic copy available request e copy incidentally lecturer finance financial mathematics university limerick ireland taken year work caminus uk working introducing developing markets based approach spark spread real asset valuations uk power industry thanks advancve bernard murphy
"Subject: 10 minutes before sex , lasts for 24 - 36 hours  legal , prescription medications under the essential guidance of licensed medical  under every stone lurks a politician .  experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes .  without music , life would be a mistake .",1,minutes sex lasts hours legal prescription medications essential guidance licensed medical every stone lurks politician experience name everyone gives mistakes without music life would mistake
"Subject: re : recruiting  good afternoon . packing emails - - its just my style : )  currently , it is my understanding that we would like to interview the comp .  fin . students during the same period that we interview the mba ' s .  tentatively speaking , one schedule should be sufficient . i will attempt to  produce an official job description shortly .  kristen is out of town for the remainder of the week , so her response to any  inquiries may be delayed . her contact info : kristin . gandy @ enron . com 713  345 3214  regarding the satellite program , vince is interested in the ecommerce  program . we think that it would be easier to keep the program full as  compared to the comp . fin . program .  it was a pleasure to be back in pittsburgh and i enjoyed meeting all the  students from this year ' s comp . fin . class . i look forward to seeing you in  a few weeks .  - kevin kindall  jean eisel on 11 / 06 / 2000 03 : 34 : 05 pm  to : kevin . kindall @ enron . com  cc : sgould @ andrew . cmu . edu  subject : re : recruiting  hi kevin  wow you sure do pack one e - mail .  i will try to answer questions . . . after each of you . . . look in the email  for answers .  - - on monday , november 06 , 2000 , 2 : 39 pm - 0600 kevin . kindall @ enron . com wrote :  > hello . it was a pleasure to come back to cmu , and i enjoyed  > interacting with the students . vince k . has expressed interest in  > interviewing the computational finance students . enron will conduct first  > round interviews with the mba students in december , and would like to set  > up seperate interviews for the comp . fin . students . enron would like to  > interview all the pittsburgh based comp . fin students , and we need to  > select a date and a time .  we are excited that you want to interview the comp finance students .  do you want to do it in dec . or before ? let me know what best suits you .  since there are only 16 individuals in the pittsburgh area . . . we should be  able to accomodate you . . . would you want one or two schedules . . ?  what is the formal protocol in such matters ?  >  all you need to do is let me know some ideal dates . . . and you send a job  description and names of the students you want to interview .  we will try to be as accomodating as possible .  > enron is also interested in the ecommerce students as we have  > ecommerce initiatives underway . it is my understanding that kristen  > gandy will be the contact for such activities .  if you can send me an e - mail address for kristen , i can get this strating  asap .  >  > regarding a houston based satellite program , vince needs a proposal  > in writing . would you be so kind as to send one ?  what program is vince interested in having a satellite program ? when he was  here he seemed less intererted in comp finance and more interested in  e - commerce .  i sent a note to michael shamos and tridas discussing this .  let me know which program and i will see if we can work anything out ?  > thanks so much , and i look forward to seeing you again in a few  > weeks .  >  thanks kevin for you speedy response .  >  >  >  >  jean e . eisel , ph . d .  associate dean , admissions , coc and alumni relations  gsia  carnegie mellon university  pittsburgh , pa 15213  412 - 268 - 2277  412 - 268 - 4146 ( fax )  currently in the news : carnegie mellon university mba program ranked 14 th  in business week ' s list of the best graduate schools of business in the  united states . ",0,recruiting good afternoon packing emails style currently understanding would like interview comp fin students period interview mba tentatively speaking one schedule sufficient attempt produce official job description shortly kristen town remainder week response inquiries may delayed contact info kristin gandy enron com regarding satellite program vince interested ecommerce program think would easier keep program full compared comp fin program pleasure back pittsburgh enjoyed meeting students year comp fin class look forward seeing weeks kevin kindall jean eisel pm kevin kindall enron com cc sgould andrew cmu edu subject recruiting hi kevin wow sure pack one e mail try answer questions look email answers monday november pm kevin kindall enron com wrote hello pleasure come back cmu enjoyed interacting students vince k expressed interest interviewing computational finance students enron conduct first round interviews mba students december would like set seperate interviews comp fin students enron would like interview pittsburgh based comp fin students need select date time excited want interview comp finance students want dec let know best suits since individuals pittsburgh area able accomodate would want one two schedules formal protocol matters need let know ideal dates send job description names students want interview try accomodating possible enron also interested ecommerce students ecommerce initiatives underway understanding kristen gandy contact activities send e mail address kristen get strating asap regarding houston based satellite program vince needs proposal writing would kind send one program vince interested satellite program seemed less intererted comp finance interested e commerce sent note michael shamos tridas discussing let know program see work anything thanks much look forward seeing weeks thanks kevin speedy response jean e eisel ph associate dean admissions coc alumni relations gsia carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa fax currently news carnegie mellon university mba program ranked th business week list best graduate schools business united states
"Subject: re : enron offsite  let ' s do it ! august 18 - 20 is our first choice !  please send me all the information and then we will discuss the particulars .  i will get vince to sign it immediately .  thanks steve !  shirley  "" steve collins "" on 06 / 27 / 2000 02 : 22 : 27 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : enron offsite  hello again !  i promise i am not running ! the deal that we worked out with the general  manager ( tom pratt ) is that enron has a $ 6000 credit with the great divide  lodge that will expire on 8 / 1 / 00 . you can either use that credit for  individual rooms prior to 8 / 1 / 00 , or we have agreed that we can apply that  amount to a meeting prior to the thanksgiving holiday in 2000 if the contract  is signed before 8 / 1 / 00 .  at this point , august 18 - 20 is available , but the 25 - 28 is not . if we can  get this signed prior to 7 / 31 / 00 , your $ 6000 credit would be able to be  applied to this event .  please let me know if this will work for you . thanks !  steve  steve collins  national sales manager  the village at breckenridge / great divide lodge  ( 800 ) 332 - 0424 or ( 970 ) 453 - 3156 direct  scollins @ vailresorts . com  > > > "" shirley crenshaw "" 06 / 27 / 00 01 : 06 pm > > >  hello steve :  please don ' t run ! i know after the last fiasco with an enron offsite you are  probably running for the hills !  i do want to apologize to you and thank you for all of your assistance even  though we were unable to make the trip .  however , i understand there has been an arrangement made with enron ,  that if we book a time and come before thanksgiving we can recoup the money  that we forfeited ? please let me know if i am understanding this correctly .  if so , we have been told that our group can use this for an offsite .  we are looking at the weekends of august 18 , 19 and 20 or august 25 ,  26 and 27 th . there will be approximately 12 people .  please let me know your understanding of the arrangement and the  availability of the dates mentioned .  look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  telephone : 713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,enron offsite let august first choice please send information discuss particulars get vince sign immediately thanks steve shirley steve collins pm cc subject enron offsite hello promise running deal worked general manager tom pratt enron credit great divide lodge expire either use credit individual rooms prior agreed apply amount meeting prior thanksgiving holiday contract signed point august available get signed prior credit would able applied event please let know work thanks steve steve collins national sales manager village breckenridge great divide lodge direct scollins vailresorts com shirley crenshaw pm hello steve please run know last fiasco enron offsite probably running hills want apologize thank assistance even though unable make trip however understand arrangement made enron book time come thanksgiving recoup money forfeited please let know understanding correctly told group use offsite looking weekends august august th approximately people please let know understanding arrangement availability dates mentioned look forward hearing regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research telephone email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: re :  no problem vince , the thur mtg was cancelled .  steve  vince j kaminski  10 / 11 / 2000 14 : 48  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re :  steve ,  i assume it ' s 9 : 00 a . m . my time , monday .  it works for me .  i haven ' t responded in time to the  your message re thursday . i had a few back  to back meetings in the morning and i read your message quite late  into the day .  vince  steven leppard  11 / 10 / 2000 04 : 25 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  vince , tani  fyi .  steve  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 10 / 11 / 2000  10 : 27 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  calendar entry  research meeting w / - michael , john , tani , richard , joe , steve & vince kaminski  brief description :  date :  time :  13 / 11 / 2000  15 : 00 - 15 : 45  detailed description :  invitations  phone / ext include  chairperson : john sherriff / lon / ect 37359 yes  organised by : lauren urquhart / lon / ect no  invitations sent to : tracie mccormack  kirsten nelz  steven leppard  this meeting repeats starting on ( if the date occurs on a weekend the  meeting ) .",0,problem vince thur mtg cancelled steve vince j kaminski steven leppard lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect tani nath lon ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject steve assume time monday works responded time message thursday back back meetings morning read message quite late day vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect tani nath lon ect ect cc subject vince tani fyi steve forwarded steven leppard lon ect calendar entry research meeting w michael john tani richard joe steve vince kaminski brief description date time detailed description invitations phone ext include chairperson john sherriff lon ect yes organised lauren urquhart lon ect invitations sent tracie mccormack kirsten nelz steven leppard meeting repeats starting date occurs weekend meeting
"Subject: re : comments  hi vince ,  sorry to have missed you in paris . many thanks for your comments - they ' ve  now been incorporated and sent to eprm . things are crazy at the moment , but  hopefully will calm down in a couple of weeks and we ' ll have time to catch  up better .  best regards .  chris .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc : ; ;  sent : sunday , october 15 , 2000 11 : 06 am  subject : comments  > julie ,  >  > sorry for the delay . here are he comments .  >  > vince  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > sorry for long delay in responding . i have a few comments . most are  focused  > on the third article as here is till time to make modifications .  >  > 1 . in the second article , i would mention that the formulation of the  mean  > reversion process represents one of several possible equations that  capture  > the same type of market evolution of prices over time .  > 2 . one comment that applies to both articles . the problem is how one  defines  > the time series of energy prices . the numbers used for australian nsw pool  > prices seem to correspond to chronological prices . one alternative  approach  > is to build different time series for the corresponding time intervals for  > each day . this would result in different price behavior and estimates of  > jump . the choice is one of convenience and depends on actual problem under  > investigation . one could argue that volumes of electricity traded during  > different time slots represent different economic commodities .  > figure 3 a ( jump frequency ) has units on the vertical axis that require  > explanation . are we talking about an expected number of jumps in the total  > number of half hourly periods in a year ? the same goes for f in table 2  > ( article number 3 ) .  >  >",0,comments hi vince sorry missed paris many thanks comments incorporated sent eprm things crazy moment hopefully calm couple weeks time catch better best regards chris original message cc sent sunday october subject comments julie sorry delay comments vince sorry long delay responding comments focused third article till time make modifications second article would mention formulation mean reversion process represents one several possible equations capture type market evolution prices time one comment applies articles problem one defines time series energy prices numbers used australian nsw pool prices seem correspond chronological prices one alternative approach build different time series corresponding time intervals day would result different price behavior estimates jump choice one convenience depends actual problem investigation one could argue volumes electricity traded different time slots represent different economic commodities figure jump frequency units vertical axis require explanation talking expected number jumps total number half hourly periods year goes f table article number
"Subject: informal exploratory interview with enron research group  ms . stone :  your resume was forwarded to the enron research group and they would  like to conduct an informal interview with you at your convenience .  please let me know your availability the week of september 11 th . the  individuals that would like to interview you are :  vince kaminski  grant masson  kevin kindall  tanya tamarchenko  they will need approximately 30 minutes each ( 2 - 2 1 / 2 hours )  you may reach me at 713 / 853 - 5290 or by email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group",0,informal exploratory interview enron research group ms stone resume forwarded enron research group would like conduct informal interview convenience please let know availability week september th individuals would like interview vince kaminski grant masson kevin kindall tanya tamarchenko need approximately minutes hours may reach email shirley crenshaw enron com look forward hearing sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group
"Subject: re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack  molly ,  i would like to invite iris for an interview . you can contact her at the  addresses she listed below  or at her e - mail address .  the following persons will participate at the interview :  stinson gibner  zimin lu  tanya tamarchenko  vasant shanbhogue  myself  stinson and i will take her out to lunch .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000  01 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" iris mack "" on 11 / 21 / 2000 04 : 12 : 43 pm  to : irismmack @ hotmail . com , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack  hi again ,  i am visiting several family members and friends over the next few days .  therefore it will be hard to contact me .  however , next week i will be easier to reach . my contact details in nyc are  as follows . i will be staying at the following hotels :  washington square hotel  from november 28 th for 3 nights ( tue , wed and thur )  212 . 777 . 9515  marriott nyc financial  december lst for 1 night ( fri )  212 . 385 . 4900  at any rate , i will still try to reach you on tomorrow morning . if all  fails , we will try to reach each other next week .  happy thanksgiving ,  iris  > from : "" iris mack ""  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > subject : re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack  > date : tue , 21 nov 2000 22 : 07 : 09  >  > hi ,  >  > how are you ? seems like we have had a bit of difficulty contacting each  > other . sorry i missed your call . i am now in nyc - until december 2 nd .  >  > i will try to call you on tomorrow morning about 8 am houston time .  >  > take care ,  > iris  >  >  >  >  > > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > to : irismmack @ hotmail . com  > > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > subject : hello  > > date : tue , 21 nov 2000 15 : 14 : 31 - 0600  > >  > > iris ,  > >  > > we are trying to reach you but we are getting error messages .  > > please , call me 713 853 3848 .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  >  _ _ _ _ _ _ _  get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com",0,f u dr kaminski enron iris mack molly would like invite iris interview contact addresses listed e mail address following persons participate interview stinson gibner zimin lu tanya tamarchenko vasant shanbhogue stinson take lunch vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm iris mack pm irismmack hotmail com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject f u dr kaminski enron iris mack hi visiting several family members friends next days therefore hard contact however next week easier reach contact details nyc follows staying following hotels washington square hotel november th nights tue wed thur marriott nyc financial december lst night fri rate still try reach tomorrow morning fails try reach next week happy thanksgiving iris iris mack vince j kaminski enron com subject f u dr kaminski enron iris mack date tue nov hi seems like bit difficulty contacting sorry missed call nyc december nd try call tomorrow morning houston time take care iris vince j kaminski enron com irismmack hotmail com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject hello date tue nov iris trying reach getting error messages please call vince get web free msn explorer download http explorer msn com
"Subject: pd : praca dyplomowa v edycja mba  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : jerzy seremak  to : vkaminski @ aol . com  sent : tuesday , november 28 , 2000 7 : 49 pm  subject : praca dyplpmowa v edycja mba  dzie  ? dobry panie doktorze !  ?  przesy  am panu ca   ? prac  c dyplomow  ? z finans ? w .  cz  c  ~  + pracy zosta  a panu przes  ana w pa   dzierniku .  wykresy b  cd  ? kolorowe i uj  cte w pracy .  obrona pracy jest zaplanowana w luty br .  je  _ eli jest to mo  _ liwe to prosz  c o recenzj  c  ?  ?  z powa  _ aniem  ?  jerzy seremak  v edycja mba  wy  _ sza szko  a handlu i finans ? w mi  cdzynarodowych ? w warszawie ? a _ j _ seremak @ pro . onet . pl ? - i - iv rozdzia  pracy - mba . doc  - iv - rozdzia  pracy - schemat - mba . doc ? - rozdzia  5 . 1 . tabele . doc  - rozdzia  v 5 . 1 . opis . doc ? - rozdzia  v 5 . 2 . , podsumowanie , biografia i spisy . doc  - strona tytuowa i spis tre  ~ ci . doc  - wstep . doc",0,pd praca dyplomowa v edycja mba original message jerzy seremak vkaminski aol com sent tuesday november pm subject praca dyplpmowa v edycja mba dzie dobry panie doktorze przesy panu ca prac c dyplomow z finans w cz c pracy zosta panu przes ana w pa dzierniku wykresy b cd kolorowe uj cte w pracy obrona pracy jest zaplanowana w luty br je eli jest mo liwe prosz c recenzj c z powa aniem jerzy seremak v edycja mba wy sza szko handlu finans w mi cdzynarodowych w warszawie j seremak pro onet pl iv rozdzia pracy mba doc iv rozdzia pracy schemat mba doc rozdzia tabele doc rozdzia v opis doc rozdzia v podsumowanie biografia spisy doc strona tytuowa spis tre ci doc wstep doc
"Subject: anshuman shrivastava - visa application  ranendra : i have been asked to begin the visa process for the above  individual , located in india .  i believe mr . shrivastava has been working as assistant manager with enron  since may 10 , 1998 . if this is correct , we will be able to bring him into  the us on an ll intracompany visa under the blanklet l for enron .  can you please let me have an email address for him so that i can send him  the required visa questionnaire to begin the process .  many thanks  margaret  713 - 345 - 5083",0,anshuman shrivastava visa application ranendra asked begin visa process individual located india believe mr shrivastava working assistant manager enron since may correct able bring us intracompany visa blanklet l enron please let email address send required visa questionnaire begin process many thanks margaret
"Subject: re : american express charges  hi samer !  hope you had an enjoyable thanksgiving !  i found out the "" scoop "" on the ticket . it was non - refundable and non -  refundable tickets cannot be transferred . it was just your seat that  maureen ' s husband used .  i will send in a check request for reimbursement in the amount of $ 330 . 50 .  the best thing would be for you to go ahead and pay the bill or wait for  the check from us .  sorry for the confusion !  cheers !  shirley  "" samer takriti "" on 11 / 20 / 2000 01 : 41 : 23 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  subject : american express charges  shirley ,  how are you ? things are fine over here . we are still trying to settle in ;  this process seems to be taking forever .  i would like to ask for your help . i have received a statement from  american express related to my enron account . the charge amount is $ 330 . 50 ,  which is supposed to be for an airplane ticket . after calling the travel  agency in the park , i found out that this was the ticket that i was  supposed to have used to fly to colorado . however , the ticket was used by  maurine ' s husband and maurine claimed to have paid for the ticket . also , i  remember calling the tap and cancelling prior to the travel date . can you  help me figure out what is going on here ? i am not sure who is supposed to  pay for this . i disputed the charge before but my dispute was rejected .  i appreciate your help . thanks .  - samer",0,american express charges hi samer hope enjoyable thanksgiving found scoop ticket non refundable non refundable tickets transferred seat maureen husband used send check request reimbursement amount best thing would go ahead pay bill wait check us sorry confusion cheers shirley samer takriti pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc stinson gibner enron com subject american express charges shirley things fine still trying settle process seems taking forever would like ask help received statement american express related enron account charge amount supposed airplane ticket calling travel agency park found ticket supposed used fly colorado however ticket used maurine husband maurine claimed paid ticket also remember calling tap cancelling prior travel date help figure going sure supposed pay disputed charge dispute rejected appreciate help thanks samer
"Subject: enron recruiting / mscf speaker series  vince ,  pierre has informed me that ( if you can so co - ordinate with alison bailey )  you would like to move the recruiting event on campus for comp finance to  nov 3 in order to co - ordinate with pierre ' s invitation to speak in the mscf  speaker series the same day . i contacted our recruiting center about  availability on that date and have forwarded below his response . let me  know how else i can help and , again , thanks for your kind words about the  program and you obvious interest in meeting with us .  rick  richard l . bryant  director , computational finance program  carnegie mellon university  graduate school of industrial administration  pittsburgh , pa 15213  phone / fax ( 412 ) 268 - 4592 / ( 412 ) 268 - 6837  http : / / fastweb . gsia . cmu . edu / mscf  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : "" ken keeley ""  to : "" rick bryant ""  cc : "" sally e gould ""  sent : thursday , august 03 , 2000 1 : 32 pm  subject : re : fw : mscf speaker series  enron currently has 8 interview rooms scheduled on december 11 , 2000 . . . as  we have 10 interview rooms available to us and as on 11 / 3 we currently have  nine rooms booked , if enron wants to move all 8 schedules to 11 / 3 , we  probably will not be able to host them on - campus unless [ the firm currently  holding the rooms ] moves off ( and there is a possibility of that - this is  like a game of dominos ) . however , enron could interview off campus , but  that is not as convenient for the students and it increases the cost for the  employer . if enron wants to move only one or two schedules to 11 / 3 for just  comp finance , we would find a way to accomodate them . our recruiting  coordinator , sally gould , will do everything she can to make this work for  enron . please suggest that enron re - contact her as soon as they know what  their preferences are . alison knows how to reach her .  > ken keeley , ph . d .  > director , career opportunities center  > graduate school of industrial administration  > carnegie mellon university  > tel : 412 - 268 - 3092  > fax : 412 - 268 - 4146  >",0,enron recruiting mscf speaker series vince pierre informed co ordinate alison bailey would like move recruiting event campus comp finance nov order co ordinate pierre invitation speak mscf speaker series day contacted recruiting center availability date forwarded response let know else help thanks kind words program obvious interest meeting us rick richard l bryant director computational finance program carnegie mellon university graduate school industrial administration pittsburgh pa phone fax http fastweb gsia cmu edu mscf original message ken keeley rick bryant cc sally e gould sent thursday august pm subject fw mscf speaker series enron currently interview rooms scheduled december interview rooms available us currently nine rooms booked enron wants move schedules probably able host campus unless firm currently holding rooms moves possibility like game dominos however enron could interview campus convenient students increases cost employer enron wants move one two schedules comp finance would find way accomodate recruiting coordinator sally gould everything make work enron please suggest enron contact soon know preferences alison knows reach ken keeley ph director career opportunities center graduate school industrial administration carnegie mellon university tel fax
"Subject: patricia tlapek  brad ,  as per our previous discussions , vince wanted me to give you the background  on our request to bring patricia tlapek into the research group at the very  top end of the manager group . the justification for this was not only her  extraordinary performance in setting up our technical analysis section but  also our reliance on her to build this group and expand its scope .  this memo is in response to your request today to document our reasoning .  this past year patricia was extremely successful in building internal  clientele for her products and recommendations - she is now widely relied on  by gas , power , crude and equity marketers , as well as traders from the  calgary office . in addition , she developed and presented seminars to bring  traders up to speed on techniques in technical analysis .  also this last year patricia built and populates daily the research group ' s  intranet site on technical analysis .  as a crowning achievement ( but just the beginning ) , patricia was given the  authority to actually trade natural gas as jeff shankman , managing director ,  authorized her book for technical analysis trading .  currently , we are proceeding with the expansion of her group personnel - wise  and she is agressively working to gain authority from other groups to trade  live books on other energy commodities and energy - related equities .  for these reasons , we want to peg patricia ' s salary at the top of the pay  scale .  thanks for expediting this effort .  - - - mike",0,patricia tlapek brad per previous discussions vince wanted give background request bring patricia tlapek research group top end manager group justification extraordinary performance setting technical analysis section also reliance build group expand scope memo response request today document reasoning past year patricia extremely successful building internal clientele products recommendations widely relied gas power crude equity marketers well traders calgary office addition developed presented seminars bring traders speed techniques technical analysis also last year patricia built populates daily research group intranet site technical analysis crowning achievement beginning patricia given authority actually trade natural gas jeff shankman managing director authorized book technical analysis trading currently proceeding expansion group personnel wise agressively working gain authority groups trade live books energy commodities energy related equities reasons want peg patricia salary top pay scale thanks expediting effort mike
"Subject: meeting with mr . sud  rebecca ,  as we had spoken on the phone , i met with mr . kk sud , a retired secretary in  the govt . of india yesterday . this meeting was arranged at vince ' s request ,  since vince had been approached by mr . sud ' s son who is a student at rice  ( where vince teaches a course ) . the younger mr . sud had wanted someone at  enron to meet with his father who was visiting houston , and is currently an  advisor ( post retirement from the government ) to the prime minister ' s office .  this was my first meeting , and i have no background check on the person .  however , the meeting was interesting , and mr . sud conveyed to me in  confidence that the indian govt . is very interested in solving the dabhol  issue . he also conveyed that a decision is being made in the direction of  ntpc buying all the power from dabhol , but that this was still under wraps .  i have no way of judging the genuineness of this person , but he claimed to  have been secretary in the ministry of defence for some 16 years , which is a  very important post in india . the information he was conveying seemed so  important that vince and i decided to update you on the same by phone this  morning .  mr . sud is leaving houston on monday so , as discussed , i will see if he can  meet with you on saturday morning .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,meeting mr sud rebecca spoken phone met mr kk sud retired secretary govt india yesterday meeting arranged vince request since vince approached mr sud son student rice vince teaches course younger mr sud wanted someone enron meet father visiting houston currently advisor post retirement government prime minister office first meeting background check person however meeting interesting mr sud conveyed confidence indian govt interested solving dabhol issue also conveyed decision made direction ntpc buying power dabhol still wraps way judging genuineness person claimed secretary ministry defence years important post india information conveying seemed important vince decided update phone morning mr sud leaving houston monday discussed see meet saturday morning regards sandeep
"Subject: reminder - enronanywhere portal project meeting  you are scheduled to attend the enronanywhere portal project meeting .  when : wednesday , april 18 , 2001  where : eb 50 m dining room  time : 12 : 00 - 4 : 00  lunch will be served .  thank you in advance for helping us to create one enron . your attendance and  participation is certain to make this project a huge success .  call me if you have any questions .  thanks ,  marie hejka  enronanywhere  3 9698  p . s . note , we decided not to send a pre - workshop assignment .  see you there .",0,reminder enronanywhere portal project meeting scheduled attend enronanywhere portal project meeting wednesday april eb dining room time lunch served thank advance helping us create one enron attendance participation certain make project huge success call questions thanks marie hejka enronanywhere p note decided send pre workshop assignment see
"Subject: colleagues ,  i will be leaving enron next week . friday , september 8 , will be my last day . i  enjoyed knowing and working with you . for the time being , i can be reached at  takriti @ att . net .  - samer",0,colleagues leaving enron next week friday september last day enjoyed knowing working time reached takriti att net samer
"Subject: re : powerisk 2000 followup in re weatherdelta  vince ,  i will contact them and set up a meeting .  alex  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 30 / 2000 10 : 21 am  to : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron  cc : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , sevil  yaman / corp / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : powerisk 2000 followup in re weatherdelta  alex ,  can you set up a meeting to review this product . they have an office in  houston .  please , invite people on the distribution list .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  10 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  denton mike on 10 / 24 / 2000 10 : 14 : 04 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : powerisk 2000 followup in re weatherdelta  mr . kaminski ,  ?  nick perry and i were recently discussing the conference in paris , and we  gathered that you had some interest in exploring possible uses of our new  weatherdelta tool - kit . ? it is the only application that we know of , that  can ? model temperature , loads , and power prices in several locations  simultaneously : thus allowing the user to measure the value an risk in a  variety of financial instruments , physical obligations and assets . ? i have  attached the product overview sheet , and would be happy to discuss its  capabilities with you at your convenience . ? ?  ?  nick and i send our regards ,  ?  vice president  na strategic consulting  caminus  747 third avenue , 18 th floor  new york , new york 10017  ( 212 ) 515 - 3667  ?  ?  - weatherdelta . pdf",0,powerisk followup weatherdelta vince contact set meeting alex vince j kaminski ect alex huang corp enron enron cc joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect lance cunningham na enron enron sevil yaman corp enron enron stinson gibner hou ect ect subject powerisk followup weatherdelta alex set meeting review product office houston please invite people distribution list vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect denton mike vkamins enron com cc subject powerisk followup weatherdelta mr kaminski nick perry recently discussing conference paris gathered interest exploring possible uses new weatherdelta tool kit application know model temperature loads power prices several locations simultaneously thus allowing user measure value risk variety financial instruments physical obligations assets attached product overview sheet would happy discuss capabilities convenience nick send regards vice president na strategic consulting caminus third avenue th floor new york new york weatherdelta pdf
"Subject: risk 2000 panel discussion  dear all ,  ?  would like to set a conference call to discuss content for the panel  discussion at risk 2000 in boston on 14 june . perhaps i can suggest  wednesday 31 may at noon est . i ' m on london time and am quite flexible if  you would like to do earlier or indeed on another day .  ?  the panellists are -  ?  vince kaminski , enron corp  richard jefferis , koch energy trading  steven bramlet , aquila  ?  the discussion topic is ' effectively applying weather derivatives '  ?  i think we need to establish a series of questions around which to  facilitate discussion . we currently don ' t have a moderator and perhaps one  of you could take this role on .  ?  i look forward to hearing from you .  ?  thanks , oliver  ?  ?  ?  direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9880  ?  risk publications , 28 - 29 haymarket , london swly 4 rx  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800 ? email : oliver @ risk . co . uk  www . riskpublications . com",0,risk panel discussion dear would like set conference call discuss content panel discussion risk boston june perhaps suggest wednesday may noon est london time quite flexible would like earlier indeed another day panellists vince kaminski enron corp richard jefferis koch energy trading steven bramlet aquila discussion topic effectively applying weather derivatives think need establish series questions around facilitate discussion currently moderator perhaps one could take role look forward hearing thanks oliver direct risk publications haymarket london swly rx fax email oliver risk co uk www riskpublications com
"Subject: the storage revolution has begun  network world fusion focus : amy larsen decarlo  on storage in the enterprise  today ' s focus : the storage revolution has begun  03 / 07 / 00  dear wincenty kaminski ,  today ' s focus : the storage revolution has  begun  by amy larsen decarlo  believe the hype . we are in the middle of a storage revolution .  virtually overnight , businesses have gone from storing gigabytes to  terabytes of data , and the number of users accessing that information is  skyrocketing . the subsequent requirements are forcing companies to  rethink their storage strategies and to recognize the importance of  storage management in the equation of efficient information delivery .  it isn  , t just the volume of data or the higher scalability demands that  are changing how businesses handle storage . the premium that companies  place on much of their enterprise information is having a profound  effect on their storage requirements . businesses demand fault - tolerant  storage systems that deliver swift and reliable data access to their  employees , suppliers and customers .  but given the fact that hard disk capacity requirements , on average ,  double every 12 months , while processor speeds double every 18 months ,  companies are left with a quandary : how can they manage the  proliferation of stored information efficiently enough to compensate for  the differential between capacity requirements and processor speeds ?  the simple answer to this question is to institute a well - executed  storage management plan that anticipates capacity requirements in  advance and leverages the best technologies and techniques to support  those needs . bear in mind that the majority of storage costs come not  from the equipment but from the implementation and support of those  systems .  there are several ways to efficiently manage storage . one of the best  routes is consolidation that is , pooling resources and managing  storage as a system , as opposed to a decentralized collection of file  servers . this may sound like a throwback to an earlier era , when  enterprise storage resided on mainframes . but it  , s actually a  progressive step , as the consolidation has more to do with centralizing  the planning , management , and ongoing support of storage systems than it  does with the physical location of the files .  next , it is important to recognize that not all information is equally  important to the organization . consequently , storage requirements vary  by business application . as in all areas of it , it is important to make  storage implementation decisions based on business needs .  businesses trying to more efficiently manage storage are looking for  alternatives to the distributed file server storage model . they want to  speed access to stored files and remove bandwidth - intensive backup and  recovery operations from the lan .  network - attached storage ( nas ) supplies it professionals with one  answer , giving workstations and servers a way to gain direct access to  stored data . nas devices , which have been widely available for years ,  are optimized to process i / o transactions . though they promise better  performance , they don  , t remove backups from the transport network .  instead , they supply a relatively easy - to - deploy solution to cross -  platform storage problems for most heterogeneous environments .  many consider storage - area networks ( san ) to be the best long - term  answer to current and future storage challenges . because sans are  designed with a topology separate from the corporate data network , they  alleviate many of the availability and performance issues associated  with more traditional storage models . yet , given the early deployment  stage most companies are still in , many of those capabilities are still  largely untested in a production environment .  this newsletter will examine how , through effective storage management ,  it professionals can reduce support costs and improve service delivery  to their customers . this newsletter will not focus on items like the  least expensive tape drive or the fast tape library . instead , it will  look at how businesses can reduce inefficiencies and leverage emerging  technologies to resolve their particular storage application issues .  ultimately , the goal is to identify storage technology options and  practices that work in real - world environments .  to contact amy larsen decarlo :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  amy larsen decarlo is an analyst with enterprise management associates  in boulder , colo . , ( http : / / www . . com ) , a leading  analyst and market research firm focusing exclusively on all aspects of  enterprise management . she focuses on storage management , application  management , and security . in her position , she oversees market research  and contributes to custom project work in her focal coverage areas .  prior to joining ema , amy spent five years covering enterprise  management for industry trade magazines , including informationweek and  data communications . she can be reached at  mailto : decarlo @ . com  for related links - - click here for network world ' s home page :  http : / / www . nwfusion . com  the national storage industry consortium ( nsic )  http : / / www . nsic . org  the distributed management task force ( dmtf )  http : / / www . dmtf . org  storage systems standards working group of the ieee  http : / / www . ssswg . org  the ietf  http : / / www . ietf . org  subscription services  to subscribe or unsubscribe to any network world e - mail newsletters ,  go to :  to change your email address , go to :  subscription questions ? contact customer service by replying to this  message .  other questions / comments  have editorial comments ? write jeff caruso , newsletter editor , at :  mailto : jcaruso @ nww . com  for advertising information , write jamie kalbach , account executive ,  at : mailto : jkalbach @ nww . com  network world fusion is part of idg . net , the idg online network .  it all starts here :  http : / / www . idg . com  copyright network world , inc . , 2000",0,storage revolution begun network world fusion focus amy larsen decarlo storage enterprise today focus storage revolution begun dear wincenty kaminski today focus storage revolution begun amy larsen decarlo believe hype middle storage revolution virtually overnight businesses gone storing gigabytes terabytes data number users accessing information skyrocketing subsequent requirements forcing companies rethink storage strategies recognize importance storage management equation efficient information delivery volume data higher scalability demands changing businesses handle storage premium companies place much enterprise information profound effect storage requirements businesses demand fault tolerant storage systems deliver swift reliable data access employees suppliers customers given fact hard disk capacity requirements average double every months processor speeds double every months companies left quandary manage proliferation stored information efficiently enough compensate differential capacity requirements processor speeds simple answer question institute well executed storage management plan anticipates capacity requirements advance leverages best technologies techniques support needs bear mind majority storage costs come equipment implementation support systems several ways efficiently manage storage one best routes consolidation pooling resources managing storage system opposed decentralized collection file servers may sound like throwback earlier era enterprise storage resided mainframes actually progressive step consolidation centralizing planning management ongoing support storage systems physical location files next important recognize information equally important organization consequently storage requirements vary business application areas important make storage implementation decisions based business needs businesses trying efficiently manage storage looking alternatives distributed file server storage model want speed access stored files remove bandwidth intensive backup recovery operations lan network attached storage nas supplies professionals one answer giving workstations servers way gain direct access stored data nas devices widely available years optimized process transactions though promise better performance remove backups transport network instead supply relatively easy deploy solution cross platform storage problems heterogeneous environments many consider storage area networks san best long term answer current future storage challenges sans designed topology separate corporate data network alleviate many availability performance issues associated traditional storage models yet given early deployment stage companies still many capabilities still largely untested production environment newsletter examine effective storage management professionals reduce support costs improve service delivery customers newsletter focus items like least expensive tape drive fast tape library instead look businesses reduce inefficiencies leverage emerging technologies resolve particular storage application issues ultimately goal identify storage technology options practices work real world environments contact amy larsen decarlo amy larsen decarlo analyst enterprise management associates boulder colo http www com leading analyst market research firm focusing exclusively aspects enterprise management focuses storage management application management security position oversees market research contributes custom project work focal coverage areas prior joining ema amy spent five years covering enterprise management industry trade magazines including informationweek data communications reached mailto decarlo com related links click network world home page http www nwfusion com national storage industry consortium nsic http www nsic org distributed management task force dmtf http www dmtf org storage systems standards working group ieee http www ssswg org ietf http www ietf org subscription services subscribe unsubscribe network world e mail newsletters go change email address go subscription questions contact customer service replying message questions comments editorial comments write jeff caruso newsletter editor mailto jcaruso nww com advertising information write jamie kalbach account executive mailto jkalbach nww com network world fusion part idg net idg online network starts http www idg com copyright network world inc
"Subject: capm and cost of capital  greetings from the global association of risk professionals ! ! we are  putting together a panel for our march meeting related to one of the  following topics ; cost of capital , estimating risk premium , and capm  approaches to measuring risk . currently , we have steve mann , an assistant  professor of finance at tcu , is scheduled to speak and we are seeking  additional volunteers for our panel . if you are interested please respond  via email . if your organization would like to host the event , please let me  know so that arrangements can be made .  fyi , we have identified resources in new york city that would come to  houston to speak , and we are in need of a sponsor ( or suggestions ) to cover  the general expense of bringing these individuals to houston .  steve mann is an assistant professor of finance at the neeley school at tcu ,  where he teaches courses in derivatives and corporate finance . his primary  area of research is trading , with focus on the risk & reward of market  making in derivative contracts , as well as behavioral aspects of trading ,  and liquidity measurement . his publications to date include papers in the  review of financial studies , the journal of business , and the journal of  futures markets .  looking forward to your response .  respectfully ,  frank hayden  garp  the information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged .  it is intended solely for the addressee . access to this email by anyone else  is unauthorized .  if you are not the intended recipient , any disclosure , copying , distribution  or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it , is prohibited  and may be unlawful . when addressed to our clients any opinions or advice  contained in this email are subject to the terms and conditions expressed in  the governing kpmg client engagement letter . ",0,capm cost capital greetings global association risk professionals putting together panel march meeting related one following topics cost capital estimating risk premium capm approaches measuring risk currently steve mann assistant professor finance tcu scheduled speak seeking additional volunteers panel interested please respond via email organization would like host event please let know arrangements made fyi identified resources new york city would come houston speak need sponsor suggestions cover general expense bringing individuals houston steve mann assistant professor finance neeley school tcu teaches courses derivatives corporate finance primary area research trading focus risk reward market making derivative contracts well behavioral aspects trading liquidity measurement publications date include papers review financial studies journal business journal futures markets looking forward response respectfully frank hayden garp information email confidential may legally privileged intended solely addressee access email anyone else unauthorized intended recipient disclosure copying distribution action taken omitted taken reliance prohibited may unlawful addressed clients opinions advice contained email subject terms conditions expressed governing kpmg client engagement letter
"Subject: re : kwi user group  vince  yes please go ahead .  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 24 april 2001 23 : 35  to : djw @ kwi . com  subject : re : kwi user group  david ,  i can ask our ceo john sherriff .  please , let me know by 10 : 00 a . m . central time , wednesday .  vince  david warwick on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 24 : 53 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : kwi user group  vince  sorry to hear you cannot make it . . . you would obviously have been the big  catch ! !  in terms of a london based replacement , who did you have in mind and what  sort of subject could they cover ?  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 24 april 2001 23 : 22  to : djw @ kwi . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : re : kwi user group  david ,  i regret to inform you i am unable to attend the conference due to previous  commitments .  would you consider a speakers form our london office ?  vince  david warwick on 04 / 24 / 2001 09 : 47 : 31 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : kwi user group  vince  any further thoughts on this ?  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 13 april 2001 21 : 44  to : djw @ kwi . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : re : kwi user group  david ,  thanks for the invitation .  i shall check my schedule on monday and will get back to you  regarding the conference .  i hope you will a very happy easter .  vince  david warwick on 04 / 12 / 2001 04 : 04 : 32 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : kwi user group  dear vince  please may i reintroduce myself . we met last year at the sydney eprm  conference which my company kwi sponsored . i chaired the session at which  you spoke .  as you may remember , my company , kwi are one of the world ' s leading  provider  of systems ( kw 3000 ) and consultancy for energy , trading and risk  management .  we have over 60 clients worldwide including many of the world ' s leading  energy companies ( not enron unfortunately ) :  north america  - tva  - ontario power  - cinergy  - bonneville power  europe  - enel  - atel  - electrabel  - edf  nordic  - vattenfall  - fortum  - sydkraft  - statkraft  - birka energi  - norsk hydro  each year we stage a "" kwi users forum "" - a 2 - day event attended by leading  trading and risk staff from our clients . last year there were about 100  delegates . the agenda primarily focusses on issues surrounding risk  management for the energy sector .  the agenda comprises keynote presentations on burning risk issues from  industry leading energy speakers and practical workshops focussed around  using our software .  this years event is at a luxury hotel in the wonderful spanish city of  barcelona and runs from the evening of sunday september 9 th to tuesday  september 11 th . the main conference dinner is on the monday evening and is  always a memorable event . this year it is in a leading barcelona restaurant  preceded by a bus tour of the city with a stop for pre - dinner drinks .  i would like to invite you to make the opening keynote address , the  highlight of the conference .  the subject could be :  * a general energy risk related topic  * a general insight into the secret of enron ' s continued success in  the energy markets  * your thoughts on the future development on energy markets ( and other  commodity related - bandwidth etc . ) worldwide  obviously , we would cover all your delagate costs including accomodation ,  food and drink .  what ' s in it for you ? many of our users are some the energy sectors  leading  risk thinkers and i ' m sure you would enjoy meeting them and exchanging  views .  please let me know if you are able to accept the invitation .  best regards  david warwick - marketing dierctor and co - founder",0,kwi user group vince yes please go ahead david original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent april djw kwi com subject kwi user group david ask ceo john sherriff please let know central time wednesday vince david warwick pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject kwi user group vince sorry hear make would obviously big catch terms london based replacement mind sort subject could cover david original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent april djw kwi com cc vince j kaminski enron com shirley crenshaw enron com subject kwi user group david regret inform unable attend conference due previous commitments would consider speakers form london office vince david warwick vince j kaminski enron com cc subject kwi user group vince thoughts david original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent april djw kwi com cc vince j kaminski enron com vkaminski aol com subject kwi user group david thanks invitation shall check schedule monday get back regarding conference hope happy easter vince david warwick pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject kwi user group dear vince please may reintroduce met last year sydney eprm conference company kwi sponsored chaired session spoke may remember company kwi one world leading provider systems kw consultancy energy trading risk management clients worldwide including many world leading energy companies enron unfortunately north america tva ontario power cinergy bonneville power europe enel atel electrabel edf nordic vattenfall fortum sydkraft statkraft birka energi norsk hydro year stage kwi users forum day event attended leading trading risk staff clients last year delegates agenda primarily focusses issues surrounding risk management energy sector agenda comprises keynote presentations burning risk issues industry leading energy speakers practical workshops focussed around using software years event luxury hotel wonderful spanish city barcelona runs evening sunday september th tuesday september th main conference dinner monday evening always memorable event year leading barcelona restaurant preceded bus tour city stop pre dinner drinks would like invite make opening keynote address highlight conference subject could general energy risk related topic general insight secret enron continued success energy markets thoughts future development energy markets commodity related bandwidth etc worldwide obviously would cover delagate costs including accomodation food drink many users energy sectors leading risk thinkers sure would enjoy meeting exchanging views please let know able accept invitation best regards david warwick marketing dierctor co founder
"Subject: re : merit increases  vince ,  i am going to have the team look at the problem . hopefully it will be an  easy fix . otherwise , we can work off the worksheets that you complete over  the weekend . you have my cell number if you have any questions .  norma villarreal  713 - 598 - 1545  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 06 : 09 pm  to : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : merit increases  norma ,  it seems that there is a bug in the system . i made an error mixing equity and  merit raises in one column . the system does not allow me to correct the  mistake by  moving the entries from one column to another . i can enter the changes , but  after i save them the system reverts to original designations .  as a result , the columns contain mixed entries related to merit and equity  raises .  the column totals are misleading .  i am taking a csv version home to continue making adjustments .  i shall work at home monday ( 281 367 5377 ) .  vince",0,merit increases vince going team look problem hopefully easy fix otherwise work worksheets complete weekend cell number questions norma villarreal vince j kaminski pm norma villarreal hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject merit increases norma seems bug system made error mixing equity merit raises one column system allow correct mistake moving entries one column another enter changes save system reverts original designations result columns contain mixed entries related merit equity raises column totals misleading taking csv version home continue making adjustments shall work home monday vince
"Subject: consulting project  dear vince :  i have now spent 16 hours on the valuation project and wanted to touch  base with you to make sure that the basic approach makes sense and that you  think we are making an appropriate amount of progress . my invoice is  attached .  by the way , john martin just mentioned that you have agreed to be our  luncheon speaker at the texas finance festival . i really appreciate your  help on this and would like to schedule some time next week to talk about  it in more detail .  i look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  sheridan  - invoice for february and march 2001 . doc  sheridan titman  department of finance  college of business administration  university of texas  austin , texas 78712 - 1179  512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone )  512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax )  titman @ mail . utexas . edu",0,consulting project dear vince spent hours valuation project wanted touch base make sure basic approach makes sense think making appropriate amount progress invoice attached way john martin mentioned agreed luncheon speaker texas finance festival really appreciate help would like schedule time next week talk detail look forward hearing regards sheridan invoice february march doc sheridan titman department finance college business administration university texas austin texas phone fax titman mail utexas edu
"Subject: you could need itt  how to save on your m necropsy edlcations over 70 % .  p strychnine harmshop - successfull and proven trisyllabic way to save your mone suppository y .  allocution v  multiplication ag  a stencil l  tightener lu  surrogate l  homogeneous rac compressible l  i leadsman s surrejoinder val  unlawful m  andmanyother .  bes boxcar t prlces .  worldwi leviticus de shlpplng .  easy order unmanageable form .  total confidentiaiity cystic .  250 , 000 sati alluvium sfied customers .  pelerine order today and save !",1,could need itt save necropsy edlcations p strychnine harmshop successfull proven trisyllabic way save mone suppository allocution v multiplication ag stencil l tightener lu surrogate l homogeneous rac compressible l leadsman surrejoinder val unlawful andmanyother bes boxcar prlces worldwi leviticus de shlpplng easy order unmanageable form total confidentiaiity cystic sati alluvium sfied customers pelerine order today save
"Subject: re : fwd : praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa  panie tomaszu ,  prosze poinformowac kolegow , ze przesle moje uwagi  do niedzieli .  w . kaminski  vkaminski @ aol . com on 01 / 30 / 2001 06 : 27 : 25 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : fwd : praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa  content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable  return - path :  received : from rly - ygo 2 . mx . aol . com ( rly - ygo 2 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 147 . 2 ] ) by  air - ygo 3 . mail . aol . com ( v 77 . 31 ) with esmtp ; mon , 29 jan 2001 17 : 42 : 48 - 0500  received : from postmaster . enron . com ( outbound 5 . enron . com [ 192 . 152 . 140 . 9 ] ) by  rly - ygo 2 . mx . aol . com ( v 77 . 27 ) with esmtp ; mon , 29 jan 2001 17 : 42 : 35 - 0500  received : from nahou - msmswo 2 px . corp . enron . com ( [ 172 . 28 . 10 . 38 ] ) by  postmaster . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 / postmaster - 1 . 00 ) with esmtp id waal 2034 for  ; mon , 29 jan 2001 22 : 42 : 34 gmt  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  received : from ene - mtaol . enron . com ( unverified ) by  nahou - msmswo 2 px . corp . enron . com ( content technologies smtprs 4 . 1 . 5 ) with esmtp  id for  ; mon , 29 jan 2001 16 : 42 : 33 - 0600  subject : praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa  to : vkaminski @ aol . com  date : mon , 29 jan 2001 16 : 42 : 46 - 0600  message - id :  x - mimetrack : serialize by router on ene - mtaol / enron ( release 5 . 0 . 6 | december  14 , 2000 ) at 01 / 29 / 2001 04 : 40 : 54 pm  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / plain ; charset = iso - 8859 - 2  x - mailer : unknown ( no version )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001  04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" scarbeko "" on 01 / 29 / 2001 07 : 35 : 10 am  to :  cc :  subject : praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa  szanowny panie doktorze ,  na samym pocz ? tku chcia ? bym si przypomnie ` . jestem studentem v edycji mba ? w wy "" szej szkole handlu i finans ? w midzynarodowych w warszawie i wraz z  panami jerzym seremakiem i waldemarem mrozem piszemy u pana doktora prac ? dyplomow ? z finans ? w midzynarodowych . nsze prace przes ? a ? em do pana  doktora juz w listopadzie ubieg ? ego roku i do tej pory nie dosta ? em  potwirerdzenia , "" e pan je otrzyma ? . bardzo bym prosi ? o potwierdzenie  otrzymania tych "" e prac lub zaprzeczenie .  panie doktorze nastepna sprawa dotyczy zapytania czy pa  stwa firma by ? aby  zainteresowana inwestycjami w budow ? elektrowni na ukrainie . pracuj w ? firmie konsultingowej kt ? ra zajmuje si min . tego typu biznesem . nie jest  to dla nas pierwszy kontakt z tego rodzaju inwestycjami , poniewa "" w  obecnej chwili przygotowujemy sie do kontraktu ? z niemieck ? ? firm ?  lahmeyer international na budow elektrowni 150 mw szczeg ? ly moge podac ? je "" eli panstwo wyrazicie zainteresowanie . ? ? z powa "" aniem tomasz b ? ach ? ? ? ? ?",0,fwd praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa panie tomaszu prosze poinformowac kolegow ze przesle moje uwagi niedzieli w kaminski vkaminski aol com vkamins enron com cc subject fwd praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa content transfer encoding quoted printable return path received rly ygo mx aol com rly ygo mail aol com air ygo mail aol com v esmtp mon jan received postmaster enron com outbound enron com rly ygo mx aol com v esmtp mon jan received nahou msmswo px corp enron com postmaster enron com postmaster esmtp id waal mon jan gmt vince j kaminski enron com received ene mtaol enron com unverified nahou msmswo px corp enron com content technologies smtprs esmtp id mon jan subject praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa vkaminski aol com date mon jan message id x mimetrack serialize router ene mtaol enron release december pm mime version content type text plain charset iso x mailer unknown version forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm scarbeko cc subject praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa szanowny panie doktorze na samym pocz tku chcia bym si przypomnie jestem studentem v edycji mba w wy szej szkole handlu finans w midzynarodowych w warszawie wraz z panami jerzym seremakiem waldemarem mrozem piszemy u pana doktora prac dyplomow z finans w midzynarodowych nsze prace przes em pana doktora juz w listopadzie ubieg ego roku tej pory nie dosta em potwirerdzenia e pan je otrzyma bardzo bym prosi potwierdzenie otrzymania tych e prac lub zaprzeczenie panie doktorze nastepna sprawa dotyczy zapytania czy pa stwa firma aby zainteresowana inwestycjami w budow elektrowni na ukrainie pracuj w firmie konsultingowej kt ra zajmuje si min tego typu biznesem nie jest dla nas pierwszy kontakt z tego rodzaju inwestycjami poniewa w obecnej chwili przygotowujemy sie kontraktu z niemieck firm lahmeyer international na budow elektrowni mw szczeg ly moge podac je eli panstwo wyrazicie zainteresowanie z powa aniem tomasz b ach
"Subject: re : india model  vince ,  i forwarded this to sandeep so he could reply .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 12 / 28 / 2000  03 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" robert schenck "" on 12 / 27 / 2000 11 : 21 : 18 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : india model  stinson ,  i am trying to contact our data base experts at the moment to clarify some  issues with the region and may need another day to get something more  concrete in front of you .  what i would like to know is the extent of your company knowledge re the  following  generation units ' nameplate capacity , fuel type , efficiency , o vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > subject : india model  >  >  > robert ,  >  > enron would like to do a study of power prices and dispatch for  > india we  > have spoken with david branchcomb to see if henwood can help with this  > project in our time frame ( results needed by end of january ) , and he  > suggested that we speak directly with you about the project .  >  > i will try and give you a call later today ( wednesday afternoon  > in houston ,  > thurday morning , adelaide ) at around 9 : 00 a . m . your time to see we can  > describe for you the project in more detail .  >  > regards ,  >  > stinson gibner  > enron research group  > ( 713 ) 853 - 4748  >",0,india model vince forwarded sandeep could reply stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm robert schenck pm cc subject india model stinson trying contact data base experts moment clarify issues region may need another day get something concrete front would like know extent company knowledge following generation units nameplate capacity fuel type efficiency vince j kaminski enron com subject india model robert enron would like study power prices dispatch india spoken david branchcomb see henwood help project time frame results needed end january suggested speak directly project try give call later today wednesday afternoon houston thurday morning adelaide around time see describe project detail regards stinson gibner enron research group
"Subject: re : real options e & p course  larry ,  i sent the information to mark ruane , 713 853 3569 .  he is the best customer at enron for real options applications .  vince  larry chorn on 01 / 25 / 2000 12 : 30 : 17 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : real options e & p course  vince :  as you requested , we mailed you a brochure about our upcoming course  ( 2 / 22 - 4 / 4 ) in houston .  we are now following up with that mailing to identify remaining  attendees for the session . i wanted to make sure that we did not  overlook anyone at enron , so i am dropping you this email to see if you  have anyone there in mind as an attendee .  best regards ,  larry chorn  972 . 814 . 5342  www . realoptions - software . com",0,real options e p course larry sent information mark ruane best customer enron real options applications vince larry chorn pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject real options e p course vince requested mailed brochure upcoming course houston following mailing identify remaining attendees session wanted make sure overlook anyone enron dropping email see anyone mind attendee best regards larry chorn www realoptions software com
"Subject: associate / analyst super saturday participation  enron managing directors , vice presidents , directors , and managers who  utilize the associate / analyst pool  as a follow up from a "" save the date "" email regarding your participation in  the associate and analyst super saturday process , now is the time to select  your dates to attend and participate .  below are the dates for super saturday weekends during the upcoming  recruiting season . if you are houston - based or if you know you will be in  houston on business at the appropriate times please click the link below to  volunteer .  ( when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who  attend the schools for which you are a team member . )  associates analysts  october 27 - 28 , 2000 november 3 - 4  thunderbird , ut , georgetown , rice rice , ut , baylor , a & m , ou , florida , lsu ,  uhcl  november 10 - 11 , 2000 november , 17 - 18 , 2000  columbia , stern nyu , ucla , darden , cornell penn , uva , vanderbilt , michigan ,  howard , auc ,  vanderbilt , michigan uhmain  december , 1 - 2 , 2000 december 8 - 9 , 20000  chicago , kellogg , harvard , wharton , mit wellesley , overflow and re - schedules  from previous s / s  friday , december 15 , 2000  carnegie mellon  thank you for your support of the associate and analyst programs .  shelly jones  recruiting manager",0,associate analyst super saturday participation enron managing directors vice presidents directors managers utilize associate analyst pool follow save date email regarding participation associate analyst super saturday process time select dates attend participate dates super saturday weekends upcoming recruiting season houston based know houston business appropriate times please click link volunteer selecting dates please avoid selecting interview candidates attend schools team member associates analysts october november thunderbird ut georgetown rice rice ut baylor ou florida lsu uhcl november november columbia stern nyu ucla darden cornell penn uva vanderbilt michigan howard auc vanderbilt michigan uhmain december december chicago kellogg harvard wharton mit wellesley overflow schedules previous friday december carnegie mellon thank support associate analyst programs shelly jones recruiting manager
"Subject: internet connectivity that beats the prices & quality of the big boys !  paying high prices for a dial - up connection . . . !  only $ 6 . 95 * per month  - - - >  most of us need a dial - up internet connection at some point . maybe as a back up to our current high speed connection . maybe when we travel ,  or maybe for everyday use . but like so many of us , paying $ 21 to $ 31 a month is just getting to be too much . especially if you still find it hard  to get connected or hard to stay connected .  695 online is the perfect dial - up service for you .  $ 23 . 85 per month  $ 21 . 95 per month  $ 21 . 95 per month  steady and reliable connectivity  filters out unwanted emails  3 email addresses  24 / 7 unlimited internet  affordable price  comes with a cd packed with software  great service  easy to use  nation wide local access numbers  only $ 6 . 95 per month *  learn moresign up now . . . !  sign up for 695 online . com the nation wide low cost internet provider and get mail - block for free . . . !  * orders are billed for a minimum 3 month period . sign up now . . . and start saving money today . . . !  if you do not wish to receive email for this service , please click  remove . ",1,internet connectivity beats prices quality big boys paying high prices dial connection per month us need dial internet connection point maybe back current high speed connection maybe travel maybe everyday use like many us paying month getting much especially still find hard get connected hard stay connected online perfect dial service per month per month per month steady reliable connectivity filters unwanted emails email addresses unlimited internet affordable price comes cd packed software great service easy use nation wide local access numbers per month learn moresign sign online com nation wide low cost internet provider get mail block free orders billed minimum month period sign start saving money today wish receive email service please click remove
"Subject: you ' re my dream come true 0  hello my hope !  i am not sure you get this message but if you got i want you to know  that i want to travel to your country to work in two weeks and i just  want to meet right man . i live in russia and my goal is to leave this  country because it is impossible to live here for young pretty woman .  if you have not wife or girlfriend , maybe we could try to meet ?  i am tayana , i am 25 years old , please write to me directly  to my mail - lapa 201 @ pochta . ru see you soon ! ! ! !  concrete nocturnal flung glimmer wooster anamorphic contraceptive droll rob foothill gaur estonia tollgate derby electrify baseball franca bath  butane trytophan freeman fern farmland octal britten canfield airline anglophobia bun disquietude chauffeur boom remediable baseline shine extrinsic quasiperiodic fed dilatory carbonate longfellow pax sylvia fischer needlepoint blond cloy grayish biz lexical immeasurable semester  brisk cobb nut buzzword aperture rockwell burg validate spartan haughty spiritual liberal ostensible angstrom obscene scala thiamin cyprus accord thornton artichoke malaise reversible contribution linoleum onomatopoeic conferred customhouse condemnate bryce call",1,dream come true hello hope sure get message got want know want travel country work two weeks want meet right man live russia goal leave country impossible live young pretty woman wife girlfriend maybe could try meet tayana years old please write directly mail lapa pochta ru see soon concrete nocturnal flung glimmer wooster anamorphic contraceptive droll rob foothill gaur estonia tollgate derby electrify baseball franca bath butane trytophan freeman fern farmland octal britten canfield airline anglophobia bun disquietude chauffeur boom remediable baseline shine extrinsic quasiperiodic fed dilatory carbonate longfellow pax sylvia fischer needlepoint blond cloy grayish biz lexical immeasurable semester brisk cobb nut buzzword aperture rockwell burg validate spartan haughty spiritual liberal ostensible angstrom obscene scala thiamin cyprus accord thornton artichoke malaise reversible contribution linoleum onomatopoeic conferred customhouse condemnate bryce call
"Subject: re : enron exotica options library  patrick ,  please , contact zimin lu , 713 853 6388 .  vince  patrick markey  11 / 21 / 2000 05 : 15 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : patrick markey / hou / ect @ ect  subject : enron exotica options library  vince ,  i am trying to price a crack spread option utilizing either of the following  models in the exotica library :  1 . spread options by 1 - d integration - sprdopt  2 . spread options on asian spreads - asnsprd  how do i get access to these options models ? who can i visit with in the  houston group if i have any questions regarding the models . your help would  be greatly appreciated . i am located in singapore , so i would probably be  visiting with the houston personnel via e - mail .  thanks ,  pat markey  p . s . - i have access to the o : \ research \ exotica \ xll \ xll _ templates \ directory ;  however , there are no macros associated with the programs that i can find .  also , i don ' t have access to the m : drive . please let me know where to find  these options models .",0,enron exotica options library patrick please contact zimin lu vince patrick markey vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc patrick markey hou ect ect subject enron exotica options library vince trying price crack spread option utilizing either following models exotica library spread options integration sprdopt spread options asian spreads asnsprd get access options models visit houston group questions regarding models help would greatly appreciated located singapore would probably visiting houston personnel via e mail thanks pat markey p access research exotica xll xll templates directory however macros associated programs find also access drive please let know find options models
"Subject: resume of phil roan , koch weather desk  shirley ,  phil roan , the quantitative analyst from koch ' s weather derivatives group  will be here on the afternoon of friday june 16 , beginning say , at 1 : 30 or  2 : 00 . vince asked me to ask you to put a set of interviews together ( as i  understand , vince himself will be unavailable that day ) .  mark tawney should see him ; someone from weather marketing and / or  structuring should see him , e . g . gary taylor and / or michael nguyen ; some more  people from research should grill him on technical and meteorology issues ,  e . g . vasant and / or zimin as well as mike roberts or someone on his team . phil  has only been a "" quant "" since the departure of koch ' s previous weather quant  in february ; before that he was koch ' s weather "" risk manager "" . i am still not  sure what the distinction means , but we do need to find out how much he knows  about option pricing and meteorology . even though his expressed desire is to  focus on weather derivatives , we should also assess how useful he would be  from research group ' s perspective , since research will likely be his official  home .  finally , jere overdyke and / or someone else from his group ( george carrick ,  if available ) should also get a chance to meet with him . i ' ve already spoken  with phil , but i ' d like to sit in with either vasant or zimin or mike when  they interview him , since i wasn ' t able to ask any technical questions .  if i ' m counting correctly , that should amount to five interview sessions ,  perhaps less if we interview in groups of two . phil ' s resume is enclosed  below .  joe  p . s . i will also forward this to jason sokolov . he will let you know if any  people from rac would also like to meet with him .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect on 06 / 07 / 2000  08 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , joseph  hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume of phil roan , koch weather desk  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 06 / 05 / 2000 01 : 54  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" roan , philip "" on 06 / 05 / 2000 08 : 33 : 00 am  to : "" jason sokolov ( e - mail ) ""  cc :  subject :  jason ,  here ' s the attachment we discussed . i ' ll call you this afternoon .  phil roan  roanp @ kochind . com  ( 713 ) 544 - 7469  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : proan @ mindspring . com [ smtp : proan @ mindspring . com ]  > sent : sunday , june 04 , 2000 8 : 07 pm  > to : pr @ work  > subject :  >  > >  - philip f roan . doc",0,resume phil roan koch weather desk shirley phil roan quantitative analyst koch weather derivatives group afternoon friday june beginning say vince asked ask put set interviews together understand vince unavailable day mark tawney see someone weather marketing structuring see e g gary taylor michael nguyen people research grill technical meteorology issues e g vasant zimin well mike roberts someone team phil quant since departure koch previous weather quant february koch weather risk manager still sure distinction means need find much knows option pricing meteorology even though expressed desire focus weather derivatives also assess useful would research group perspective since research likely official home finally jere overdyke someone else group george carrick available also get chance meet already spoken phil like sit either vasant zimin mike interview since able ask technical questions counting correctly amount five interview sessions perhaps less interview groups two phil resume enclosed joe p also forward jason sokolov let know people rac would also like meet forwarded joseph hrgovcic hou ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject resume phil roan koch weather desk forwarded jason sokolov hou ect pm roan philip jason sokolov e mail cc subject jason attachment discussed call afternoon phil roan roanp kochind com original message proan mindspring com smtp proan mindspring com sent sunday june pm pr work subject philip f roan doc
"Subject: wti simulation presentation - the latest  john ,  this is the updated presentation for the open - close assumption .  i will finish the close - close ( continuous trading ) case .  zimin",0,wti simulation presentation latest john updated presentation open close assumption finish close close continuous trading case zimin
"Subject: tired of your high mortgage rate - refinance today . . . . .  dear homeowner ,  interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the  best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds of  lenders !  home improvement , refinance , second mortgage ,  home equity loans , and much , much more !  you ' re eligible even with less than perfect credit !  this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers  without any obligation .  where others say no , we say yes ! ! !  http : / / www 282 . fastwebsnet . com / mtg  take just 2 minutes to complete the following form .  there is no obligation , all information is kept strictly  confidential , and you must be at least 18 years of age .  service is available within the united states only .  this service is fast and free .  http : / / www 282 . fastwebsnet . com / mtg  to opt out : ",1,tired high mortgage rate refinance today dear homeowner interest rates lowest point years help find best rate situation matching needs hundreds lenders home improvement refinance second mortgage home equity loans much much eligible even less perfect credit service free home owners new home buyers without obligation others say say yes http www fastwebsnet com mtg take minutes complete following form obligation information kept strictly confidential must least years age service available within united states service fast free http www fastwebsnet com mtg opt
"Subject: congratualtions zzzz 8969 ! ! !  you ' re  a winner !  dear traveler ,  congratulations  you may be one of our lucky winners !  you may be spending  your next vacation in beautiful orlando florida !  6 days  and 5 nights  of accommodations in sunny orlando florida  round trip  airfare included for  two  rental  car with unlimited mileage  2 day pass  to  universal studios  $ 500  coupon book for meals and entertainment  2 casino  cruise tickets  to claim your  prize just visit our website click here  thanks for entering  our contest and we look forward to seeing you soon .  sincerely ,  jacqueline o ' connor  director of promotoins  p . s . youve  got to hurry . if you dont claim your vacation in the next 24 hours  it may be gone . availability is limited . so dont wait ,  click  here today .  to be excluded from future promotions click here ",1,congratualtions zzzz winner dear traveler congratulations may one lucky winners may spending next vacation beautiful orlando florida days nights accommodations sunny orlando florida round trip airfare included two rental car unlimited mileage day pass universal studios coupon book meals entertainment casino cruise tickets claim prize visit website click thanks entering contest look forward seeing soon sincerely jacqueline connor director promotoins p youve got hurry dont claim vacation next hours may gone availability limited dont wait click today excluded future promotions click
"Subject: access to research project tracking database  kevin kindall brought to my attention that a number of new members in the  group may need to get access to the research projects tracking database in  lotus notes . access can be requested through use of the secutity resource  request form accessed from lotus notes . just submit the form requesting  that you be added as a user of the research group ' s research projects  tracking database .  thanks ,  - - stinson",0,access research project tracking database kevin kindall brought attention number new members group may need get access research projects tracking database lotus notes access requested use secutity resource request form accessed lotus notes submit form requesting added user research group research projects tracking database thanks stinson
"Subject: re : extreme value theory applied to weathet  dear vince and grant ,  i am currently reviewing some of the more erecent references on evt and its  application . i get back to you shortly with some points regarding the  usefulness of evt and how traders ( electricity and weather ) can benefit from  evt .  cheers ,  christian  to : christian werner / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject : re : extreme value theory applied to weathet  christian :  to my knowledge , the research group is examining evt primarily in the context  of value at risk calculations . we have not looked at evt for power , because ,  to date , we have been focussing on shorter term fundamental forecasting of  price excursions : i . e . given tomorrow ' s load forecasts and expected plant  dispatch , we attempt to predict which lines will become constrained and how  the system will react to alleviate these constraints . i would be interested  in your thoughts on how evt would benefit the traders however . as far as the  weather goes , i would expect the weather desk to use evt at some level .  clearly you should talk to joe hrgovcic , the researhc chap attached to the  weather desk , for a more accurate assessment .  cheers ,  grant .",0,extreme value theory applied weathet dear vince grant currently reviewing erecent references evt application get back shortly points regarding usefulness evt traders electricity weather benefit evt cheers christian christian werner enron development enron development cc subject extreme value theory applied weathet christian knowledge research group examining evt primarily context value risk calculations looked evt power date focussing shorter term fundamental forecasting price excursions e given tomorrow load forecasts expected plant dispatch attempt predict lines become constrained system react alleviate constraints would interested thoughts evt would benefit traders however far weather goes would expect weather desk use evt level clearly talk joe hrgovcic researhc chap attached weather desk accurate assessment cheers grant
"Subject: access on the block : international transmission auctions - cera a  lert - december 20 , 2000  title : access on the block : international transmission auctions are opening  european power markets  e - mail category : cera insight  cera knowledge area : european power  despite an apparent impasse in negotiations among european transmission  system operators , regulators , and the european commission in florence ,  auctions of international transmission capacity ( itc ) in france , the united  kingdom , denmark , belgium , italy , austria , switzerland , slovenia , and the  netherlands are opening access between countries and paving the way for the  single european marketplace .  however , the patchwork auctioning of access to itc leaves important issues  unresolved . the most significant of these include the potential for gaming ,  third - party transit , and the allocation of auction proceeds . as they stand ,  these issues , cera believes , are likely to lead to action at the european  level and the eventual imposition of a more integrated scheme .  nevertheless , current plans to open most of europe ' s itc represent a  watershed of activity that will hasten transparency in the market and  determine trade flows and signal transmission investment in 2001 .  international auctions are opening markets  a major portion of international transmission capacity on the continent will  be allocated by auction in 2001 ( see table 1 ) . in cera ' s view auctions for  itc are likely to have the greatest impact during 2001 in the following areas :  * increasing market transparency . the posting of available transmission  capacity on yearly , monthly , and daily bases will facilitate the market ' s  efficient usage of scarce interconnector capacity . for the first time ,  signals for new transmission investment , power flows , and transmission asset  valuation will come from the market .  * increasing cross - border trade . although auctions may not reduce uncertainty  in the marketplace initially , the effect of heightened transparency in access  rules and prices will soon work to increase trade . secondary markets for  interconnector capacity will add to the number of actively traded power  products and work to increase the overall level of trade . ?  * increasing price correlation . auctions will replace nonmarket - based  allocation methods such as long - term capacity reservation . the dynamic  character of shorter - term auctions , combined with an expected secondary  market for capacity , should bring access to international capacity in line  with the needs of the market . in this way the market will be able to adjust  more rapidly to changes in local conditions and thereby work to correlate  pricing points .  * increasing competition . once players have secured access to itc at a given  price , they will be looking to sign supply contracts or integrate the  capacity into structured deals . the result could be more aggressive  maneuvering on the part of incumbents and new entrants alike , resulting in  greater competition at the national level .  * reducing the competitiveness of imports . the results of international  transmission capacity auctions will determine the competitiveness of imported  power into domestic markets . final prices offered for itc will reflect the  relative cost of power between markets and work to make cheaper power more  expensive to import .  * spurring investment in transmission . the money raised through auction could  provide transmission companies with the financial capability to invest in  upgrading international transmission links . access to international  transmission capacity between the netherlands , germany , and belgium in 2001  was auctioned for 63 million euros ( see http : / / www . tso - auction . org for  details ) . ? auctions for access into spain , france , and italy are expected to  realize a premium for access to highly coveted markets .  connecting rather than integrating markets  auctions between national grids , or more accurately commercial grids , are a  pragmatic approach to the problem of granting access to scarce international  transmission capacity on an open and transparent basis . the auctions will  open access to interconnectors and at the same time reward transmission  system operators .  even so , the proposed approaches are not likely to satisfy market players or  the stated objectives of european policymakers . in cera ' s view the following  issues may eventually bring down the hammer on itc auctions :  * third - party transit . the bilateral nature of itc auctions perpetrates the  problem of tariff pancaking and discriminates against trade involving transit  through a third grid . this is ultimately inconsistent with the european  commission ' s objective of a single european power market . the fact that  physical power flows do not follow contractual flows and almost always  transit third - party grids further weakens the legitimacy of the approach .  * transaction - based scheme . although still transactional in nature ( tied to a  specific deal ) , auctions fall within the european commission ' s stated  preference for market - based mechanisms for allocating international  transmission capacity . it remains to be seen how successful this approach is  in achieving integration of national markets . action at the european level  could move allocation of itc in the direction of nontransactional mechanisms  such as market splitting , counter trading , or redispatching .  * gaming of auctions . auctions will in theory allocate access to transmission  on a nondiscriminatory market basis to those that value it most . in practice  it remains to be seen if gaming can be avoided . even though most of the  auctions have placed limits on ownership of transmission capacity , tactical  maneuvers could bid up transmission prices as players act to raise the price  of imported power .  * allocating auction proceeds . one likely outcome of auctions will be the  transfer of profits between players as transmission owners recoup some of the  rents currently reaped by other players . this will works to raise the value  of transmission assets relative to generation , suppliers , or traders . it  remains to be seen how funds from auctions will be allocated among  transmission companies and the grid , as transmission is still currently  subject to monopoly regulation .  * * end * *  come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , "" shooting the rapids :  strategies and risks for the energy future "" in houston , february 12 - 16 ,  2001 ! ? for more information and to register , please visit  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek /  to make changes to your cera . com account go to :  forgot your username and password ? go to :  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from  cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and  may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of  the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is  strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates",0,access block international transmission auctions cera lert december title access block international transmission auctions opening european power markets e mail category cera insight cera knowledge area european power despite apparent impasse negotiations among european transmission system operators regulators european commission florence auctions international transmission capacity itc france united kingdom denmark belgium italy austria switzerland slovenia netherlands opening access countries paving way single european marketplace however patchwork auctioning access itc leaves important issues unresolved significant include potential gaming third party transit allocation auction proceeds stand issues cera believes likely lead action european level eventual imposition integrated scheme nevertheless current plans open europe itc represent watershed activity hasten transparency market determine trade flows signal transmission investment international auctions opening markets major portion international transmission capacity continent allocated auction see table cera view auctions itc likely greatest impact following areas increasing market transparency posting available transmission capacity yearly monthly daily bases facilitate market efficient usage scarce interconnector capacity first time signals new transmission investment power flows transmission asset valuation come market increasing cross border trade although auctions may reduce uncertainty marketplace initially effect heightened transparency access rules prices soon work increase trade secondary markets interconnector capacity add number actively traded power products work increase overall level trade increasing price correlation auctions replace nonmarket based allocation methods long term capacity reservation dynamic character shorter term auctions combined expected secondary market capacity bring access international capacity line needs market way market able adjust rapidly changes local conditions thereby work correlate pricing points increasing competition players secured access itc given price looking sign supply contracts integrate capacity structured deals result could aggressive maneuvering part incumbents new entrants alike resulting greater competition national level reducing competitiveness imports results international transmission capacity auctions determine competitiveness imported power domestic markets final prices offered itc reflect relative cost power markets work make cheaper power expensive import spurring investment transmission money raised auction could provide transmission companies financial capability invest upgrading international transmission links access international transmission capacity netherlands germany belgium auctioned million euros see http www tso auction org details auctions access spain france italy expected realize premium access highly coveted markets connecting rather integrating markets auctions national grids accurately commercial grids pragmatic approach problem granting access scarce international transmission capacity open transparent basis auctions open access interconnectors time reward transmission system operators even proposed approaches likely satisfy market players stated objectives european policymakers cera view following issues may eventually bring hammer itc auctions third party transit bilateral nature itc auctions perpetrates problem tariff pancaking discriminates trade involving transit third grid ultimately inconsistent european commission objective single european power market fact physical power flows follow contractual flows almost always transit third party grids weakens legitimacy approach transaction based scheme although still transactional nature tied specific deal auctions fall within european commission stated preference market based mechanisms allocating international transmission capacity remains seen successful approach achieving integration national markets action european level could move allocation itc direction nontransactional mechanisms market splitting counter trading redispatching gaming auctions auctions theory allocate access transmission nondiscriminatory market basis value practice remains seen gaming avoided even though auctions placed limits ownership transmission capacity tactical maneuvers could bid transmission prices players act raise price imported power allocating auction proceeds one likely outcome auctions transfer profits players transmission owners recoup rents currently reaped players works raise value transmission assets relative generation suppliers traders remains seen funds auctions allocated among transmission companies grid transmission still currently subject monopoly regulation end come shoot rapids us ceraweek shooting rapids strategies risks energy future houston february information register please visit http www cera com ceraweek make changes cera com account go forgot username password go http www cera com client forgot electronic message attachments contain information cambridge energy research associates inc cera confidential may privileged unauthorized disclosure copying distribution use contents message attachments whole part strictly prohibited terms use http www cera com tos questions comments webmaster cera com copyright cambridge energy research associates
"Subject: re : risk magazine - enron sponsored issue on energy derivatives  yes , i will have sam send him two copies .  sam : can you send the below enron employee 2 copies of "" the book ""  thanks !  vince j kaminski  02 / 28 / 2000 08 : 21 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : risk magazine - enron sponsored issue on energy derivatives  shirley ,  do we still have some copies left ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 28 / 2000  08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gopalakrishnan subramaniam @ enron _ development  02 / 25 / 2000 11 : 24 pm  sent by : subramaniam gopalakrishnan @ enron _ development  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : risk magazine - enron sponsored issue on energy derivatives  i have recently come on board as treasurer , enron india . prior to joining ,  i was with reliance industries , a petrochemical conglomerate in india .  the central banking authorities are now thinking of permitting  corporates to hedge their oil and other related risks . i believe the  literature published  by risk in collaboration with enron has come to be considered as an  industry standard . would it be possible to arrange for two copies to be sent  across to us .  thanx n regards  g . subramaniam  treasurer ,  enron india pvt . ltd .  36 , maker chambers vi ,  nariman point ,  mumbai 400 021",0,risk magazine enron sponsored issue energy derivatives yes sam send two copies sam send enron employee copies book thanks vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject risk magazine enron sponsored issue energy derivatives shirley still copies left vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect gopalakrishnan subramaniam enron development pm sent subramaniam gopalakrishnan enron development vince j kaminski ect cc subject risk magazine enron sponsored issue energy derivatives recently come board treasurer enron india prior joining reliance industries petrochemical conglomerate india central banking authorities thinking permitting corporates hedge oil related risks believe literature published risk collaboration enron come considered industry standard would possible arrange two copies sent across us thanx n regards g subramaniam treasurer enron india pvt ltd maker chambers vi nariman point mumbai
"Subject: baxter 16 oct . please review the following ticketed itinerary  vince ,  attached is a copy of my agenda for today ' s trip to berkeley . also , my cell  phone number is 281 - 793 - 0567 .  thanks ,  ashley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ashley baxter / corp / enron on 10 / 16 / 2000  08 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  diane fitzgerald on 10 / 13 / 2000 05 : 36 : 50 pm  to : "" ' ashley baxter @ 7136463011 ' ""  cc : "" ' ashley . baxter @ enron . com ' ""  subject : baxter 16 oct . please review the following ticketed itinerary  baxter / ashley  eb 3614  etkt receipt  enron broadband services  date : oct 13 2000  service date from to depart arrive  continental airlines 16 oct houston tx san f ca 1155 a 158 p  co 1511 y mon g . bush interco san francisco  terminal c terminal s  snack non stop  reservation confirmed 4 : 03 duration  aircraft : mcdonnell douglas all md - 80 series  seat 09 d no smoking confirmed baxter / ashley ( i  continental airlines 17 oct oakland ca houston tx 630 a 1229 p  co 1720 y tue international g . bush interco  terminal 1 terminal c  snack non stop  reservation confirmed 3 : 59 duration  aircraft : boeing 737 - 500  seat 07 a no smoking confirmed baxter / ashley ( i  aisle seat unavailable . req again at ck in . window confirmed  your etkt confirmation number is : m x n c v t  miscellaneous 16 dec houston tx  sat * * thank you for using the tap * *  reservation number ( s ) co / mxncvt  baxter / ashley soc 083 erl 028  co frequent flyer cofcl 37772  ashley baxter 713 853 - 3589  intl tvlrs : carry sos wallet card w / enronassistance info  call sos : in u . s 800 523 - 6586 / intl 215 245 - 4707 ( collect )  this is the passenger receipt for your electronic ticket .  please check - in with photo identification and with  either ( 1 ) this receipt or ( 2 ) your confirmation number .  your etkt confirmation number is : m x n c v t  regards ,  diana fitzgerald  ( 713 ) 650 - 8080 ext . 1152  ( 713 ) 860 - 1152 - direct line  the travel agency in the park",0,baxter oct please review following ticketed itinerary vince attached copy agenda today trip berkeley also cell phone number thanks ashley forwarded ashley baxter corp enron diane fitzgerald pm ashley baxter cc ashley baxter enron com subject baxter oct please review following ticketed itinerary baxter ashley eb etkt receipt enron broadband services date oct service date depart arrive continental airlines oct houston tx san f ca p co mon g bush interco san francisco terminal c terminal snack non stop reservation confirmed duration aircraft mcdonnell douglas md series seat smoking confirmed baxter ashley continental airlines oct oakland ca houston tx p co tue international g bush interco terminal terminal c snack non stop reservation confirmed duration aircraft boeing seat smoking confirmed baxter ashley aisle seat unavailable req ck window confirmed etkt confirmation number x n c v miscellaneous dec houston tx sat thank using tap reservation number co mxncvt baxter ashley soc erl co frequent flyer cofcl ashley baxter intl tvlrs carry sos wallet card w enronassistance info call sos u intl collect passenger receipt electronic ticket please check photo identification either receipt confirmation number etkt confirmation number x n c v regards diana fitzgerald ext direct line travel agency park
"Subject: for your information  this is going to be our absolute notice  we have attempted to drop a line to you on a lot times and now is the time to respond !  your current home loan enables you for up to a 3 . 60 % lower rate .  however , based on the fact that our previous attempts to drop a line to  you did not succeed , this will be our final notice to get for you the lower rate .  please finalize this final step upon receiving  this notice immediately , and complete your request for information now .  application here .  if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so .",1,information going absolute notice attempted drop line lot times time respond current home loan enables lower rate however based fact previous attempts drop line succeed final notice get lower rate please finalize final step upon receiving notice immediately complete request information application decision make use final offer going help
"Subject: re : research and development charges to gpg  vera :  in studying the below information , if i am understanding it correctly , only  $ 199 . 7 was to be reversed back to the research group and it should  have occurred in july . do you not notice this entry either ?  please let me know .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000  10 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  08 / 10 / 2000 02 : 25 pm  to : vera apodaca / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : research and development charges to gpg  vera ,  we shall talk to the accounting group about the correction .  vince  08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm  vera apodaca @ enron  vera apodaca @ enron  vera apodaca @ enron  08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm  08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm  to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : research and development charges to gpg  per mail dated june 15 from kim watson , there was supposed to have occurred  a true - up of $ 274 . 7 in july for the fist six months of 2000 . reviewing july  actuals , i was not able to locate this entry . would you pls let me know  whether this entry was made , if not , when do you intend to process it .  thanks .",0,research development charges gpg vera studying information understanding correctly reversed back research group occurred july notice entry either please let know thanks shirley crenshaw forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski pm vera apodaca et enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect subject research development charges gpg vera shall talk accounting group correction vince pm vera apodaca enron vera apodaca enron vera apodaca enron pm pm pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject research development charges gpg per mail dated june kim watson supposed occurred true july fist six months reviewing july actuals able locate entry would pls let know whether entry made intend process thanks
"Subject: your in - home source of health information  same medicine , different price !  never go to bed mad . stay up and fight .  it is in justice that the ordering of society is centered .  usenet is like tetris for people who still remember how to read .  when the going gets weird , the weird turn pro .",1,home source health information medicine different price never go bed mad stay fight justice ordering society centered usenet like tetris people still remember read going gets weird weird turn pro
"Subject: announcing tff 2000  happy new year ! just a note to announce the dates for this years texas  finance festival . this year we are meeting earlier in april , in san  antonio , and start the program on friday . please put the date on you  calendar and send in your registration forms asap as space at the  conference is limited . i also encourage you to register with the hotel  immediately as we were able to reserve only a limited number of rooms at  the reduced conference rate .  hope to see you all there ! more fun in texas .  john  - announcerev . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,announcing tff happy new year note announce dates years texas finance festival year meeting earlier april san antonio start program friday please put date calendar send registration forms asap space conference limited also encourage register hotel immediately able reserve limited number rooms reduced conference rate hope see fun texas john announcerev doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: kit torre empilhadeira savi  santos , junho de 2 . 005  sua empresa possui empilhadeira hyster de 07 ton .  e  10 ton . .  ent?o preste aten??o , abaixo est?o 03 kits de pe?as que  ir?o ajudar bastante sua vida .  kit 001 - ( torre e quadro hyster h 150 j ( 07  ton . ) ) .  comp?e este kit . :  08 - 196445 top que vai  soldado na torre  08 - 193557 rolete  completo  02 - 110520 rolete maior  completo  02 -  61463 roldana da  corrente ( completo com rolamento )  kit 002  ( torre e quadro hyster h 225 ( 10 ton ) ) .  comp?e este kit .  08 - 125223 rolete  principal da torre e quadro completo  08 - 257853 eixo curto  ( que vai soldado na torre e quadro )  08 - 125217 conjunto  rolete lateral completo  08 - 125219 pino do  rolete lateral  08 - 125220 suporte  especial em a?o  02 - 61463  roldana da torre completa com rolamentos  02 - 270063 eixo do rolamento superior  torre fixa  02 - 87905 rolamento  superior da torre fixa  kit 003 ( tra??o hyster h 225 ( 10  ton . ) ) .  comp?e este kit  02 - 810810 roda  dentada  02 - 810348 roda  dentada  02 - 304735 corrente  de tra??o  nossos kit cont?m todos os ?tens de reposi??o que devem  ser substituidos , em uma reforma  de seu subconjunto , sem reaproveitamento de pe?as meia  boca , para que seu equipamento  n?o quebre na hora em que voc? mais  precisa .  consulte - nos tamb?m sob roletes e roldanas da torre com  c?digo original do fabricante .  torres , quadros de eleva??o e eixos direcionais novos e a  base de troca  obs . : todos os ?tens acima s?o de nossa fabrica??o  .  fabricamos tamb?m ?tens sob desenho ou amostra  tais como :  cilindros hidr?ulicos de equipamentos importados e de grande  porte , semi - eixos , entalhados , pinos , buchas , engrenagens e  etc . .  estamos desde j? aguardando vosso  contato .  sds  hailson savi / / depto vendas  savi com?rcio e ind?stria de pe?as  telfax oxxl 3 32357817  tel oxxl 3 32342055  mail  hailson . savi @ terra . com . br  obs : voc? est?  recebendo este e - mail porque est? cadastrado para tal . caso voc? n?o deseje mais  receber nenhum tipo de contato nosso , clique  aqui , ou envie um e - mail para seuemail @ dominio . com com o assunto  remover .",1,kit torre empilhadeira savi santos junho de sua empresa possui empilhadeira hyster de ton e ton ento preste ateno abaixo esto kits de peas que iro ajudar bastante sua vida kit torre e quadro hyster h j ton compe este kit top que vai soldado na torre rolete completo rolete maior completo roldana da corrente completo com rolamento kit torre e quadro hyster h ton compe este kit rolete principal da torre e quadro completo eixo curto que vai soldado na torre e quadro conjunto rolete lateral completo pino rolete lateral suporte especial em ao roldana da torre completa com rolamentos eixo rolamento superior torre fixa rolamento superior da torre fixa kit trao hyster h ton compe este kit roda dentada roda dentada corrente de trao nossos kit contm todos os tens de reposio que devem ser substituidos em uma reforma de seu subconjunto sem reaproveitamento de peas meia boca para que seu equipamento quebre na hora em que voc mais precisa consulte nos tambm sob roletes e roldanas da torre com cdigo original fabricante torres quadros de elevao e eixos direcionais novos e base de troca obs todos os tens acima de nossa fabricao fabricamos tambm tens sob desenho ou amostra tais como cilindros hidrulicos de equipamentos importados e de grande porte semi eixos entalhados pinos buchas engrenagens e etc estamos desde j aguardando vosso contato sds hailson savi depto vendas savi comrcio e indstria de peas telfax oxxl tel oxxl mail hailson savi terra com br obs voc est recebendo este e mail porque est cadastrado para tal caso voc deseje mais receber nenhum tipo de contato nosso clique aqui ou envie um e mail para seuemail dominio com com assunto remover
"Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  vince ,  thank you for forwarding the following messages . i am sorry that i am just  now getting back to you , my lotus notes was down all afternoon yesterday .  we currently have the cal berkeley general presentation set for wednesday ,  october 18 th at 7 : 00 p . m . which works out well because it is just prior to  the time deadline for students to submit their resumes . the general  presentation is a general overview of enron , the program , the interview  process , as well as a chance for students to meet and chat with enron reps .  since this is the first year that we are recruiting from cal berkeley , i  think that it is important that i attend this event on campus so that i can  answer any interview process questions . i will check the schedule and see if  it is possible to move the presentation to the 23 rd . the only negative is  that i will not be able to attend because i will be conducting interviews at  rice that day . also , it is very difficult to find a location to hold the  presentation , and i need to check on location availability on the 23 rd .  however , i do think that we should take advantage of the seminar on campus .  this may mean that they are two seperate trips to campus . perhaps , we can  also set up some other presentations for the 23 rd or even the monday prior .  although i would like to be able to attend the class / seminar presentations , i  don ' t think that it is as vital as the general presentation .  what are your thoughts ?  thanks ,  ashley  vince j kaminski @ ect  08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 58 am  to : "" shmuel oren ""  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  shmuel ,  thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley baxter ,  to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd  if this date works for the rest of our team .  vince  "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  dear vince .  i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you about the  date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you can  schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a seminar  which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty and will  give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with sufficient  lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their financial  engineering students .  shmuel .  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to : ; ;  sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am  subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > shmuel ,  >  > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian , a  > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , among  > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical  > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give you a  > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague ,  > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join me  > as well .  >  > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / associate  > program .  >  > vince kaminski  >  >  > vincent kaminski  > managing director - research  > enron corp .  > 1400 smith street  > room ebl 962  > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  >",0,hello vince kaminski enron vince thank forwarding following messages sorry getting back lotus notes afternoon yesterday currently cal berkeley general presentation set wednesday october th p works well prior time deadline students submit resumes general presentation general overview enron program interview process well chance students meet chat enron reps since first year recruiting cal berkeley think important attend event campus answer interview process questions check schedule see possible move presentation rd negative able attend conducting interviews rice day also difficult find location hold presentation need check location availability rd however think take advantage seminar campus may mean two seperate trips campus perhaps also set presentations rd even monday prior although would like able attend class seminar presentations think vital general presentation thoughts thanks ashley vince j kaminski ect shmuel oren cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect ashley baxter corp enron enron subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel thanks message working recruiter ashley baxter finalize date trip shall shoot october rd date works rest team vince shmuel oren vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject hello vince kaminski enron dear vince sent reply earlier month heard date visit department seminar every monday schedule visit monday would like invite give seminar attended many graduate students faculty give opportunity tell program sufficient lead time advertise seminar hass school financial engineering students shmuel shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message sent tuesday august subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel hope remember visited together aram sogomonian good friend mine years ago currently responsible among things recruiting graduates finance technical backgrounds university berkeley would glad give call talk details program colleague ashleybaxter analyst associate program enron would join well sending copy brochure analyst associate program vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: var  david ,  during today ' s var coordination meeting we had a discussion of issues  related to mapping of the forward price curves into core locations .  mapping is a necessity dictated by the limitations of the computer system :  we have to reduce the dimensionality of the problem to stay within the bounds  of available cpu memory . also , in some cases the quality of price discovery is poor  and it ' s difficult to model the price curves independently : we solve the problem by mapping  them into more liquid and better behaved core locations curves .  we have agreed on the following :  1 . winston will investigate the it side and determine to what extent we can increase the number  of forward price curves that are simulated as basic ( core ) curves . he will investigate the impact of a larger  number of the core curves on the time required to complete the var run .  2 . the curves associated with the biggest 10 - 20 positions in each commodity should be  modeled as core curves ( i . e . no mapping into other locations ) . it makes sense to monitor  the biggest risks separately and avoid aggregating them into less transparent aggregates .  3 . the results of an automated clustering ( mapping ) procedures should be systematically  monitored by a human and corrected if they misrepresent the risks of the trading positions .  this responsibility should be vested with one person ( right now the responsibility is  dispersed through the organization and this means in practice that nobody  is responsible ) . research can allocate one person to this task ;  cooperation of trading and rac will be critical .  vince",0,var david today var coordination meeting discussion issues related mapping forward price curves core locations mapping necessity dictated limitations computer system reduce dimensionality problem stay within bounds available cpu memory also cases quality price discovery poor difficult model price curves independently solve problem mapping liquid better behaved core locations curves agreed following winston investigate side determine extent increase number forward price curves simulated basic core curves investigate impact larger number core curves time required complete var run curves associated biggest positions commodity modeled core curves e mapping locations makes sense monitor biggest risks separately avoid aggregating less transparent aggregates results automated clustering mapping procedures systematically monitored human corrected misrepresent risks trading positions responsibility vested one person right responsibility dispersed organization means practice nobody responsible research allocate one person task cooperation trading rac critical vince
"Subject: in financial planning time is your friend  we offer personalized  services designed to fit your investment strategies  with over 20 years of experience , commitment and service .  in financial planning , time is your friend and your enemy .  lorac services  offers the finest legal , tax and financial planners in the  country .  let us help you achieve peace of mind in a volatile marketplace .  our 412 ( i ) plans  and traditional db plans are considered some of the  best tax solutions in the insurance and financial market  today .  services we offer  qualified retirement plans  1 . defined benefit plan  2 . profit - sharing plan  3 . defined contribution plan  4 . 401 k  individual insurance  1 . life insurance  2 . annuities  non qualified  retirement plans  1 . business insurance  a . key person  b . business life insurance  c . buy - sell agreements  visit our web site at  http : / / www . loracservices . com / ",1,financial planning time friend offer personalized services designed fit investment strategies years experience commitment service financial planning time friend enemy lorac services offers finest legal tax financial planners country let us help achieve peace mind volatile marketplace plans traditional db plans considered best tax solutions insurance financial market today services offer qualified retirement plans defined benefit plan profit sharing plan defined contribution plan k individual insurance life insurance annuities non qualified retirement plans business insurance key person b business life insurance c buy sell agreements visit web site http www loracservices com
"Subject: corp and muni bonds  here ' s what i found . pls let me know if i can help you with anything . i  checked on the bonds that we spoke with you about earlier . the call date was  in august so i just passed on it . these look pretty good .  thanks , julie  - kaminsky 2 . doc",0,corp muni bonds found pls let know help anything checked bonds spoke earlier call date august passed look pretty good thanks julie kaminsky doc
"Subject: call for papers : the international joint conferences on computer ,  information and systems sciences and engineering cisse 05  if you received this email in error , please forward it to the appropriate department at your institution  please do not reply to this message , your reply will not be received . if you need to contact us , please email us at info @ cisse 2005 . org  * international joint conferences on computer , information , *  * and systems sciences , and engineering ( cisse 05 ) *  * *  * *  * http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org *  * *  * *  * *  december 10 - 20 , 2005  sponsored by :  institute of electrical & electronics engineers ( ieee )  university of bridgeport  conference overview  cisse 05 provides a virtual forum for presentation and discussion of the  state - of the - art research on computers , information and systems sciences and  engineering . the virtual conference will be conducted through the internet  using web - conferencing tools , made available by the conference .  authors will be presenting their powerpoint , audio or video presentations  using web - conferencing tools without the need for travel . conference  sessions will be broadcast to all the conference participants , where session  participants can interact with the presenter during the presentation and  ( or ) during the q & a slot that follows the presentation .  this international conference will be held entirely on - line . the accepted and  presented papers will be made available after the conference both on a cd and  as a book publication .  conference participants - authors , presenters and attendees - only need an  internet connection and sound available on their computers in order to be  able to contribute and participate in this international ground - breaking  conference .  the on - line structure of this high - quality event will allow academic  professionals and industry participants to contribute work and attend  world - class technical presentations based on rigorously refereed  submissions , live , without the need for investing significant travel funds  or time out of the office .  potential non - author conference attendees who cannot make the on - line  conference dates are encouraged to register , as the entire joint conferences  will be archived for future viewing .  please feel free to download the call for papers at :  http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / cfpcisseo 5 . doc ( microsoft word format ) or  http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / cfpcisseo 5 . pdf ( adobe pdf format )  cisse 05 is composed of the following four conferences :  * international conference on industrial electronics , technology  & automation ( ieta 05 )  topics : advanced and distributed control systems , intelligent control  systems ( nn , fl , ga , . etc ) , expert systems , man machine interaction , data  fusion , factory automation , robotics , motion control , machine vision , mems  sensors and actuators , sensors fusion , power electronics , high frequency  converters , motors and drives , power converters , power devices and  components , electric vehicles and intelligent transportation , process  automation , factory communication , manufacturing information system advances  in manufacturing systems , industrial applications of multi media ,  intelligent systems instrumentation , industrial instrumentation , modeling  and simulation , signal processing , image and data processing , vr and  parallel systems .  conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / ieta . aspx  * international conference on telecommunications and networking ( teneo 5 )  topics : optical networks and switching , computer networks , network  architectures and equipment , access technologies , telecommunication  technology , coding and modulation technique , modeling and simulation , spread  spectrum and cdma systems , ofdm technology , space - time coding , ultra  wideband communications , medium access control , spread spectrum , wireless  lan : ieee 802 . 11 , hiperlan , bluetooth , cellular wireless networks , cordless  systems and wireless local loop , mobile network layer , mobile transport  layer , support for mobility , conventional encryption and message  confidentiality , block ciphers design principles , block ciphers modes of  operation , public - key cryptography and message authentication ,  authentication application , stenography , electronic mail security , web  security , ip security , firewalls , computer forensics .  conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / tene . aspx  * international conference on systems , computing sciences and software  engineering ( scss 05 )  topics : grid computing , internet - based computing models , resource discovery ,  programming models and tools , e - science and virtual instrumentation ,  biometric authentication , computers for people of special needs , human  computer interaction , information and knowledge engineering , algorithms ,  parallel and distributed processing , modeling and simulation , services and  applications , embedded systems and applications , databases , programming  languages , signal processing theory and methods , signal processing for  communication , signal processing architectures and implementation ,  information processing , geographical information systems ,  object based software engineering , parallel and distributed computing , real  time systems multiprocessing , file systems and i / o , kernel and os structures .  conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / scss . aspx  * international conference on engineering education , instructional  technology , assessment , and e - learning ( eiae 05 )  topics : instructional design , accreditation , curriculum design , educational  tools , 2 - 2 - 2 platforms , teaching capstone design , teaching design at the  lower levels , design and development of e - learning tools , assessment methods  in engineering , development and implementation of e - learning tools ,  economical and social impacts of e - learning , platforms and systems for  k - 12 / industry and higher education cooperation .  conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / eiae . aspx  paper submission  prospective authors are invited to submit full papers electronically in  microsoft word or pdf format through the website of each conference at  http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org . accepted papers must be presented in the virtual  conference by one of the authors .  to submit your paper , visit http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / author / submit . aspx or  visit the individual conference pages .  important dates  paper submission : september 30 , 2005  notification of acceptance : october 28 , 2005  final manuscript and registration : november 18 , 2005  cisse 2005 66 glenbrook rd stamford , ct 06902 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .",1,call papers international joint conferences computer information systems sciences engineering cisse received email error please forward appropriate department institution please reply message reply received need contact us please email us info cisse org international joint conferences computer information systems sciences engineering cisse http www cisse org december sponsored institute electrical electronics engineers ieee university bridgeport conference overview cisse provides virtual forum presentation discussion state art research computers information systems sciences engineering virtual conference conducted internet using web conferencing tools made available conference authors presenting powerpoint audio video presentations using web conferencing tools without need travel conference sessions broadcast conference participants session participants interact presenter presentation q slot follows presentation international conference held entirely line accepted presented papers made available conference cd book publication conference participants authors presenters attendees need internet connection sound available computers order able contribute participate international ground breaking conference line structure high quality event allow academic professionals industry participants contribute work attend world class technical presentations based rigorously refereed submissions live without need investing significant travel funds time office potential non author conference attendees make line conference dates encouraged register entire joint conferences archived future viewing please feel free download call papers http www cisse org cfpcisseo doc microsoft word format http www cisse org cfpcisseo pdf adobe pdf format cisse composed following four conferences international conference industrial electronics technology automation ieta topics advanced distributed control systems intelligent control systems nn fl ga etc expert systems man machine interaction data fusion factory automation robotics motion control machine vision mems sensors actuators sensors fusion power electronics high frequency converters motors drives power converters power devices components electric vehicles intelligent transportation process automation factory communication manufacturing information system advances manufacturing systems industrial applications multi media intelligent systems instrumentation industrial instrumentation modeling simulation signal processing image data processing vr parallel systems conference page http www cisse org ieta aspx international conference telecommunications networking teneo topics optical networks switching computer networks network architectures equipment access technologies telecommunication technology coding modulation technique modeling simulation spread spectrum cdma systems ofdm technology space time coding ultra wideband communications medium access control spread spectrum wireless lan ieee hiperlan bluetooth cellular wireless networks cordless systems wireless local loop mobile network layer mobile transport layer support mobility conventional encryption message confidentiality block ciphers design principles block ciphers modes operation public key cryptography message authentication authentication application stenography electronic mail security web security ip security firewalls computer forensics conference page http www cisse org tene aspx international conference systems computing sciences software engineering scss topics grid computing internet based computing models resource discovery programming models tools e science virtual instrumentation biometric authentication computers people special needs human computer interaction information knowledge engineering algorithms parallel distributed processing modeling simulation services applications embedded systems applications databases programming languages signal processing theory methods signal processing communication signal processing architectures implementation information processing geographical information systems object based software engineering parallel distributed computing real time systems multiprocessing file systems kernel os structures conference page http www cisse org scss aspx international conference engineering education instructional technology assessment e learning eiae topics instructional design accreditation curriculum design educational tools platforms teaching capstone design teaching design lower levels design development e learning tools assessment methods engineering development implementation e learning tools economical social impacts e learning platforms systems k industry higher education cooperation conference page http www cisse org eiae aspx paper submission prospective authors invited submit full papers electronically microsoft word pdf format website conference http www cisse org accepted papers must presented virtual conference one authors submit paper visit http www cisse org author submit aspx visit individual conference pages important dates paper submission september notification acceptance october final manuscript registration november cisse glenbrook rd stamford ct e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: ms 2003 software titles available for download  opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 adobe photoshop 9 . 03 windows xp pro 4 adobe acrobat 7 pro 5 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 norton antivirus 20058 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe illustrator 11 see more by this manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 86 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : 3 ff 9 kuc sales rank : # 1 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 15177 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : zxghlajf sales rank : # 2 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1148 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ho 7 urce sales rank : # 3 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 195546 reviews . write a review . adobe acrobat professional v 7 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : pl 92 bohsg sales rank : # 4 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 156489 reviews . write a review .",1,ms software titles available download opt email special offer unsubscribe search software top new titles sale office pro adobe photoshop windows xp pro adobe acrobat pro flash mx corel draw norton antivirus windows server alias maya wavefrtl adobe illustrator see manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought items microsoft office professional edition microsoftchoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ff kuc sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review adobe photoshop cs v adobechoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code zxghlajf sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review microsoft windows xp professional longhorn edition microsoftchoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ho urce sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review adobe acrobat professional v adobechoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code pl bohsg sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review
"Subject: benchmarking study  sally ,  i gave you some time ago a brochure on this benchmarking study request .  they renewed their request for enron ' s participation .  what is your view on this ? do you think the benefits of knowing what ' s  going on offset the loss due information released and time spent on the  project .  my recommendation is to forget it .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 03 / 2001  03 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" theresa sanders "" on 12 / 27 / 2000 01 : 32 : 18 pm  to :  cc :  subject : benchmarking study  dear vince ,  peter nance and i wanted to follow - up our discussion of enron ' s participation  in our benchmarking study . have you discussed enron ' s participation in the  project with your colleagues ?  here is a small sample set of metrics that were taken from a comprehensive  list of over 700 metrics . the study group will decide which metrics to use .  with eei ' s credibility and teknecon ' s technical expertise , we intend to  become the industry standard in benchmarking . we would very much like to  have enron participate in the study .  i would be happy to set up another meeting with you and your colleagues with  peter nance if you think that would be helpful .  best regards ,  theresa sanders  director of business development  alliance of energy suppliers  edison electric institute  tel : 202 - 508 - 5183  - eei metrics - short list . xls  - ebrochure . doc  - riskbenc . ppt",0,benchmarking study sally gave time ago brochure benchmarking study request renewed request enron participation view think benefits knowing going offset loss due information released time spent project recommendation forget vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm theresa sanders pm cc subject benchmarking study dear vince peter nance wanted follow discussion enron participation benchmarking study discussed enron participation project colleagues small sample set metrics taken comprehensive list metrics study group decide metrics use eei credibility teknecon technical expertise intend become industry standard benchmarking would much like enron participate study would happy set another meeting colleagues peter nance think would helpful best regards theresa sanders director business development alliance energy suppliers edison electric institute tel eei metrics short list xls ebrochure doc riskbenc ppt
"Subject: informs - maui  hi steve :  good to hear from you and hope you are liking your new role at u . of  maryland . i would like to come but i am not sure if i will be able to make it  to this conference . i will forward your message to my colleagues and ask them  to contact you if they are interested .  thanks ,  krishna .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  12 / 12 / 2000 12 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  steve gabriel on 12 / 11 / 2000 10 : 52 : 21 am  to : pkrishn @ ect . enron . com  cc :  subject : informs - maui  krishna :  how are you doing ? i wanted to let you know my new address , i ' m now at the  university of maryland . also , in my role as energy cluster chair for the  maui , hawaii informs conference ( june 17 - 20 , 2001 ) , i am looking for either  session chairs or speakers . perhaps you may know of some interested  individuals ? i am also running a session on optimization and equilibrium  modeling in energy , please send interested speakers ( or possible session  chairs to me ) . thanks .  - steve gabriel  steven a . gabriel , ph . d .  assistant professor , project management program  http : / / www . cee . umd . edu / prog / projmgt . html  director , optimization & equilibrium studies , center for technology and  systems management http : / / ctsm . umd . edu /  contact information :  department of civil and environmental engineering  1143 glenn l . martin hall  university of maryland  college park , maryland 20742 - 3021  sgabriel @ eng . umd . edu  tel . ( 301 ) 405 - 3242  fax ( 301 ) 405 - 2585 ",0,informs maui hi steve good hear hope liking new role u maryland would like come sure able make conference forward message colleagues ask contact interested thanks krishna forwarded pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect pm steve gabriel pkrishn ect enron com cc subject informs maui krishna wanted let know new address university maryland also role energy cluster chair maui hawaii informs conference june looking either session chairs speakers perhaps may know interested individuals also running session optimization equilibrium modeling energy please send interested speakers possible session chairs thanks steve gabriel steven gabriel ph assistant professor project management program http www cee umd edu prog projmgt html director optimization equilibrium studies center technology systems management http ctsm umd edu contact information department civil environmental engineering glenn l martin hall university maryland college park maryland sgabriel eng umd edu tel fax
"Subject: re : congratulations  thanks .  vince j kaminski @ ect  01 / 11 / 2000 08 : 01 am  to : richard shapiro / hou / ees @ ees  cc :  subject : congratulations  rick ,  i have just looked at the memo regarding promotions .  congratulations - well deserved .  vince",0,congratulations thanks vince j kaminski ect richard shapiro hou ees ees cc subject congratulations rick looked memo regarding promotions congratulations well deserved vince
"Subject: re : statistician from rice  osman ,  this guy is too much .  i would tell him that we understand  that he has to make the best choice  for himself and can change his mind but at this point we treat  his decision as final but we still appreciate the interest he showed  in enron .  we never had any luck hiring a statistician .  maybe we shall get one some day .  vince  osman sezgen @ ees  04 / 20 / 2001 11 : 54 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : statistician from rice  i had a message on my phone this morning from william indicating that  he had changed his mind and will be taking another job . he also mentions that  the other organization will give him time to publish his thesis and he  assumes  enron would not do that .  i am inclined to give up on him but wanted to get your input before doing so .  osman",0,statistician rice osman guy much would tell understand make best choice change mind point treat decision final still appreciate interest showed enron never luck hiring statistician maybe shall get one day vince osman sezgen ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect cc subject statistician rice message phone morning william indicating changed mind taking another job also mentions organization give time publish thesis assumes enron would inclined give wanted get input osman
"Subject: holidays are coming ?  help wanted . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , that is  growing at a tremendous rate . we are looking for individuals who  want to work from home .  this is an opportunity to make an excellent income . no experience  is required . we will train you .  so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has  vast opportunities , then go :  http : / / ter . netblah . com : 8080  we are looking for energetic and self motivated people . if that is you  than click on the link and fill out the form , and one of our  employment specialist will contact you .  to be removed from our link simple go to :  http : / / ter . netblah . com : 8080 / remove . html ",1,holidays coming help wanted year old fortune company growing tremendous rate looking individuals want work home opportunity make excellent income experience required train looking employed home career vast opportunities go http ter netblah com looking energetic self motivated people click link fill form one employment specialist contact removed link simple go http ter netblah com remove html
"Subject: re : summer internship position  hi vince , paulo oleira ( one of the m . i . t attending our meeting on wed ) ' s  research interest turned out to be a match for april hodgeson ( vp of content  origination ) . i had him talk to april ( stinson was on the call as well ) to  discuss his research interest and what he would likely to do for april . i  suggested ( and april agrees ) that paulo would intern with her and matt and  perform research on how end users ( consumers and business ) improved  experience with epowered content can be quantified . this may include  performing control experiments at m . i . t . we decided not to over specify what  he would do since it is likely to change as soon as he arrives . i suggested  once he starts , he will work with april and matt harris ( vp enterprise  origination ) and they will define what the student needs to complete for the  internship .  addiontionally , tom gros agrees that this type of research are needed and  this is a great way to start .  i will proceed to have recruiting contact the student with an offer to start  around may 22 , 2000 unless someone tells me otherwise .  regards ,  ravi .  p . s . charlene , please include paulo in your may 22 , 2000 start group . paulo  will report to me within ebs research group but will work on a day - to - day  basis with april and matt . as you ' ve mentioned that compensation is somewhat  fixed but please keep in mind that this person is a phd candidate with very  specialized skill set . please contact vince before extending an offer that  may be too low , etc .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 17 / 00 09 : 27  am - - - - -  charlene jackson @ enron  02 / 17 / 00 08 : 25 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ravi  thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications @ ect  subject : re : summer internship position  celeste ,  we need to make sure that the interns in vince ' s group are coordinated and  incorporated with the rest of the summer associates . they should be offered  the same starting dates , i believe they are may 22 , 2000 june 5 , 2000 . i am  not sure about the june date . would you check and let vince know . they  should also be offered the same starting salary package as the others . they  will be included in training ( a few days ) and any other events we host .  thanks",0,summer internship position hi vince paulo oleira one attending meeting wed research interest turned match april hodgeson vp content origination talk april stinson call well discuss research interest would likely april suggested april agrees paulo would intern matt perform research end users consumers business improved experience epowered content quantified may include performing control experiments decided specify would since likely change soon arrives suggested starts work april matt harris vp enterprise origination define student needs complete internship addiontionally tom gros agrees type research needed great way start proceed recruiting contact student offer start around may unless someone tells otherwise regards ravi p charlene please include paulo may start group paulo report within ebs research group work day day basis april matt mentioned compensation somewhat fixed please keep mind person phd candidate specialized skill set please contact vince extending offer may low etc forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications charlene jackson enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc celeste roberts hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications ect subject summer internship position celeste need make sure interns vince group coordinated incorporated rest summer associates offered starting dates believe may june sure june date would check let vince know also offered starting salary package others included training days events host thanks
"Subject: evaluation form  mike ,  please , sign and return to me .  vince",0,evaluation form mike please sign return vince
Subject: re : nymex volumes for rebuttal  vince - i need these numbers by tomorrow am as we are at crunch time . thanks  - chris  margaret carson  09 / 27 / 2000 08 : 44 am  to : chris long / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : nymex volumes for rebuttal  chris i track physical volumes in markets not really financials . . . try  vince kaminski vp in ena ' s  research desk and his people will have this for you . . . . margaret,0,nymex volumes rebuttal vince need numbers tomorrow crunch time thanks chris margaret carson chris long corp enron enron cc subject nymex volumes rebuttal chris track physical volumes markets really financials try vince kaminski vp ena research desk people margaret
"Subject: cinergy monthly prices 1998 to date  margaret ,  please find attached file with cinergy prices ( last day of the month )  starting 1998 to date . i have also included daily price for the same period  just in case you might need it . the source of the data is megawatt daily  price survey . note that prices are given as common low and common high which  means that data was gathered through representative sample survey .  please let me know if you need any additional data .  regards ,  elena  vince j kaminski @ ect  02 / 27 / 2001 05 : 41 pm  to : elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron  cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , margaret  carson / corp / enron @ enron  subject : cinergy monthly prices 1998 to date  elena ,  can you , please , help wiht this request ?  kevin ,  please , call me if elena is not in the office on wednesday .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 27 / 2001  05 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  margaret carson @ enron  02 / 27 / 2001 09 : 15 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kathryn corbally / corp / enron @ enron  subject : cinergy monthly prices 1998 to date  from your historical databases can you kindly have someone send me and  kathleen corbally the 12 month ( either last day of month or monthly  average , whichever you have available ) cinergy prices for 1998 to  date . . . for an investor relations slide we are working on ? ? thanks a  lot . . . margaret",0,cinergy monthly prices date margaret please find attached file cinergy prices last day month starting date also included daily price period case might need source data megawatt daily price survey note prices given common low common high means data gathered representative sample survey please let know need additional data regards elena vince j kaminski ect pm elena chilkina corp enron enron cc kevin g moore hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect margaret carson corp enron enron subject cinergy monthly prices date elena please help wiht request kevin please call elena office wednesday vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm margaret carson enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc kathryn corbally corp enron enron subject cinergy monthly prices date historical databases kindly someone send kathleen corbally month either last day month monthly average whichever available cinergy prices date investor relations slide working thanks lot margaret
"Subject: hello  shirley ,  can you , please , call him and ask what would be best timing .  the last week of july would be best . i would like grant , alex , zimin , krishna  and stinson  to meet him .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000  08 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shijie deng on 06 / 29 / 2000 12 : 00 : 37 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : hello  hi vince ,  how are you . it was really a pleasure meeting you and talking to you at  the toronto energy derivative conference . thank you for speaking with  me about the possibility of visiting your research group . it will be  great if i could have such opportunity whenever you see your schedule  fits . i am very much open for the last week of july and early august .  i ' m looking forward to hearing from you soon .  best ,  shijie  shi - jie deng  assistant professor  school of isye  georgia institute of technology  office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519  e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng",0,hello shirley please call ask would best timing last week july would best would like grant alex zimin krishna stinson meet vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect shijie deng vkamins enron com cc subject hello hi vince really pleasure meeting talking toronto energy derivative conference thank speaking possibility visiting research group great could opportunity whenever see schedule fits much open last week july early august looking forward hearing soon best shijie shi jie deng assistant professor school isye georgia institute technology office phone e mail deng isye gatech edu home page http www isye gatech edu deng
"Subject: you ' ve won $ 100 , 000 . claim it now  dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . oprefi . net / ? id = j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , heather grant , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . iorefi . net / book . php",1,claim dear applicant review upon receiving application current mortgage qualifies rate new monthly payment low month loan please confirm information order us finalize loan may also apply new one complete final steps visiting http www oprefi net id j look foward hearing thank heather grant account managerlpc associates llc interested www iorefi net book php
"Subject: promotion for martin lin  sheila ,  a reminder about promoting martin lin from associate to manager . do we have  any leeway on his salary adjustment ? he is currently at 81 k , and i  understand that his new salary can be made retroactive to aug . 1 , 2000 .  thanks ,  stinson",0,promotion martin lin sheila reminder promoting martin lin associate manager leeway salary adjustment currently k understand new salary made retroactive aug thanks stinson
"Subject: re : improve communication  zimin ,  i will make sure that you have the opportunity to present your contributions .  it makes also sense to ask paulo every time to say a few words .  vince  zimin lu  06 / 22 / 2000 10 : 06 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : improve communication  vince ,  thanks for your reply . that is what i feel too : vince knows what we are  doing , so he does not have to ask us again .  in another dimension , i want to make sure that people like paulo get enough  incentive to perform . the group meeting , i  think , will provide a sense of accomplishment when other members in the group  know what we have been through .  thanks again for your understanding .  zimin  vince j kaminski  06 / 21 / 2000 06 : 30 pm  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : improve communication  zimin ,  sorry if you get this impression . the real reason is that i treat  the lunch meetings as an opportunity to get updates on things  that are going on at more remote locations . i interact with each of the  members of your group daily and i know what ' s going on .  i agree with you , however , that the lunch meetings are not exclusively  for my benefit , but also for the benefit of the other members of  the group . i shall make sure that you have the opportunity  to communicate your contribution to the company .  vince  zimin lu  06 / 20 / 2000 02 : 47 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : improve communication  vince and stinson ,  the valuation group has accomplished a lot during last six months . the  number of  projects we are working on is keeping increasing . however , when comes to the  staff meeting ( thursday lunch meeting ) , we are often left out for updating  our projects .  this makes me feel that what we are doing is no longer interesting or worth  mentioning .  i am hoping that we can get more exposure , despite we are still in the old  economy .  zimin",0,improve communication zimin make sure opportunity present contributions makes also sense ask paulo every time say words vince zimin lu vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect subject improve communication vince thanks reply feel vince knows ask us another dimension want make sure people like paulo get enough incentive perform group meeting think provide sense accomplishment members group know thanks understanding zimin vince j kaminski pm zimin lu hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect subject improve communication zimin sorry get impression real reason treat lunch meetings opportunity get updates things going remote locations interact members group daily know going agree however lunch meetings exclusively benefit also benefit members group shall make sure opportunity communicate contribution company vince zimin lu pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject improve communication vince stinson valuation group accomplished lot last six months number projects working keeping increasing however comes staff meeting thursday lunch meeting often left updating projects makes feel longer interesting worth mentioning hoping get exposure despite still old economy zimin
"Subject: resumes  charlene ,  i am sending you as promised the information i have about 3 of our summer  interns .  i shall fax you this morning two additional resumes i have in hard copy .  in the case of paulo rocha we don ' t have a formal  resume , just a letter from him with the summary of his skills .  thanks for your help . enron desperately needs this talent .  vince",0,resumes charlene sending promised information summer interns shall fax morning two additional resumes hard copy case paulo rocha formal resume letter summary skills thanks help enron desperately needs talent vince
"Subject: re : transition to research group - an update - anshuman shrivastava  molly : in order that i may proceed with the visa application for mr .  anshuman shrivastava , i will need from enron ' s h . r . department , the following  information :  a copy of a job offer letter / contract / assignment letter for his us position  with us salary  a job description of the position in the us  a salary range for that position  co # and cost center #  please let me have this at your earliest convenience .  many thanks  margaret  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 06 : 08 pm  to : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  once again , margaret , we are in your debt . vince , let ' s get together some  time next week and see where you would like us to go with this . . .  molly  margaret daffin  01 / 19 / 2001 03 : 27 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  molly : just to be sure that everyone understands , anshuman cannot work in  the us on a bl visa - he can only come here for business meetings and  training .  we will have to get him the ll visa in order for him to work in the us .  margaret  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 53 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  thank you so much for the information , vince . i hope that you have a great  weekend !  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 39 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  molly ,  i shall ask sandeep to do it when he comes back from india next week .  i have just learned that anshuman has bl visa and he can start on a project  as a person  delegated by dhabol power company to houston . to be absolutely above the line ,  i would still arrange the ll visa .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 10 : 44 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  i agree that it makes sense to put the ll in place . there are several things  we will need from you in order to start the visa process . the first is a  fairly detailed job description for anshuman . secondly , we also need to know  whether or not he will be in a managerial position here and / or managing a  project . if there is someone else in your group who can furnish this job  description , just let me know and i will be happy to contact him / her .  as for sandeep , i have been told that he is a u . s . resident so there should  be no problems with him . margaret daffin will be contacting him to be  absolutely sure .  thanks ,  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 10 : 21 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  molly ,  let ' s get ll for anshuman , just in case . i am sure he will stay here for a  while  once he comes . it is quite obvious jeff shankman will have to keep him  longer ,  given the priority of the project .  i assume there are no problems with sandeep .  thanks .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 09 : 54 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  thank you for the update , vince . i have been working with margaret daffin  with regard to anshuman ' s visa status . we will have to get an ll visa in  place before he can come to the united states , even in a temporary  capacity . do you want to move forward with that effort at this time , or  is the possibility of him coming to the u . s . so remote that it wouldn ' t be  worth the time and money right now ?  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 09 : 42 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : transition to research group - an update  molly ,  this is an update on anshuman . please , see below . it seems  that his transfer is not an issue for the time being .  we can put it on a back - burner till he gets here .  vince  p . s . the relevant section .  i also spoke about anshuman , and there was resistance to his leaing for such  a long time . however , i have agreement from folks here to send him to  houston for a shorter stint on dpc budget . i will try to finalize that  before i leave . i will call you in the evening to just chat .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001  09 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sandeep kohli @ enron _ development  01 / 19 / 2001 04 : 32 am  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : transition to research group - an update  vince ,  just wanted to let you know that i had a meeting with wade cline ( coo , enron  india ) , neil mcgregor ( president , dpc ) , and mohan gurunath ( cfo , dpc ) today .  though i had already spoken to all of them earlier about my joining your  group , today it became official , and all of them supported the move . i  explained to them what we would be doing , and the results expected from the  henwood study .  dpc would like to pay the costs for the study , and that was mentioned . there  maybe some tax issues etc . that need to be cleared , and other related issues  that i would like to discuss with you , so i will leave them till i get to  houston .  i also spoke about anshuman , and there was resistance to his leaing for such  a long time . however , i have agreement from folks here to send him to  houston for a shorter stint on dpc budget . i will try to finalize that  before i leave . i will call you in the evening to just chat .  i am very thankful to you for giving the opportunity you have . things here  have deteriorated dramatically over the last few weeks . morale is quite down  due to many lay - offs .  i am really looking forward to returning to houston , and the family ! !  regards ,  sandeep .",0,transition research group update anshuman shrivastava molly order may proceed visa application mr anshuman shrivastava need enron h r department following information copy job offer letter contract assignment letter us position us salary job description position us salary range position co cost center please let earliest convenience many thanks margaret enron north america corp molly magee pm margaret daffin hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update margaret debt vince let get together time next week see would like us go molly margaret daffin pm molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly sure everyone understands anshuman work us bl visa come business meetings training get visa order work us margaret enron north america corp molly magee pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc margaret daffin hou ect ect subject transition research group update thank much information vince hope great weekend molly vince j kaminski pm molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly shall ask sandeep comes back india next week learned anshuman bl visa start project person delegated dhabol power company houston absolutely line would still arrange visa vince enron north america corp molly magee vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc margaret daffin hou ect ect subject transition research group update agree makes sense put place several things need order start visa process first fairly detailed job description anshuman secondly also need know whether managerial position managing project someone else group furnish job description let know happy contact sandeep told u resident problems margaret daffin contacting absolutely sure thanks molly vince j kaminski molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly let get anshuman case sure stay comes quite obvious jeff shankman keep longer given priority project assume problems sandeep thanks vince enron north america corp molly magee vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc margaret daffin hou ect ect subject transition research group update thank update vince working margaret daffin regard anshuman visa status get visa place come united states even temporary capacity want move forward effort time possibility coming u remote worth time money right molly vince j kaminski molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly update anshuman please see seems transfer issue time put back burner till gets vince p relevant section also spoke anshuman resistance leaing long time however agreement folks send houston shorter stint dpc budget try finalize leave call evening chat forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect sandeep kohli enron development vince j kaminski ect cc subject transition research group update vince wanted let know meeting wade cline coo enron india neil mcgregor president dpc mohan gurunath cfo dpc today though already spoken earlier joining group today became official supported move explained would results expected henwood study dpc would like pay costs study mentioned maybe tax issues etc need cleared related issues would like discuss leave till get houston also spoke anshuman resistance leaing long time however agreement folks send houston shorter stint dpc budget try finalize leave call evening chat thankful giving opportunity things deteriorated dramatically last weeks morale quite due many lay offs really looking forward returning houston family regards sandeep
"Subject: 6 . 50 % annuity w / 4 . 05 % lifetime bailout  10 % penalty - free withdrawals  rated a ( excellent ) by a . m . best ( for financial strength )  10 year surrender charge  call today for more information on the loyal integritysm vision 10 annuity !  or  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  * the contract ' s base interest rate  must fall more than 45 basis points below the initial base interest  rate ( effective 9 / 3 / 02 ) before the bailout provision may be exercised .  this feature is subject to change on future contracts .  * * rates effective 9 / 3 / 02 and are subject to change at any time ;  first - year interest includes 4 . 50 % base interest rate and 2 . 00 %  additional first - year interest .  * * * ages 0 - 80 ; ages 81 - 90 : 7 % commission .  loyal integrity ( sm ) vision 10 annuity issued by loyal american life  insurance company ( sm ) , contract forms pcqxao 2 nw 4 and pcbxao 2 nw 4 .  certain limitations and exclusions apply . product not available  in all states . this information is for agent use only and is not  intended for consumer distribution .  lac 2020269  we don ' t want anyone  to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication  sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,  do not reply to this message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout  legal notice ",1,annuity w lifetime bailout penalty free withdrawals rated excellent best financial strength year surrender charge call today information loyal integritysm vision annuity please fill form information name e mail phone city state contract base interest rate must fall basis points initial base interest rate effective bailout provision may exercised feature subject change future contracts rates effective subject change time first year interest includes base interest rate additional first year interest ages ages commission loyal integrity sm vision annuity issued loyal american life insurance company sm contract forms pcqxao nw pcbxao nw certain limitations exclusions apply product available states information agent use intended consumer distribution lac want anyone receive mailings wish professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insuranceiq com optout legal notice
"Subject: excelleent news  how halving to save on your medlcations over 70 % .  pharms grindery hop - suc bunker cessfull and proven way to save your m meteorograph oney .  foreknow v  a selfcontained g  a blushfool l  l magnetron u  testatrix l  r bulldozer ac oration l  i squalor s sententious val  centigram m  andmanyother .  best p dexterity rlces .  wo arrogance rldwide shlpplng .  easy o astragalus rder form .  total co picturebook nfidentiaiity .  250 , 000 satisfied customers frowsy .  or aggregation der today and save !",1,excelleent news halving save medlcations pharms grindery hop suc bunker cessfull proven way save meteorograph oney foreknow v selfcontained g blushfool l l magnetron u testatrix l r bulldozer ac oration l squalor sententious val centigram andmanyother best p dexterity rlces wo arrogance rldwide shlpplng easy astragalus rder form total co picturebook nfidentiaiity satisfied customers frowsy aggregation der today save
"Subject: schedule and more . .  dr . kaminski ,  i think i ' ll be able to start work from the last week of may ,  but not from monday ,  probably , i ' ll be able to work from 5 / 30 ( wed ) .  will it be good ? i know it is not that much earlier than i mentioned . . 6 / 4  i am sorry .  and actually , there is an e - business conference at haas school of business ,  organized by my advisor  could you distribute the link and the attached invitation letter to groups  interested in e - business and especially procurement ?  the link is as following .  i am afraid you might forgot this i told you in the last email . . .  my advisor ( arie segev at haas school of business ; segev @ haas . berkeley . edu )  wants me to ask whether you have any idea on joint research with him  during the summer , while i am staying there .  his interest is in e - business . . ( what else . . ? )  and has expertise in e - procurement system and marketplace . . .  xml based standard such as obi , cxml , xcbl , rosettanet , biztalk . .  system interoperability study , auction and negotiation , workflow system ,  e - catalog management , digital signature , edi , etc etc . . .  many technical aspects of e - business . . .  he wants to do some kind of technical case study  that is beneficial for both enron and him .  he may travel one or two times to houston to have a meeting during the  summer .  ( and to be frankly , this will be good for me too ,  because i can have a meeting for my dissertation while he is in houston . . )  could you think about the possibility of joint research , with him ?  thank you . .  sincerely ,  jinbaek  - fcp - invite . pdf",0,schedule dr kaminski think able start work last week may monday probably able work wed good know much earlier mentioned sorry actually e business conference haas school business organized advisor could distribute link attached invitation letter groups interested e business especially procurement link following afraid might forgot told last email advisor arie segev haas school business segev haas berkeley edu wants ask whether idea joint research summer staying interest e business else expertise e procurement system marketplace xml based standard obi cxml xcbl rosettanet biztalk system interoperability study auction negotiation workflow system e catalog management digital signature edi etc etc many technical aspects e business wants kind technical case study beneficial enron may travel one two times houston meeting summer frankly good meeting dissertation houston could think possibility joint research thank sincerely jinbaek fcp invite pdf
"Subject: re : hello  david ,  another trip in the cards . you can catch me at the office on wed  or next week at home .  vince  "" walkup , david c ( houstonas as 582 ) "" on 04 / 03 / 2000  03 : 43 : 31 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : hello  i am tentatively planning on being in the woodlands wednesday . should i  stop by the house that night or do we need to get together tomorrow or  wednesday morning ?  david c . walkup  financial consultant  713 - 658 - 1685  800 - 456 - 9712  > - - - - - - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : monday , april 03 , 2000 4 : 35 pm  > to : dwalkup @ pclient . ml . com  > subject : re : hello  >  >  > david ,  >  > can you stop by on wednesday ?  >  > i shall be gone for a few days after this day .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" walkup , david c ( houstonas as 582 ) "" on  > 04 / 03 / 2000  > 01 : 21 : 45 pm  >  > to : "" ' vincent kaminski ' ""  > cc :  > subject : hello  >  >  > hello , vince .  >  > i guess you are still traveling a lot . i just wanted to say hello and see  > when we can get together and look at getting some more money deposited  > into  > the cma for future investments .  >  > get back with me when you can .  > david c . walkup  > financial consultant  > 713 - 658 - 1685  > 800 - 456 - 9712  > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  >  >  >  >  > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  > be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending  > identifying information , such as account , social security or card numbers  > to  > us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented  > messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check  > stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronicall  >  >  >  >  >  >  caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending  identifying information , such as account , social security or card numbers to  us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented  messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check  stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronicall",0,hello david another trip cards catch office wed next week home vince walkup david c houstonas pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject hello tentatively planning woodlands wednesday stop house night need get together tomorrow wednesday morning david c walkup financial consultant vince j kaminski enron com smtp vince j kaminski enron com sent monday april pm dwalkup pclient ml com subject hello david stop wednesday shall gone days day vince walkup david c houstonas pm vincent kaminski cc subject hello hello vince guess still traveling lot wanted say hello see get together look getting money deposited cma future investments get back david c walkup financial consultant caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party protection avoid sending identifying information account social security card numbers us others send time sensitive action oriented messages transaction orders fund transfer instructions check stop payments policy accept items electronicall caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party protection avoid sending identifying information account social security card numbers us others send time sensitive action oriented messages transaction orders fund transfer instructions check stop payments policy accept items electronicall
"Subject: re : trying to find fat tails  naveen ,  i was trying to find "" fat tails "" . i looked at ng prompt month prices '  log - returns for 5 years 9 months .  on the figure below you can see the comparison of empirical cumulative  probability function with normal  cumulative for this time series ( standardized : mean subtracted , divided by  stdev ) . the effect of fat tails  is not pronounced so much . the "" fat tails "" effect was much more visible on  your plot when you looked at the  oct - 00 prices log - returns versus my time series of prompt month ' s prices .  the shape of the distribution is different from normal , though , and fits well  with the volatility switching model .  tanya .",0,trying find fat tails naveen trying find fat tails looked ng prompt month prices log returns years months figure see comparison empirical cumulative probability function normal cumulative time series standardized mean subtracted divided stdev effect fat tails pronounced much fat tails effect much visible plot looked oct prices log returns versus time series prompt month prices shape distribution different normal though fits well volatility switching model tanya
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at sys 25 . 3 fn . net .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  this address no longer accepts mail .  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 32974 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 54 : 04 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 211 . 245 . 27 . 66 )  by 216 . 195 . 34 . 33 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 54 : 04 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09359984 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ adultpaysites . info  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program sys fn net afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work address longer accepts mail line copy message return path received qmail invoked network jul received unknown helo mailwisconsin com smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo info adultpaysites info user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbelivabie
"Subject: re : willow and pathstar evaluations  i will check with michael and see if it ' s feasible to do a quick evaluation of his software here in houston .  - - stinson  vince j kaminski  04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 22 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : willow and pathstar evaluations  stinson ,  he keeps bugging us about it .  any thoughts what we should do ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" mike curran "" on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 03 : 24 am  please respond to "" mike curran ""  to :  cc :  subject : willow and pathstar evaluations  hi vince -  hope all is well with you .  sharad hasn ' t had time to evaluate our willow tree or monte carlo software  since the middle of last year . is there somebody else that could do it ?  please let me know who i should send the evaluation to .  best regards ,  michael curran  ceo  quantin ' leap limited  piercy house  7 copthall avenue  london ec 2 r 7 nj  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3450  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3411  mailto : mcurran @ quantinleap . com  http : / / www . quantinleap . com",0,willow pathstar evaluations check michael see feasible quick evaluation software houston stinson vince j kaminski pm stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject willow pathstar evaluations stinson keeps bugging us thoughts vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm mike curran please respond mike curran cc subject willow pathstar evaluations hi vince hope well sharad time evaluate willow tree monte carlo software since middle last year somebody else could please let know send evaluation best regards michael curran ceo quantin leap limited piercy house copthall avenue london ec r nj tel fax mailto mcurran quantinleap com http www quantinleap com
"Subject: yvan ' s application  molly ,  i am enclosing my recommendation letter for yvan chaxel .  vince",0,yvan application molly enclosing recommendation letter yvan chaxel vince
"Subject: how will this affect the reporting agency for each account you cancel .  why consolidate into a larger obligation or declare bankruptcy when you can  legally you ' ve avoided the pangs of starvation  for a time , anyhow , so i can leave you with a clear conscience . without more  ado , he turned the indicator of the traveling machine and mounted into the  air , leaving the turk sitting upon the rocks and staring after him in  comical bewilderment  15 .",1,affect reporting agency account cancel consolidate larger obligation declare bankruptcy legally avoided pangs starvation time anyhow leave clear conscience without ado turned indicator traveling machine mounted air leaving turk sitting upon rocks staring comical bewilderment
"Subject: an interview  shirley ,  please schedule an interview with konstantin on may 8 .  stinson , zimin , alex , tanya , krishna , myself .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001  03 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" konstantin n . kudin "" on 05 / 02 / 2001 01 : 39 : 15 pm  to :  cc :  subject : an interview  dear dr . kaminski  we have talked earlier during your energy class at rice about career  opportunities in risk management at enron . if it is possible , i would like  to meet with you and people from your group next week , preferably tuesday  ( may 8 ) . my time is flexible , i could come any time . other days are also  fine .  thank you very much in advance .  sincerely ,  konstantin kudin",0,interview shirley please schedule interview konstantin may stinson zimin alex tanya krishna vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm konstantin n kudin pm cc subject interview dear dr kaminski talked earlier energy class rice career opportunities risk management enron possible would like meet people group next week preferably tuesday may time flexible could come time days also fine thank much advance sincerely konstantin kudin
Subject: vince kaminski bullet points  * definition of price volatility  * historical vs . implied vs . model derived volatility  * estimation of volatility from historical data in the presence of  ? ? ? ? ? ? - seasonality  ? ? ? ? ? ? - jumps  ? ? ? ? ? ? - fat tails  * stochastic volatility models  * recent cases of extreme price volatility in the power markets in the us :  the causes and remedies,0,vince kaminski bullet points definition price volatility historical vs implied vs model derived volatility estimation volatility historical data presence seasonality jumps fat tails stochastic volatility models recent cases extreme price volatility power markets us causes remedies
"Subject: from robert schenck , henwood  sandeep ,  i don ' t know if robert sent you this directly , so am forwarding a copy .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 03 / 2001  08 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" robert schenck "" on 01 / 02 / 2001 11 : 13 : 23 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : india model  stinson ,  i have attached a marked up copy of the authorisation we need from you  can we please change our phone contact to friday your time , ( saturday mine )  as i have a previous engagement which i cannot cancel  regards  robert  - authorisation . doc",0,robert schenck henwood sandeep know robert sent directly forwarding copy stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect robert schenck pm cc subject india model stinson attached marked copy authorisation need please change phone contact friday time saturday mine previous engagement cancel regards robert authorisation doc
"Subject: from brand names to generics , from overexpenditures to great sav . vings .  with a tight budget , can you gain effective alleviations ? there are a lot of  vvays to help you out .  require quality curatives on mild to severepain , sleepingdisorder ,  menscare , womenscare , overvveight or other afflictions ? uncover the finest  offerings .  our medzone has a better option for sh . oppers . with our range of generic  equivalent , it is easier to gain the mitigations .  brovvse our collections if you do vvant to sa . ve on medicaments .  the latest info . about the shipments will be shovvn in real . time .  vov ! lead you to simple sav . vings .  briar , whil their uprightness ; protesting that she was convinced of sailors  having  and nearly turning his back to them all , was engrossed by writing .  e i was sent in to ge t my tea . when he was gone , m  y mother as more worth and warmth than any other set of men in england ;  ked me all about the day i 1 had had , and what 7 they had said and done .  i men tioned what they had said a",1,brand names generics overexpenditures great sav vings tight budget gain effective alleviations lot vvays help require quality curatives mild severepain sleepingdisorder menscare womenscare overvveight afflictions uncover finest offerings medzone better option sh oppers range generic equivalent easier gain mitigations brovvse collections vvant sa medicaments latest info shipments shovvn real time vov lead simple sav vings briar whil uprightness protesting convinced sailors nearly turning back engrossed writing e sent ge tea gone mother worth warmth set men england ked day said done men tioned said
"Subject: improved process for engaging temporary workers  as you are aware , enron utilizes temporary staffing services to satisfy  staffing requirements throughout the company . for the past several months , a  project team , representing enron  , s temporary staffing users , have researched  and evaluated alternative managed services programs to determine which source  would best meet our current and future needs in terms of quality , performance  and cost containment objectives . the business unit implementation project  team members are :  laurie koenig , operations management , ees  carolyn vigne , administration , ee & cc  linda martin , accounting & accounts payable , corporate  beverly stephens , administration , ena  norma hasenjager , human resources , et & s  peggy mccurley , administration , networks  jane ellen weaver , enron broadband services  paulette obrecht , legal , corporate  george weber , gss  in addition , eric merten ( ebs ) , kathy cook ( ee 713 - 438 - 1400 )  amy binney , sharon b . sellers  ) operations  cherri carbonara  ) marketing / communications  cynthia duhon  ) staffing partner management",0,improved process engaging temporary workers aware enron utilizes temporary staffing services satisfy staffing requirements throughout company past several months project team representing enron temporary staffing users researched evaluated alternative managed services programs determine source would best meet current future needs terms quality performance cost containment objectives business unit implementation project team members laurie koenig operations management ees carolyn vigne administration ee cc linda martin accounting accounts payable corporate beverly stephens administration ena norma hasenjager human resources et peggy mccurley administration networks jane ellen weaver enron broadband services paulette obrecht legal corporate george weber gss addition eric merten ebs kathy cook ee amy binney sharon b sellers operations cherri carbonara marketing communications cynthia duhon staffing partner management
"Subject: new research tool - too cool ! ! !  this tool is really a breakthrough . real - time off our new satellite  controller , meteorological info from noaa ' s satellite ! ! !  simple and easy .  just go to . . .  further instruction ( there is only one instruction ) . .  type in your station of interest , example : khou for houston , texas , lirf for  rome , italy , eddh for hamburg , etc ( see attached city code list )  you will be constantly updated way before the competition !  enjoy . . .",0,new research tool cool tool really breakthrough real time new satellite controller meteorological info noaa satellite simple easy go instruction one instruction type station interest example khou houston texas lirf rome italy eddh hamburg etc see attached city code list constantly updated way competition enjoy
"Subject: organization announcement  given the growth in ees it has become apparent that it is time to consolidate the risk functions between ees and ews . this will provide ees with the systems , resources and risk expertise of the wholesale energy groups necessary for it to continue to grow and take advantage of current market opportunities .  with this in mind and in agreement with the management of ees , two new risk groups inside enron americas will be formed to provide ees with pricing , structuring , retail and wholesale commodity risk management , logistics and back - office services . these groups main function is to provide these services to ees . we have asked rogers herndon , currently vice president - trading in the eastern power group to manage this function in the eastern interconnect ( this includes both gas and power ) . rogers will continue to report to kevin presto . we have asked don black , formerly vice president - ees risk management and sourcing , to manage this function in the western u . s . don will manage this group from houston and will report to tim belden .  these groups will work very closely with ees to pursue shared goals while ensuring close coordination with the wholesale gas and power trading organizations .  these changes are effective immediately . please congratulate rogers and don on their new roles .  john lavorato & louise kitchen",0,organization announcement given growth ees become apparent time consolidate risk functions ees ews provide ees systems resources risk expertise wholesale energy groups necessary continue grow take advantage current market opportunities mind agreement management ees two new risk groups inside enron americas formed provide ees pricing structuring retail wholesale commodity risk management logistics back office services groups main function provide services ees asked rogers herndon currently vice president trading eastern power group manage function eastern interconnect includes gas power rogers continue report kevin presto asked black formerly vice president ees risk management sourcing manage function western u manage group houston report tim belden groups work closely ees pursue shared goals ensuring close coordination wholesale gas power trading organizations changes effective immediately please congratulate rogers new roles john lavorato louise kitchen
"Subject: reminder : cera executive roundtables in houston  dear cera members and friends :  we wanted to make sure you had seen our announcement regarding a series of  executive roundtables in houston next week - on april 17 and 18 , 2001 . these  meetings will feature presentations and interactive discussions with cera  experts . for complete details on the events , please visit  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event .  the events will feature speakers from the following cera teams :  * north american electric power - april 17  * north american natural gas - april 17 & 18 ( two events )  * western energy - april 17  * latin america energy - april 18  * asia pacific energy - april 18  location and accommodations :  the four seasons hotel  1300 lamar street  houston , tx 77010 - 3098  tel . : + 1 713 650 1300  fax : + 1 713 650 1203  * please contact the hotel directly for room reservations .  to enroll , please complete the form found on our website at  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event and return it by fax to cera registration :  cera  20 university road  cambridge , ma 02138 usa  fax : + 1 617 498 9176  tel . : + 1 617 497 6446 x 800  e - mail : register @ cera . com  sincerely ,  cera event registration  please note : dates and locations of events are subject to change .  participation at a roundtable is a function of the terms of the cera / client  contract . for more information about eligibility , please contact cera  registration .  our relationship with you is very important to us . ? if you do not wish to  receive future e - mail notifications , please send a reply to this message with  "" donotemail "" as the subject of your message .  ( mailto : info @ cera . com ? subject = donotemail ) ",0,reminder cera executive roundtables houston dear cera members friends wanted make sure seen announcement regarding series executive roundtables houston next week april meetings feature presentations interactive discussions cera experts complete details events please visit http www cera com event events feature speakers following cera teams north american electric power april north american natural gas april two events western energy april latin america energy april asia pacific energy april location accommodations four seasons hotel lamar street houston tx tel fax please contact hotel directly room reservations enroll please complete form found website http www cera com event return fax cera registration cera university road cambridge usa fax tel x e mail register cera com sincerely cera event registration please note dates locations events subject change participation roundtable function terms cera client contract information eligibility please contact cera registration relationship important us wish receive future e mail notifications please send reply message donotemail subject message mailto info cera com subject donotemail
"Subject: re : the transportion model worked  great to hear that . you are right , we should include rho ( done ) and theta  ( to do ) for the cost term .  zimin  enron north america corp .  from : kenneth shulklapper 04 / 26 / 2000 12 : 07 pm  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : it worked  zimin ,  the model worked well today . hopefully it will continue the same in the  future .  do we need to make a similar change in the model to "" drift "" to account for  changes on the demand charges over time ?  ken",0,transportion model worked great hear right include rho done theta cost term zimin enron north america corp kenneth shulklapper pm zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject worked zimin model worked well today hopefully continue future need make similar change model drift account changes demand charges time ken
"Subject: caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00  hi vince , i ( and possibly stinson as well ) will be attending this initial  meeting looks like kick - off type of meeting . i will try to attend to drill  into what they can offer and what we have committed . make sure that we get  from the arrangement n john griebling & jim irvine ' s perspective and ours .  i ' ll fire off additional information as i get them .  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 23 / 00 10 : 51  am - - - - -  nevil @ ipn . caida . org  02 / 22 / 00 12 : 16 pm  to : members @ caida . org  cc : nevil @ caida . org , ( bcc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications )  subject : caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00  hello caida members :  update on the caida working groups . .  a . ' metrics @ caida . org ' mailing list  b . wg charters , meeting on 2 mar 00  a . ' metrics @ caida . oeg ' mailing list  i ' ve set up a single mailing list with this name , for discussions on wg  topics , passive measurements , etc . to start with it ' s a moderated list  ( i . e . you have to be a member of the list to post to it , you join by sending  email to nevil @ caida . org asking to be added to the ' metrics ' list ) , with  the following initial set of members :  sue moon ,  brett watson ,  hans - werner braun ,  matt mathis ,  ian graham ,  tony mcgregor ,  john cleary ,  joerg micheel ,  kevin thompson ,  jambi gambar ,  daniel mcrobb ,  david moore ,  sean mccreary  rene hatem ,  shankar rao ,  cindy bickerstaff ,  jeff sedayao ,  steve feldman ,  bill woodcock  two questions for caida members :  i . who else would you suggest be invited to join the list ?  ii . should the list continue to be moderated , or should it  be changed into an open list ?  b . ' working group ' developments  following the caida members ' meeting on 8 feb 00 i ' ve attempted to define  exactly what problem we could consider getting an ietf working group  started on . my summary of the existing ietf wgs with interests in metrics  is given below ( appendix b ) , but it seems unlikely that we could get a  new ietf wg started .  i believe that we should instead run a single caida working group  on ' network metrics , ' rather than the two proposed earlier . my draft  of its charter is appended below . it focuses on producing educational  material about network measurement , and on developing new metrics - these  were the two areas of greatest interest amongst the caida members .  the wg co - chairs are  sue moon ( sprintlabs ) and brett watson ( mfn / abovenet )  you are invited to attend the first wg meeting .  the agenda is as follows . .  agenda for caida wg meeting on : thursday 2 mar 00  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  10 am - 4 pm , abovenet , downtown sjc ( see below for details )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  1 . review wg charter  - is it reasonable as set out in the draft ?  - what should be removed or added ?  2 . work through revised charter in detail  - identify the work required for each part  - determine who ' s willing to work on it  - attempt to determine delivery times  3 . discussion of new metrics  - first attempt at making a list of metrics to be considered  4 . anything else ?  location : abovenet is located in the knight - ridder building ,  attached to the fairmont hotel complex . the address is  50 w . san fernando st .  san jose , ca 95113  rsvp : to help us with organising the meeting , please send email to  nevil @ caida . org telling us how many will attend from  your organisation .  cheers , nevil  nevil brownlee visiting researcher  phone : ( 619 ) 822 0893 caida , san diego  caida network metrics working group : draft charter , tue 23 feb 00  goals :  1 education  + faq on what does ' measuring the internet actually mean ? '  - why measure anyway ?  - what can be measured ? how ? where ? by whom ?  - active vs passive , end - to - end vs provider network only ,  application vs transport layer  - rating schemes : provider ' net performance ' pages , internet  ' weather map ' s , keynote , etc .  publish as caida web pages , or maybe as an info rfc  + survey paper on metrics and internet measurement  - current measurement efforts ( surveyor , ripe test traffic ,  amp , iperf , at & t , keynote , skitter , . . . )  - current tools  publish as caida web pages  2 service metrics  + define new metrics  - taxonomy of current metrics ( ippm , rtfm , itu , . . )  - summary of metrics used for current services  - gather information / ideas about new / emerging services ,  especially diffserv - based ones  - make list of new metrics , either to improve measurement of  existing services or to support new ones  [ list of ' metrics ' questions ( appendix a ) goes here ]  + organise experimental implementation / testing of tools  for new metrics  + make recommendations on implementation  - define core set of ' really useful ' metrics  - recommend that caida implement these as a  ' service measurement toolkit '  + publish new metric definitions through ippm or rtfm  + produce document "" measurement requirements for hardware / software  vendors . "" publish on caida web pages  appendix a : questions from the earlier draft caida wg charters  a . what types of network - and transport - layer metrics are being  used by isps in engineering and operating their networks ?  by customers for verifying service guarantees ?  b . what new services are being ( or are likely to be ) offered , e . g .  diffserv ? is there a need for higher - layer metrics to better  monitor and manage these services ?  c . will these new differentiated transport - and  application - layer services need new metrics ?  d . how can the service metrics be measured in a multi - isp  environment ?  e . how can customers verify these measurements ?  f . what requirements would service measurement introduce for  equipment vendors ?  g . how relevant are specific techniques ( e . g . which flow ) and  points of measurement to specific users ( isp , customer , etc . )  requirements ?  h . how do these metrics relate to network behavior as perceived  by users ? how do they correlate with performance ?  appendix b : background on the ietf working groups  * rtfm wg : realtime traffic flow measurement  rtfm is concerned with passive measurements of two - way traffic flows ,  specified in terms of their end - point attributes . its primary goal was  to produce an improved traffic flow measurement model considering at least the  following needs :  a . wider range of measurable quantities , e . g . those  relating to ipv 6 , and to class of service  b . simpler ways to specify flows of interest  c . better ways to control access to measured flow data  d . strong focus on data reduction capabilities  e . efficient hardware implementation  * ippm wg : ip performance measurement  the ippm wg charter is to develop a set of standard metrics that can  be applied to the quality , performance , and reliability of internet  data delivery services . these metrics will be designed such that they  can be performed by network operators , end users , or independent  testing groups . it is important that the metrics not represent a value  judgement ( i . e . define "" good "" and "" bad "" ) , but rather provide unbiased  quantitative measures of performance .  rfcs  framework for ip performance metrics ( rfc 2330 )  metrics :  connectivity ( rfc 2678 ) ,  one - way delay ( rfc 2679 ) , one - way packet loss ( rfc 2680 )  round - trip delay ( rfc 2681 )  i - ds  bulk transfer capacity ( 2 x )  instantaneous packet delay variation  one - way loss patterns  * other wgs  the rmonmib wg is thinking about ' application performance  measurement . ' this is clearly a hard problem ( e . g . does this just  mean response - time measurement , can it be done by passive means , how  should the measurements be presented , etc . ) .  in short  - rtfm provides a good distributed measuring system for traffic  volumes  - ippm has concentrated on transport - layer behaviour of the  current , best - effort internet .  - rmonmib is beginning to consider application - layer measurement ",0,caida metrics wg meeting mar hi vince possibly stinson well attending initial meeting looks like kick type meeting try attend drill offer committed make sure get arrangement n john griebling jim irvine perspective fire additional information get ravi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications nevil ipn caida org pm members caida org cc nevil caida org bcc ravi thuraisingham enron communications subject caida metrics wg meeting mar hello caida members update caida working groups metrics caida org mailing list b wg charters meeting mar metrics caida oeg mailing list set single mailing list name discussions wg topics passive measurements etc start moderated list e member list post join sending email nevil caida org asking added metrics list following initial set members sue moon brett watson hans werner braun matt mathis ian graham tony mcgregor john cleary joerg micheel kevin thompson jambi gambar daniel mcrobb david moore sean mccreary rene hatem shankar rao cindy bickerstaff jeff sedayao steve feldman bill woodcock two questions caida members else would suggest invited join list ii list continue moderated changed open list b working group developments following caida members meeting feb attempted define exactly problem could consider getting ietf working group started summary existing ietf wgs interests metrics given appendix b seems unlikely could get new ietf wg started believe instead run single caida working group network metrics rather two proposed earlier draft charter appended focuses producing educational material network measurement developing new metrics two areas greatest interest amongst caida members wg co chairs sue moon sprintlabs brett watson mfn abovenet invited attend first wg meeting agenda follows agenda caida wg meeting thursday mar pm abovenet downtown sjc see details review wg charter reasonable set draft removed added work revised charter detail identify work required part determine willing work attempt determine delivery times discussion new metrics first attempt making list metrics considered anything else location abovenet located knight ridder building attached fairmont hotel complex address w san fernando st san jose ca rsvp help us organising meeting please send email nevil caida org telling us many attend organisation cheers nevil nevil brownlee visiting researcher phone caida san diego caida network metrics working group draft charter tue feb goals education faq measuring internet actually mean measure anyway measured active vs passive end end vs provider network application vs transport layer rating schemes provider net performance pages internet weather map keynote etc publish caida web pages maybe info rfc survey paper metrics internet measurement current measurement efforts surveyor ripe test traffic amp iperf keynote skitter current tools publish caida web pages service metrics define new metrics taxonomy current metrics ippm rtfm itu summary metrics used current services gather information ideas new emerging services especially diffserv based ones make list new metrics either improve measurement existing services support new ones list metrics questions appendix goes organise experimental implementation testing tools new metrics make recommendations implementation define core set really useful metrics recommend caida implement service measurement toolkit publish new metric definitions ippm rtfm produce document measurement requirements hardware software vendors publish caida web pages appendix questions earlier draft caida wg charters types network transport layer metrics used isps engineering operating networks customers verifying service guarantees b new services likely offered e g diffserv need higher layer metrics better monitor manage services c new differentiated transport application layer services need new metrics service metrics measured multi isp environment e customers verify measurements f requirements would service measurement introduce equipment vendors g relevant specific techniques e g flow points measurement specific users isp customer etc requirements h metrics relate network behavior perceived users correlate performance appendix b background ietf working groups rtfm wg realtime traffic flow measurement rtfm concerned passive measurements two way traffic flows specified terms end point attributes primary goal produce improved traffic flow measurement model considering least following needs wider range measurable quantities e g relating ipv class service b simpler ways specify flows interest c better ways control access measured flow data strong focus data reduction capabilities e efficient hardware implementation ippm wg ip performance measurement ippm wg charter develop set standard metrics applied quality performance reliability internet data delivery services metrics designed performed network operators end users independent testing groups important metrics represent value judgement e define good bad rather provide unbiased quantitative measures performance rfcs framework ip performance metrics rfc metrics connectivity rfc one way delay rfc one way packet loss rfc round trip delay rfc ds bulk transfer capacity x instantaneous packet delay variation one way loss patterns wgs rmonmib wg thinking application performance measurement clearly hard problem e g mean response time measurement done passive means measurements presented etc short rtfm provides good distributed measuring system traffic volumes ippm concentrated transport layer behaviour current best effort internet rmonmib beginning consider application layer measurement
"Subject: interview with the enron research group  hello kenneth :  nice talking to you this morning ! below is your interview schedule for  monday , oct . 30 th and directions to the enron bldg . . please let me know  if you need any travel arrangements made .  coming from the northwest part of houston , your best bet would be to  take i - 45 into town . there is quite a bit of construction downtown , so you  will probably have to take the mckinney exit from i - 45 ( you will need to  stay in the left lane as you approach town . exit mckinney to smith street ,  take a right on smith street go to andrews street , take a right on andrews  ( the enron bldg . is on the left ) , pass the enron bldg . cross "" ruthvan "" ( 1 st  stop sign ) and pull into the allen center parking garage ( visitors area on  your right ) . come to the security desk on the lst floor of the enron bldg .  and ask for me . they will call me and i will meet you in the elevator lobby  on the 19 th floor .  monday , october 30 th  9 : 00 am vince kaminski , managing director , research  9 : 30 am zimin lu , director  10 : 00 am vasant , vice president  10 : 30 am krishna krishnarao , director  11 : 00 am paulo issler , manager  11 : 30 am stinson gibner ( he will take you to lunch )  1 : 00 pm molly mcgee ( hr recruiter )  have a safe trip .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  ( 713 - 853 - 5290 )",0,interview enron research group hello kenneth nice talking morning interview schedule monday oct th directions enron bldg please let know need travel arrangements made coming northwest part houston best bet would take town quite bit construction downtown probably take mckinney exit need stay left lane approach town exit mckinney smith street take right smith street go andrews street take right andrews enron bldg left pass enron bldg cross ruthvan st stop sign pull allen center parking garage visitors area right come security desk lst floor enron bldg ask call meet elevator lobby th floor monday october th vince kaminski managing director research zimin lu director vasant vice president krishna krishnarao director paulo issler manager stinson gibner take lunch pm molly mcgee hr recruiter safe trip regards shirley crenshaw
"Subject: fwd : billing question  return - path :  received : from rly - yao 3 . mx . aol . com ( rly - yao 3 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 144 . 195 ] )  by air - yao 5 . mail . aol . com ( v 67 . 7 ) with esmtp ; mon , 10 jan 2000 07 : 03 : 24 - 0500  received : from abbott . office . aol . com ( abbott . office . aol . com [ 10 . 2 . 96 . 24 ] )  by rly - yao 3 . mx . aol . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 5 / aol - 4 . 0 . 0 ) with esmtp id haal 1942 for  ; mon , 10 jan 2000 07 : 03 : 24 - 0500 ( est )  received : from sunphol . ops . aol . com ( sunphol . office . aol . com [ 10 . 5 . 4 . 200 ] ) by  abbott . office . aol . com with smtp ( 8 . 8 . 6 ( phne _ 14041 ) / 8 . 7 . 1 ) id haal 1465 for  ; mon , 10 jan 2000 07 : 03 : 22 - 0500 ( est )  received : from 0 by sunphol . ops . aol . com ( smi - 8 . 6 / smi - svr 4 ) id haa 28403 ; mon ,  10 jan 2000 07 : 03 : 21 - 0500  message - id :  from :  to :  date : 01 / 10 / 2000 20 : 04 : 28  reply - to :  subject : re : billing question  dear valued member ;  thank you for taking time to write us . i apologize for the frustration you  are experiencing with america online . i appreciate your patience and  understanding regarding this matter .  upon reviewing your account record there was a failed transaction on your  account which was the amount of your subcription to aol annual plan , this  bill was just been "" resubmitted "" on your next month billing date . so that we  can answer your questions and concerns in a timely manner it is requested  that along with your response , please include your correct last four numbers  of your current payment method .  you may of course contact our billing department directly at 1 - 800 - 827 - 6364  or 1 - 888 - 265 - 8003 toll free number between 6 : 00 am to 2 : 00 am est . seven days  a week and they will be happy to assist you . i do apologized for any  inconvenienced this matter has may caused you .  we hope we have provided you with useful information about your inquiry . if  you have any further questions , please feel free to write us back . take care  and wishing you all the best and happiness in life . we greatly appreciate  your aol membership and customer service is important to us . we hope that  you were satisfied with the service you have received .  marvin l .  customer care consultant  billing department  america online , inc .  - - - - - - - - - - original message - - - - - - - - - -  from : vkaminski @ aol . com  to : billingl @ abbott . office . aol . com  field 1 = wincenty kaminski  field 2 = 10 snowbird  field 4 = the woodlands  field 5 = texas  field 6 = 77381  field 7 = 0057  field 8 = other ( please give details below )  field 9 = i have just sent you another message . i have inspected the bill  summary for the last and current months , and it seems that my payment plan  has been changed by you without my authorization . last year i was on a flat  annual payment plan ( about $ 220 per year ) , paid in one installment . i did not  agree to switch to any other plan , unless you asked me a question regarding  the billing in a vague or deceptive way . i hope that you will look into this  matter promptly and refund any excessive charges .  w . kaminski  field 10 = texas  field 11 = other - see comments  x - rep : 822  x - mailid : 583192  x - queue : 4  x - mailer : swiftmail v 3 . 50",0,fwd billing question return path received rly yao mx aol com rly yao mail aol com air yao mail aol com v esmtp mon jan received abbott office aol com abbott office aol com rly yao mx aol com aol esmtp id haal mon jan est received sunphol ops aol com sunphol office aol com abbott office aol com smtp phne id haal mon jan est received sunphol ops aol com smi smi svr id haa mon jan message id date reply subject billing question dear valued member thank taking time write us apologize frustration experiencing america online appreciate patience understanding regarding matter upon reviewing account record failed transaction account amount subcription aol annual plan bill resubmitted next month billing date answer questions concerns timely manner requested along response please include correct last four numbers current payment method may course contact billing department directly toll free number est seven days week happy assist apologized inconvenienced matter may caused hope provided useful information inquiry questions please feel free write us back take care wishing best happiness life greatly appreciate aol membership customer service important us hope satisfied service received marvin l customer care consultant billing department america online inc original message vkaminski aol com billingl abbott office aol com field wincenty kaminski field snowbird field woodlands field texas field field field please give details field sent another message inspected bill summary last current months seems payment plan changed without authorization last year flat annual payment plan per year paid one installment agree switch plan unless asked question regarding billing vague deceptive way hope look matter promptly refund excessive charges w kaminski field texas field see comments x rep x mailid x queue x mailer swiftmail v
"Subject: re : book order  thanks vince !  ?  will champagne do ? ? if not , name your price .  ?  do you have an email address for steve leppard ? ? i tried :  steve . leppard @ enron . com ? which bounced back .  ?  thanks ,  julie  ?  ps - guess i ' ll finally meet you at the end of the month ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : wednesday , january 31 , 2001 1 : 36 pm  subject : re : book order  julie ,  there are many employees in london ? who would be interested .  you can send ? an inquiry to steve leppard .  i had a presentation last night  to garp in houston and did a commercial for the book .  you should put me on commission .  vince  "" julie "" on 01 / 31 / 2001 06 : 31 : 39 am  please respond to "" julie ""  to : ? ?  cc :  subject : ? re : book order  vince ,  i wasn ' t sure if i responded to your email , so apologise either for my  delayed response or repeating myself .  thanks for the 2 nd order ! i believe they have already been ? dispatched .  yes , i believe we received payment ; thank you very much for ? following up  with paul . glad the book was a hit !  on another subject , are there any enron employees in europe who may be  interested in attending either the energy or the weather course ? or , are  the quants and risk management mostly handled out of houston ?  thanks again , and i ' ll forward an invoice on to shirley .  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : friday , january 26 , 2001 11 : 29 ? pm  subject : book order  julie ,  we received the shipment of 50 books . ? thanks .  the book was an instant hit . we need 50 more ? books .  vince  p . s . i understand paul sent you the check for the ? remaining 50 %",0,book order thanks vince champagne name price email address steve leppard tried steve leppard enron com bounced back thanks julie ps guess finally meet end month original message vince j kaminski enron com julie cc vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday january pm subject book order julie many employees london would interested send inquiry steve leppard presentation last night garp houston commercial book put commission vince julie please respond julie cc subject book order vince sure responded email apologise either delayed response repeating thanks nd order believe already dispatched yes believe received payment thank much following paul glad book hit another subject enron employees europe may interested attending either energy weather course quants risk management mostly handled houston thanks forward invoice shirley julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent friday january pm subject book order julie received shipment books thanks book instant hit need books vince p understand paul sent check remaining
"Subject: lance cunningham  vince :  i have left a message with teresa and have sent the following terse note to  lance to let him know that we are moving .  as we discussed , i asked teresa to offer 90 k + 10 k signing bonus .  regards ,  grant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 06 / 30 / 2000 11 : 21  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : grant masson 06 / 30 / 2000 11 : 21 am  to : lbcunningham @ mail . utexas . edu  cc :  subject : enron  lance :  i am going on vacation tomorrow , but i wanted to get in touch with you before  i left .  i have asked hr to extend an offer to you . teresa bien should be sending you  an offer letter via fedex . of course , with the july 4 th weekend , i ' m not sure  when you will get it .  if you have questions , i suggest that you call vince kaminski at 713 853  3848 .  regards ,  grant masson .",0,lance cunningham vince left message teresa sent following terse note lance let know moving discussed asked teresa offer k k signing bonus regards grant forwarded grant masson hou ect enron north america corp grant masson lbcunningham mail utexas edu cc subject enron lance going vacation tomorrow wanted get touch left asked hr extend offer teresa bien sending offer letter via fedex course july th weekend sure get questions suggest call vince kaminski regards grant masson
"Subject: re : informs abstract ( fwd )  shijie ,  additional changes .  abstract :  the power market developments in the us have created several unique  challenges for energy industry economists . we discuss the major factors  underlying  the exceptionally high volatility of electricity prices . we feel that some of  them may reflect the flaws in power pools design and incomplete transition to  fully deregulated markets in  generation and transmission .  the title is fine .  vince  shijie deng on 10 / 01 / 2000 07 : 47 : 53 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : informs abstract ( fwd )  - - - - - - - - - - forwarded message - - - - - - - - - -  date : sun , 1 oct 2000 14 : 29 : 20 - 0400 ( edt )  from : shijie deng  to : vkaminski @ aol . com  cc : shijie deng  subject : re : informs abstract  vince ,  thanks for the abstract ! for the purpose of the conference program  listing , the conference organizers need a title and an abstract which is  longer than 50 words . based on the abstract that you sent me , i took the  liberty to make up a title and the 50 - word abstract ( attached below ) .  please make changes as you feel necessary and send them back to me . i ' ll  send them out to the organizers once i get your confirmation on this .  best ,  shijie  title : current challenges in modeling power price volatility  author : dr . vince kaminski , head of quantitative research , enron capital &  trade resources  abstract :  the power market developments in the us have created several unique  challenges for energy industry economists . we discuss the major factors  underlying  the exceptionally high volatility of electricity prices . we feel that some of  them may be a necessary price to pay for increased market efficiency and  expanded customer choice .  shi - jie deng  assistant professor  school of isye  georgia institute of technology  office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519  e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng  on sun , 1 oct 2000 vkaminski @ aol . com wrote :  > shijie ,  >  > i am sending you the abstract for my informs presentation .  >  > vince  >  >  > * * * * *  >  >  > the last three years were characterized by exceptionally high volatility of  > the power prices in the us markets . the market developments have created a  > number of unique challenges for energy industry economists . one immediate  > question we have to answer is how to measure volatility of energy prices .  > although we can all agree that the prices in the power markets are  > characterized by high variability , the traditional measures used in  financial  > economics ( annualized standard deviation of log price returns ) may not fit  > well electricity prices . the second challenge is to explain the sources of  > high price volatility and to answer the question to what extent it can be  > attributed to problems that can be addressed in the long run . such problems  > include flaws in market design that allow some market participants to abuse  > market power , limited availability and / or unequal access to transmission ,  > temporary shortages of generation capacity . some factors underlying high  > volatility of electricity prices may be of permanent nature and may be a  > necessary price to pay for increased market efficiency and expanded customer  > choice .  >",0,informs abstract fwd shijie additional changes abstract power market developments us created several unique challenges energy industry economists discuss major factors underlying exceptionally high volatility electricity prices feel may reflect flaws power pools design incomplete transition fully deregulated markets generation transmission title fine vince shijie deng pm vkamins enron com cc subject informs abstract fwd forwarded message date sun oct edt shijie deng vkaminski aol com cc shijie deng subject informs abstract vince thanks abstract purpose conference program listing conference organizers need title abstract longer words based abstract sent took liberty make title word abstract attached please make changes feel necessary send back send organizers get confirmation best shijie title current challenges modeling power price volatility author dr vince kaminski head quantitative research enron capital trade resources abstract power market developments us created several unique challenges energy industry economists discuss major factors underlying exceptionally high volatility electricity prices feel may necessary price pay increased market efficiency expanded customer choice shi jie deng assistant professor school isye georgia institute technology office phone e mail deng isye gatech edu home page http www isye gatech edu deng sun oct vkaminski aol com wrote shijie sending abstract informs presentation vince last three years characterized exceptionally high volatility power prices us markets market developments created number unique challenges energy industry economists one immediate question answer measure volatility energy prices although agree prices power markets characterized high variability traditional measures used financial economics annualized standard deviation log price returns may fit well electricity prices second challenge explain sources high price volatility answer question extent attributed problems addressed long run problems include flaws market design allow market participants abuse market power limited availability unequal access transmission temporary shortages generation capacity factors underlying high volatility electricity prices may permanent nature may necessary price pay increased market efficiency expanded customer choice
Subject: re : rankings  thank you .,0,rankings thank
"Subject: re : oracle tables which contain the position and curves information  for enron ' s var system  andreas ,  as we discussed today , i am sending you some information on how the positions  and curves  are stored in our database . in the enclosed file you ' ll find the list of  columns for 4 tables and  2 quarries as an example . 3 of these tables contain the positions  information , 1 table has the curves information .  ramesh ( who supports our var model from it side ) will send you the  description of these tables .  regards ,  tanya .",0,oracle tables contain position curves information enron var system andreas discussed today sending information positions curves stored database enclosed file find list columns tables quarries example tables contain positions information table curves information ramesh supports var model side send description tables regards tanya
"Subject: re : request  vince ,  i ' m glad you liked it . my next "" enron "" task is to try and develop a better  understanding of the way you describe the use of btu swaps to create a  synthethic multi - fuel plant . i understand the basic concept but want to  learn more about the swaps ( duration , cost , etc ) which will impact a  company ' s decision to build a single vs multi - fuel generator . do you have  some example transactions or analyses that i might look over to learn more ?  see ya in april ( we ' re going to learn to "" rope "" calves this year ) .  your friend ,  john  at 06 : 03 pm 3 / 23 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > yes , i did . looks great .  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 03 / 23 / 2001 05 : 02 : 05 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : request  >  >  > thanks vince . this is great .  >  > by the way , did you get copies of the journal with our paper ?  >  > john  >  > at 04 : 59 pm 3 / 23 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  > >  > > john ,  > >  > > no problem .  > > i look forward to it .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > "" john d . martin "" on 03 / 23 / 2001 09 : 04 : 44 am  > >  > > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > > cc :  > > subject : request  > >  > >  > > vince ,  > >  > > would you mind making a few luncheon comments to the texas finance  > festival  > > group at our sat luncheon ? i struck out with andy and sheridan thought  > > that you could relate very well to the group . how about it ?  > >  > > john  > >  > > john d . martin  > > carr p . collins chair in finance  > > finance department  > > baylor university  > > po box 98004  > > waco , tx 76798  > > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  > >  > >  > >  > >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,request vince glad liked next enron task try develop better understanding way describe use btu swaps create synthethic multi fuel plant understand basic concept want learn swaps duration cost etc impact company decision build single vs multi fuel generator example transactions analyses might look learn see ya april going learn rope calves year friend john pm wrote john yes looks great vince john martin pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject request thanks vince great way get copies journal paper john pm wrote john problem look forward vince john martin vkamins enron com cc subject request vince would mind making luncheon comments texas finance festival group sat luncheon struck andy sheridan thought could relate well group john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: addition to enron - summer internships  vince :  please include ram vittal to the summer internship list , if you have not  already done so .  according to my count , that make a total of 8 students from the enron tiger  team who have a desire to work with enron .  thanks ,  donna  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vittal , maheshram [ mailto : mvittal @ wharton . upenn . edu ]  sent : friday , february 02 , 2001 10 : 17 pm  to : ' fap '  subject : re : call from enron  donna :  i had submitted my resume directly to their recruiting office and haven ' t  heard from them . i would be very willing to reforward my resume , if  required .  thanks ,  ram",0,addition enron summer internships vince please include ram vittal summer internship list already done according count make total students enron tiger team desire work enron thanks donna original message vittal maheshram mailto mvittal wharton upenn edu sent friday february pm fap subject call enron donna submitted resume directly recruiting office heard would willing reforward resume required thanks ram
Subject: a friendly professional online pharmacy focused on you !  enjoy having sex !  the jungle is dark but full of diamonds . . .  ignorance is not innocence but sin .  i would fain die a dry death .,1,friendly professional online pharmacy focused enjoy sex jungle dark full diamonds ignorance innocence sin would fain die dry death
"Subject: trial of weathereffects web site  mike ,  following up on my phone call , we ' re ready to do the following :  1 . assign a login and password to enron for a trial evaluation of the  www . weathereffects . com power trader web service .  2 . initiate a daily bilateral conference call at a morning time to be  determined . to ensure that your traders and analysts are ready for such a  call , we will await your response to this email before initiating the  service .  3 . we will also pdf certain energy analysis files to you ( eg , the daily gas  market file ) so you can see the evolution of our day to day thinking on the  markets .  a reminder that the power service currently deals with nepool and pjm and  will initiate coverage of nypp in september .  i look forward to hearing from you .  ed krapels  director , esai gas and power services",0,trial weathereffects web site mike following phone call ready following assign login password enron trial evaluation www weathereffects com power trader web service initiate daily bilateral conference call morning time determined ensure traders analysts ready call await response email initiating service also pdf certain energy analysis files eg daily gas market file see evolution day day thinking markets reminder power service currently deals nepool pjm initiate coverage nypp september look forward hearing ed krapels director esai gas power services
"Subject: re : copper curve  tani ,  please touch base with lloyd fleming as to whom from rac should review the  methodology . i view that it is the commercial team ' s responsibility to post  the curve , operations responsibility to gather objective information on the  efficacy of the curve on a ( minimum ) monthly basis and report all highly  sensitive curves , rac will not approve or disapprove a curve but question  methodology / motivations and subsequent changes and do so in a senior  management forum ( i . e . , we will tell on those who have suspect curves or  curve movements ) . obviously , we are looking for the best estimate of the  value of those products in those time buckets today , we also favor object ,  consistent application of methodoology intra and inter commodity .  ted  vince j kaminski  10 / 27 / 2000 04 : 18 pm  to : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther  gerratt / lon / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : copper curve  tani ,  no problem . we shall look at the curve on monday . i have organized a small  team to examine  the curve from different perspectives .  curve validation is normally a rac prerogative and i shall get them involved  on monday  vince  tani nath  10 / 27 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : copper curve  following steve ' s note to you earlier today , i wanted to mention that we have  a fairly urgent need for review of the copper curve in particular , as there  is a deal due for final pricing in the next few days .  i am not sure what data you have received from enron metals in london , so i  am asking tim poullain - patterson to ensure that you have the curves and the  economic justification proposed as soon as possible . please direct any  questions to him or to harry tefoglou . i will be in the tokyo office next  week , but available via e - mail .  thanks in advance for your assistance ,  tani",0,copper curve tani please touch base lloyd fleming rac review methodology view commercial team responsibility post curve operations responsibility gather objective information efficacy curve minimum monthly basis report highly sensitive curves rac approve disapprove curve question methodology motivations subsequent changes senior management forum e tell suspect curves curve movements obviously looking best estimate value products time buckets today also favor object consistent application methodoology intra inter commodity ted vince j kaminski pm tani nath lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect tim poullain patterson lon ect ect harry tefoglou lon ect ect esther gerratt lon ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect subject copper curve tani problem shall look curve monday organized small team examine curve different perspectives curve validation normally rac prerogative shall get involved monday vince tani nath maureen raymond hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect tim poullain patterson harry tefoglou lon ect ect esther gerratt lon ect ect subject copper curve following steve note earlier today wanted mention fairly urgent need review copper curve particular deal due final pricing next days sure data received enron metals london asking tim poullain patterson ensure curves economic justification proposed soon possible please direct questions harry tefoglou tokyo office next week available via e mail thanks advance assistance tani
"Subject: join some of the most successful people in the world  pursue your goals in life  in business for yourself but not by yourself .  work when and how much you want to work .  process from your house from anywhere in the world .  associates earning 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per mo .  judgment processing professional .  impressive training and support .  detailed information or to stop receiving or to see our address .  these were evidently to assist the boy in fighting the turks , and he was  well pleased to have them . his spirits rose considerably when he found he  had fallen among friends , although most of his new comrades had such evil  faces that it was unnecessary to put on the character markers to judge their  natures with a fair degree of accuracy  i can ' t be very particular about the company i keep , he thought , and this  gang hasn ' t tried to murder me , as the rascally turks did",1,join successful people world pursue goals life business work much want work process house anywhere world associates earning us us per mo judgment processing professional impressive training support detailed information stop receiving see address evidently assist boy fighting turks well pleased spirits rose considerably found fallen among friends although new comrades evil faces unnecessary put character markers judge natures fair degree accuracy particular company keep thought gang tried murder rascally turks
"Subject: vince ,  here is why analytical var does not work for non - normal variables .  rakesh reviewed this argument as well .  tanya",0,vince analytical var work non normal variables rakesh reviewed argument well tanya
"Subject: my visit  dear vince ,  thanks for your phone call this morning . i will ring mike tonight , i . e .  houston tomorrow morning .  . . . . had a look at the temps and anomalies over ca , looks warm for this time  of the year ( dec . ) , there has been an increase in the night time  t _ min , and t _ max remains at an above average level .  i will start setting up my models over conus this week .  regards ,  christian",0,visit dear vince thanks phone call morning ring mike tonight e houston tomorrow morning look temps anomalies ca looks warm time year dec increase night time min max remains average level start setting models conus week regards christian
"Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  online otherwise it wiii be invisibie virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain .  lf you want  peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where peopie search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in muitipie search enqines .  submit your website oniine  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best reqards ,  tiffinyfletcher _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,know get search engine results submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website online otherwise wiii invisibie virtuaily means efforts spent vain lf want peopie know website boost revenues oniy way make site visible places peopie search information e submit website muitipie search enqines submit website oniine watch visitors stream e business best reqards tiffinyfletcher interested
"Subject: reminder  hello everyone :  vince has asked me to send the following as a reminder :  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  this is another reminder about the responsibility we have as a group for  cleaning the conference rooms after meetings . for many visitors to enron  a conference room maybe the first and the last exposure to the company .  last thursday , some members of the group left , leaving behind their lunch  boxes  on the table . please , don ' t embarrass me by having to point out to you that  your mothers  don ' t work here .  vince",0,reminder hello everyone vince asked send following reminder another reminder responsibility group cleaning conference rooms meetings many visitors enron conference room maybe first last exposure company last thursday members group left leaving behind lunch boxes table please embarrass point mothers work vince
"Subject: invitation to cera multiclient study workshop  mr . vincent j . kaminski  managing director  enron capital & trade resources corp .  dear mr . kaminski :  you are cordially invited to attend a special workshop during ceraweek 2001  in houston addressing new and subtle dynamics in the oil market that could be  costing companies millions of dollars in lost revenue .  the workshop presents insights from a recent cera study entitled : "" the hole  in the barrel : capturing value from a volatile oil price "" . ? the speakers will  explain the challenges and suggest practical steps not only to mitigate these  forces , but use them as a way to increase revenue .  time : monday , february 12 , 2001 , 2 : 00 - 5 : 00 pm  location : westin galleria , houston , tx  cost : the workshop is a deliverable to members of the hole in the barrel :  capturing value from a volatile oil price .  for non - members of the hole in the barrel multiclient study , a fee of  us $ 3 , 500 will be charged ( fee can be applied to the purchase of the study ) .  please visit our online prospectus for the study located at :  for more information , please contact me at badedamola @ cera . com or + 1 617  441 - 1348 .  barry adedamola  associate director , oil & global strategies  our relationship with you is very important to us . ? if you  wish not to receive e - mail notifications from cera , please  send a reply to this message with "" donotemail "" as the subject  of your message . ( mailto : info @ cera . com ? subject = donotemail ) ",0,invitation cera multiclient study workshop mr vincent j kaminski managing director enron capital trade resources corp dear mr kaminski cordially invited attend special workshop ceraweek houston addressing new subtle dynamics oil market could costing companies millions dollars lost revenue workshop presents insights recent cera study entitled hole barrel capturing value volatile oil price speakers explain challenges suggest practical steps mitigate forces use way increase revenue time monday february pm location westin galleria houston tx cost workshop deliverable members hole barrel capturing value volatile oil price non members hole barrel multiclient study fee us charged fee applied purchase study please visit online prospectus study located information please contact badedamola cera com barry adedamola associate director oil global strategies relationship important us wish receive e mail notifications cera please send reply message donotemail subject message mailto info cera com subject donotemail
"Subject: re : energy conference - sydney  chris ,  thanks for the invitation . i shall be glad to meet you and your family in  sydney at your home .  i am enclosing the draft of my part of the chapter . it ' s more than  preliminary but i hope  to improve it greatly over the weekend . i shall forward you a new version on  sunday evening  my time . grant is moving along on his part . i hope it reduces the penalty to  broken knee - caps .  i shall send you a longer message from home to give you an update on my  conversations  with eprm regarding the articles .  vince  "" chris strickland "" on 06 / 01 / 2000 07 : 45 : 53 am  please respond to "" chris strickland ""  to : "" vincejkaminski ""  cc : "" julie ""  subject : energy conference - sydney  hi vince ,  ?  just a friendly reminder that the hired guns are making their way up to  houston to visit with you and grant .  ?  i was reading the promotional material for the eprm conference here in july .  i wanted to invite you to dinner at my apartment on the evening between the  main conference and the post - conference seminars ( 18 th july ) . we have a  pretty spectacular view of the harbour here that you might enjoy .  ?  best regards .  ?  chris .  ?  dr chris strickland  ?  school of finance and economics , university of technology , sydney  financial options research centre , university of warwick , uk  ?  director , lacima consultants ltd  www . lacima . co . uk",0,energy conference sydney chris thanks invitation shall glad meet family sydney home enclosing draft part chapter preliminary hope improve greatly weekend shall forward new version sunday evening time grant moving along part hope reduces penalty broken knee caps shall send longer message home give update conversations eprm regarding articles vince chris strickland please respond chris strickland vincejkaminski cc julie subject energy conference sydney hi vince friendly reminder hired guns making way houston visit grant reading promotional material eprm conference july wanted invite dinner apartment evening main conference post conference seminars th july pretty spectacular view harbour might enjoy best regards chris dr chris strickland school finance economics university technology sydney financial options research centre university warwick uk director lacima consultants ltd www lacima co uk
"Subject: re : swaps monitor research .  vince ,  i reviewed all information available on the web site . there is a template  that shows what kind of data swapsmonitor provides on commodities , but  unfortunately this template is a blank one and no example of the table given .  to receive any actual data we have to subscribe to their service ( $ 200 -  single delivery , $ 300 - annual subscription ) .  below is the template that given for commodity derivatives :  the data in this database is derived from audited financial statements ,  regulatory filings , reports to shareholders .  i will be glad to write a summary report .  sincerely ,  elena  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 47 pm  to : elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  subject : swaps monitor research .  elena ,  please , review the energy related info in this database ( if any ) and talk to  me  about it .  i would like to do some research in this area and ask you to write a summary  report .  nothing urgent .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 12 / 2000  03 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  andrei osonenko on 10 / 11 / 2000 04 : 26 : 38 pm  to : ( recipient list suppressed )  cc :  subject : swaps monitor research .  we have today published information about the otc derivative activities of  the largest dutch dealers . this research is contained in the attached pdf  file .  through our web site , swapsmonitor . com , you can obtain additional information  about otc derivatives dealers , including rankings and a database of  outstandings going back to 1994 .  as an e - mail subscriber to our research , you will automatically receive all  free research at the same time it is placed on our web site . if you wish to  remove your name from the e - mailing list , please use the reply feature of  your e - mail application and type the word "" remove "" in the subject line .  regards ,  - dutch _ dealers . pdf  andrei osonenko  research department",0,swaps monitor research vince reviewed information available web site template shows kind data swapsmonitor provides commodities unfortunately template blank one example table given receive actual data subscribe service single delivery annual subscription template given commodity derivatives data database derived audited financial statements regulatory filings reports shareholders glad write summary report sincerely elena vince j kaminski ect pm elena chilkina corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect subject swaps monitor research elena please review energy related info database talk would like research area ask write summary report nothing urgent vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm andrei osonenko pm recipient list suppressed cc subject swaps monitor research today published information otc derivative activities largest dutch dealers research contained attached pdf file web site swapsmonitor com obtain additional information otc derivatives dealers including rankings database outstandings going back e mail subscriber research automatically receive free research time placed web site wish remove name e mailing list please use reply feature e mail application type word remove subject line regards dutch dealers pdf andrei osonenko research department
Subject: new impotence drug that treats male erectile dysfunction !  prescription medication for mens health and wellness .  he that dies pays all debts .  a contented mind is a continual feast .  nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming .  sweet mercy is nobility ' s true badge .,1,new impotence drug treats male erectile dysfunction prescription medication mens health wellness dies pays debts contented mind continual feast nothing pleasing also becoming sweet mercy nobility true badge
Subject: charles chen interview  vince / tanya :  i interviewed charles today 10 : 30 am . here are my impressions :  1 ) excellent professional and managerial experience .  2 ) very good technical background .  deal valuation and  model implementation  3 ) promisses to fit very well into the group ' s culture .  the only issues i see is that he would have to leave a high level position at  his current employee .  paulo issler,0,charles chen interview vince tanya interviewed charles today impressions excellent professional managerial experience good technical background deal valuation model implementation promisses fit well group culture issues see would leave high level position current employee paulo issler
"Subject: re :  frank ,  yes .  vince  from : frank hayden / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 07 : 51 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  vince ,  are you going to be able to make the power var meeting on thursday ?  frank",0,frank yes vince frank hayden enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject vince going able make power var meeting thursday frank
"Subject: the garp 2001 convention : invitation to speak  invitation to speak  garp 2001  the 2 nd annual risk management convention  13 th & 14 th february , 2001  ) marriott world trade center , new york  dear kaminski  further to my telephone conversation today with your secretary , shirley  crenshaw , and on behalf of the global association of risk professionals , i  have great pleasure in inviting you to speak at our 2 nd annual risk  management convention  ) garp 2001 .  this event has rapidly establishing itself as the risk management industry  , s  most important meeting point . garp 2000 reflected the key concerns of risk  management experts world - wide , with over 400 attendees in its first year .  three simultaneous streams address traditional pricing and risk management  techniques , along with specialised streams addressing new sectors , such as  the corporate world and the insurance industry . with a speaker panel of over  55 senior and executive financial professionals from investment banks ,  regulatory bodies , asset management firms , academics , insurers / re - insurers ,  corporate and system providers this is the financial risk management event  of the year .  key areas that this convention will consider include market risk ( stress  testing , liquidity , jump diffusion , evt ) , credit risk ( regulation , modeling ,  stress testing , credit portfolio management , credit derivatives ) ,  operational risk , ( regulation , data , modeling , validation , evt ) advanced  asset & liability management , corporate / energy risk management and the  insurance & capital markets .  from my research and discussions with experts in this arena your name was  highly recommended as a speaker for this event . below is the stream on  corporate / energy risk management and i had in mind one of the sessions  below for you . also , the topic titles are provisional and i am open to  suggested alterations .  corporate / energy risk management  modelling corporate risk  ) risk management from a shareholder value  perspective  measuring energy risk  ) tackling price volatility , adapting var , scenario  modelling and regulatory requirements  forward pricing  ) construction of the forward curve , correlations ,  transparency issues  the volatility challenge  ) modelling price volatility and examining the new  products designed to stabilise volatility  energy credit risk management  garp is a not - for - profit , independent organisation of risk management  practitioners and researchers from leading financial institutions  world - wide . garp  , s mission is to facilitate the exchange of information ,  developing educational programs and promoting standards in the area of  financial risk management . for more information please refer to our web  site : www . garp . com  i sincerely hope you will be able to accept this invitation and i look  forward to hearing from you in due course . should you have any questions  please do not hesitate to contact me , otherwise i will call you again on to  discuss this further .  best regards  andreas  ps i have also attached a copy of garps 2000 program for your attention .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  andreas simou  garp 2001 - conference producer  tel ? + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301  fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900  - draft programme . doc  - g 2000 b & wlowr . pdf",0,garp convention invitation speak invitation speak garp nd annual risk management convention th th february marriott world trade center new york dear kaminski telephone conversation today secretary shirley crenshaw behalf global association risk professionals great pleasure inviting speak nd annual risk management convention garp event rapidly establishing risk management industry important meeting point garp reflected key concerns risk management experts world wide attendees first year three simultaneous streams address traditional pricing risk management techniques along specialised streams addressing new sectors corporate world insurance industry speaker panel senior executive financial professionals investment banks regulatory bodies asset management firms academics insurers insurers corporate system providers financial risk management event year key areas convention consider include market risk stress testing liquidity jump diffusion evt credit risk regulation modeling stress testing credit portfolio management credit derivatives operational risk regulation data modeling validation evt advanced asset liability management corporate energy risk management insurance capital markets research discussions experts arena name highly recommended speaker event stream corporate energy risk management mind one sessions also topic titles provisional open suggested alterations corporate energy risk management modelling corporate risk risk management shareholder value perspective measuring energy risk tackling price volatility adapting var scenario modelling regulatory requirements forward pricing construction forward curve correlations transparency issues volatility challenge modelling price volatility examining new products designed stabilise volatility energy credit risk management garp profit independent organisation risk management practitioners researchers leading financial institutions world wide garp mission facilitate exchange information developing educational programs promoting standards area financial risk management information please refer web site www garp com sincerely hope able accept invitation look forward hearing due course questions please hesitate contact otherwise call discuss best regards andreas ps also attached copy garps program attention andreas simou garp conference producer tel fax draft programme doc g b wlowr pdf
"Subject: network design optimization .  fyi ,  attached document is a specification of the network design optimization  program . just in case you want to see how it looks like .  - chonawee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat  06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 34 pm  to : phil markwart / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : samer _ takriti @ enron . net  subject : network design optimization .  phil ,  the optimization engine is ready and the graphical user interface is almost  done . attached please find the updated network design optimization  specification . it contains some additions and modifications to the old  specification i sent you a while ago . the major changes are :  1 . the program now also supports ring design . and it can solve to optimality  2 . the graphical user interface is handled by visual basic on a pc . ( not on  the web browser as in the previous spec . ) .  please take a look at the specification document and let me know if there is  anything you want to add / change / remove . . . etc .  moreover , please do not forget to send us a test example .  we are buying cplex and will install it on our network . hopefully our it  teams can configure your machine to run it in a few weeks .  - chonawee",0,network design optimization fyi attached document specification network design optimization program case want see looks like chonawee forwarded chonawee supatgiat corp enron pm chonawee supatgiat pm phil markwart enron communications enron communications cc samer takriti enron net subject network design optimization phil optimization engine ready graphical user interface almost done attached please find updated network design optimization specification contains additions modifications old specification sent ago major changes program also supports ring design solve optimality graphical user interface handled visual basic pc web browser previous spec please take look specification document let know anything want add change remove etc moreover please forget send us test example buying cplex install network hopefully teams configure machine run weeks chonawee
"Subject: grand - slam stox  momentum alert issued for july 6 - 8 , 2005  explosive pick for our members - - up 0 . 52 ( 13 . 16 % ) ! tuesday july 5 th  ! ! ! ! ! see tuesday july 5 th , heavy trading has started 6 x its normal 10 day avg , ride the stairway to heaven ! ! ! !  good day to all broker ' s , day trader ' s and investor ' s world stock report  has become famous with some great stock picks in the otc , small cap  market ' s ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! here at world stock report we work on what we here  from the street . rumor ' s circulating and keeping the focus on the company ' s  news . we pick our companies based on there growth potential . we focus on  stocks that have great potential to move up in price . ! ! ! ! ! ! while giving  you liquitity .  our latest pick is cdgt .  symbol : cdgt  friday july lst $ 3 . 90  current price : $ 4 . 43  short term 5 day projection : $ 8 - 9  we give it to you again as a gift . this company is doing incredible things .  thay have cash and have made great strategic aquisitions . current price $ 4 . 43 .  word on the sreet is strong buy . this company has dropped big new ' s in the past .  who ' s to say they don ' t have another big one .  * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  press release source : china digital media corporation  china digital media corporation announces an investment in second television  drama - ' xiguan affairs '  hong kong , june 29 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation  ( ' ' digimedia ' ' ) ( otc : cdgt - news ; otc bulletin board : cdgt - news ) with its  subsidiaries ( together the ' ' group ' ' ) announced today the group is committed  to invest rmb 4 , 680 , 000 for a minority interests in a television drama ,  ' ' xiguan affairs ' ' , in the peoples republic of china with guangdong runshi  movie & music production co . , ltd . ( ' ' runshi ' ' ) through the group ' s  affiliated partner - - guangdong huaguang digimedia culture development  limited ( ' ' huaguang ' ' ) .  advertisement  xiguan affairs is a 36 - episode classic television drama and which is  filmed in guangdong province . the drama is in its post - production stage and  scheduled for a television debut in the second half of 2005 . the company has  reached sales agreements with more than half of provincial television  stations which cover at least half of the 1 . 14 billion tv viewers in china .  the company expects the drama will generate profits in 2005 .  ' ' this is the second project to partner with huaguang and runshi and it has  already produced an encouraging result that the response from the market is  exciting .  remember this is a stong buy recommendation . . .  disclaimer :  information within this email contains "" forwardlooking statements "" within  the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of  thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve  discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,  plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or  performance are not statements of historical fact and may be "" forward  looking statements . "" forwardlooking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made  that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual  results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use  of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" , "" will , "" "" anticipates , ""  "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" understands "" or that by statements indicating  certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur . risk factors include  general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop  specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer  and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has  little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent  that the information contained in this message states all material facts or  does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to  investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and  not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers  and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities  representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this  email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any  kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on  the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this  stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .  the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or  investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section  17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred  thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or  affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an  inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the  fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without  notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing  you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from  public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites  and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this  informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or  completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your  acceptance of these terms .",1,grand slam stox momentum alert issued july explosive pick members tuesday july th see tuesday july th heavy trading started x normal day avg ride stairway heaven good day broker day trader investor world stock report become famous great stock picks otc small cap market world stock report work street rumor circulating keeping focus company news pick companies based growth potential focus stocks great potential move price giving liquitity latest pick cdgt symbol cdgt friday july lst current price short term day projection give gift company incredible things thay cash made great strategic aquisitions current price word sreet strong buy company dropped big new past say another big one press release press release press release source china digital media corporation china digital media corporation announces investment second television drama xiguan affairs hong kong june xinhua prnewswire china digital media corporation digimedia otc cdgt news otc bulletin board cdgt news subsidiaries together group announced today group committed invest rmb minority interests television drama xiguan affairs peoples republic china guangdong runshi movie music production co ltd runshi group affiliated partner guangdong huaguang digimedia culture development limited huaguang advertisement xiguan affairs episode classic television drama filmed guangdong province drama post production stage scheduled television debut second half company reached sales agreements half provincial television stations cover least half billion tv viewers china company expects drama generate profits second project partner huaguang runshi already produced encouraging result response market exciting remember stong buy recommendation disclaimer information within email contains forwardlooking statements within meaning section aof securities act section b thesecurities exchange act statements express involve discussions respect predictions expectations beliefs plans projections objectives goals assumptions future events performance statements historical fact may forward looking statements forwardlooking statements based expectations estimates projections time statements made involve number risks uncertainties could cause actual results events differ materially presently anticipated forward looking statements action may identified use words projects foresee expects anticipates estimates believes understands statements indicating certain actions may could might occur risk factors include general economic business conditions ability acquire develop specific projects ability fund operations changes consumer business consumption habits factors overwhich company little control publisher newsletter represent information contained message states material facts omit material fact necessary make statements therein misleading information provided within email pertaining investing stocks securities must understood information provided investment advice publisher newsletter advises readers subscribers seek advice registered professional securities representative deciding trade stocks featured within email none material within report shall construed kind investment advice solicitation many companies verge bankruptcy lose money investing stock urge read company sec filings invest publisher newsletter registered invstment advisor subscribers view information herein legal tax accounting investment advice compliance securitiesact section b publisher newsletter contracted receive six hundred thousand free trading shares third party officer director affiliate shareholder circulation report aware inherent conflict interest resulting compensation due fact paid advertisement without bias party paid us position stock sell anytime without notice could negative impact price stock causing lose money factual information report gathered public sources including limited sec filings company websites company press releases publisher newsletter believes informationto eliable make guarantee accuracy completeness use material within email constitutes acceptance terms
"Subject: professional advertising  dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org :  we offer email marketing with best services .  1 . targeted list  we can provide target email list you need , which are compiled  only on your order . we will customize your client list .  * we have millions of lists in many categories .  2 . sending targeted list for you  we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will  customize your email list and send your ad for you .  * we also offer hosting & mailing server .  regards !  steve  marketing team  kzl 789 @ 56 . com  no and bye : bpserver @ hotmail . com",1,professional advertising dear projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org offer email marketing best services targeted list provide target email list need compiled order customize client list millions lists many categories sending targeted list send email message target clients customize email list send ad also offer hosting mailing server regards steve marketing team kzl com bye bpserver hotmail com
"Subject: invitation to sunday dinner with vince @ 6 . 30 pm  hi steve & ben ,  we are planning an early sunday dinner ( one of the few evening slots that are  free in vince ' s schedule ) at :  diverso restaurant  85 piccadilly  london wlv 9 hd  tel : 020 7491 2222  it ' s just a few yards to the left of park lane hotel on park lane , close to  hyde park corner underground and we ' ve been there before . vince would like  to discuss the latest developments and it seems like the best opportunity to  do so . please let me know if you can make it and i can make sure the table  is booked accordingly .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  p . s . vince will be staying at the park lane hotel , telephone number 0171 499  6321",0,invitation sunday dinner vince pm hi steve ben planning early sunday dinner one evening slots free vince schedule diverso restaurant piccadilly london wlv hd tel yards left park lane hotel park lane close hyde park corner underground vince would like discuss latest developments seems like best opportunity please let know make make sure table booked accordingly regards anjam x p vince staying park lane hotel telephone number
"Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain .  if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where people search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in multipie search engines .  submit your website oniine  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best reqards ,  marciewarren _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,online sales low enough visitors submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website oniine otherwise wili invisible virtually means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues way make site visible places people search information e submit website multipie search engines submit website oniine watch visitors stream e business best reqards marciewarren interested
"Subject: phone time  dear dr . kaminski  thanks for your arrangement . i have received email from shirley . either  wednesday or thursday will be fine to me . i am looking forward to talking to  you at that time . it is always my pleasure to work with you .  best wishes  quentin kerr  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au  room : 67 - 625 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428  department of mathematics , the university of queensland",0,phone time dear dr kaminski thanks arrangement received email shirley either wednesday thursday fine looking forward talking time always pleasure work best wishes quentin kerr quentin kerr email qkerr maths uq edu au room tel department mathematics university queensland
"Subject: my trip to india  tentative plan is like this :  leave houston : sun . 9 th to arrive bombay mon late night .  leave bombay for hyderabad fri 14 th .  leave for vijayawada 16 th night .  return to bombay and leave bombay on 19 th wed .  back to houston on thursday .  i will be taking vacation on 17 th & 18 th visiting my family . i don ' t have a  number for bombay , but i should be with sandeep kohli ( cell # below ) .  contact # s :  bombay 011 - 91 - 982 - 1068238 ( to 14 th )  hyderabad 011 - 91 - 40 - 7114833 ( 15 - 16 th )  vijayawada 011 - 91 - 866 - 430928 ( 17 - 18 th )  hopefully , there won ' t be too much of excitement on the flights , especially  in india !  krishna .",0,trip india tentative plan like leave houston sun th arrive bombay mon late night leave bombay hyderabad fri th leave vijayawada th night return bombay leave bombay th wed back houston thursday taking vacation th th visiting family number bombay sandeep kohli cell contact bombay th hyderabad th vijayawada th hopefully much excitement flights especially india krishna
"Subject: re : london contact number  hi anita ,  how are you ? i arrived yesterday late morning from the london gatwick  airport . due to rush hour traffic , etc . it took a while to get into the city  to the hotel .  also , due to may day ( may lst ) protests / riots , etc . , the hotel management  strongly recommended that we remain in the hotel .  however , i am in the office today . i can be reached via email or via  telephone at 44 ( 0 ) 207 783 5647 .  take care ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : dupont , anita  sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 5 : 23 pm  to : mmumford @ enron . com  cc : mack , iris ; crenshaw , shirley  subject : i . m . mack 30 apr - 15 may * * plse review for accuracy * * agent ce / ce  booking ref x 7 w 882 mack / iris eb 1972 enron corp  importance : high  see iris ' s itinerary below . i thought her initial plan was to land this  morning and come in to enron house in early afternoon . see itinerary for  phone number of hotel . let me know if i can help in any  other way . thanks . anita  service date from to depart  arrive  continental airlines 30 apr houston tx london gatwick 350 p  655 a  co 34 j mon g . bush iah gatwick 01 may  terminal dom terminal s  dinner / snack non stop  reservation confirmed 9 : 05 duration  vegetarian meal , non - dairy confirmed  aircraft : boeing 777 - 200 / 300  hotel 30 apr athenaeum hotel and apartments  11 may 116 piccadilly  london england , wlv obj  united kingdom  telephone : 44 - ( 0 ) - 207 - 499 - 3464  fax : 44 - ( 0 ) - 207 - 493 - 1860  confirmation : claire 25 apr  rate : rac gbp 270 . 00 per night  guarantee given  prereg actual arr lmay 655 am apartment  to avoid billing cancel by 6 pm 24 hrs prior  continental airlines 11 may london gatwick houston tx 1200 n  415 p  co 5 j fri gatwick g . bush iah  terminal s terminal dom  lunch / snack non stop  reservation confirmed 10 : 15 duration  vegetarian meal , non - dairy confirmed  aircraft : boeing 777 - 200 / 300",0,london contact number hi anita arrived yesterday late morning london gatwick airport due rush hour traffic etc took get city hotel also due may day may lst protests riots etc hotel management strongly recommended remain hotel however office today reached via email via telephone take care iris original message dupont anita sent tuesday may pm mmumford enron com cc mack iris crenshaw shirley subject mack apr may plse review accuracy agent ce ce booking ref x w mack iris eb enron corp importance high see iris itinerary thought initial plan land morning come enron house early afternoon see itinerary phone number hotel let know help way thanks anita service date depart arrive continental airlines apr houston tx london gatwick p co j mon g bush iah gatwick may terminal dom terminal dinner snack non stop reservation confirmed duration vegetarian meal non dairy confirmed aircraft boeing hotel apr athenaeum hotel apartments may piccadilly london england wlv obj united kingdom telephone fax confirmation claire apr rate rac gbp per night guarantee given prereg actual arr lmay apartment avoid billing cancel pm hrs prior continental airlines may london gatwick houston tx n p co j fri gatwick g bush iah terminal terminal dom lunch snack non stop reservation confirmed duration vegetarian meal non dairy confirmed aircraft boeing
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ail iisted software is avaiiable for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few exampies :  - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe !  best regards ,  herminia ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions german french spanish uk many others ail iisted software avaiiable immediate download need wait week cd delivery exampies norton internet security pro windows xp professionai sp fuii version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite includinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianguaqe best regards herminia
"Subject: online notification : your money is ready  dear applicant ,  after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 3 % lower rate .  your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan .  please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one .  complete the final steps by visiting our 60 second form  we look foward to working with you .  thank you ,  christine larson , account manager  belico and associates , llc .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  not interested - http : / / www . morntix - star . net / r . php ",1,online notification money ready dear applicant review upon receiving application current mortgage qualifies lower rate new monthly payment low month loan please confirm information order us finalize loan may also apply new one complete final steps visiting second form look foward working thank christine larson account manager belico associates llc interested http www morntix star net r php
"Subject: work from home . free info  we need help . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , and we have  grown 1000 % ! we cannot keep up . we are looking for individuals who  want to work at home , and make a good living .  so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has  vast opportunities , then go :  http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity  and fill out our info form . no experience required , we will train you .  no committment is required by filling out the form , it is for info  only .  http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity  you want to be independent ? then make it happen !  happen !  simply click on the link below for free , no obligated information !  guaranteed !  http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity  to be removed from our link simple go to : ",1,work home free info need help year old fortune company grown keep looking individuals want work home make good living looking employed home career vast opportunities go http www lotsonet com opportunity fill info form experience required train committment required filling form info http www lotsonet com opportunity want independent make happen happen simply click link free obligated information guaranteed http www lotsonet com opportunity removed link simple go
"Subject: we are on the look - out for new partners such as you and your company  we are on the look - out  for new partners such as you and your company  whether you want to buy or sell , bluecom danmark a / s is worth closer acquaintance  bluecom danmark a / s is a worldwide it - distributor of pc - systems and add - ons .  since it ' s foundation in 1992 the company has enjoyed constant growth , and is  always on the look out for new partners to cooperate with .  we have found you and your company through our internet research , and hope to  establish a fruitful cooperation with you in the future . however , we apologies  if you are not the correct person to contact within your company , and kindly  request that you forward this message to that person . further , if this letter  is of no interest to you and your company , please press the "" unsubscribe "" button  in this mail .  the easiest way to start cooperating with bluecom danmark a / s is through our  user - friendly website . if any of the features detailed below are of interest  to your company , please click on the link and our cooperation has already begun .  customer :  would you like the best prices on the market , plus 24 - hour delivery and an  incredible 30 days credit ?  then maybe you would like to become our partner or customer .  we are able to offer the absolute best prices on the market because of our large - scale  procurement of a small number of specific products . our range includes products  from ibm , compaq and hp options such as notebooks , pcs and monitors . we also  offer pc parts such as ram , cpus , vga cards , motherboards , wireless products ,  original mobile phones and accessories , hard disks , dvd , cd - rw , tft screens ,  from the following top companies : asus , ecs , abit , creative , intel , amd , u . s .  robotics , lg , plextor , belkin , benq , samsung , ibm software and many more .  besides delivering at the very best prices , we offer real - time updated prices  through our customer lounge , 24 - hour delivery all over europe and 30 days credit .  please click here : customers  lounge  supplier :  are you a future supplier to bluecom danmark a / s ?  bluecom danmark a / s keeps it suppliers updated on products in demand , the specific  volumes on request , and of course the target prices . if you would like to see  which products and target prices we are interested in right now ,  please click here : suppliers  lounge  everybody :  would you like to receive it news ?  bluecom danmark a / s offers it news for free . we produce a newsletter with  articles covering the changes in our industry , new products , tariff rates and  general trends in the it - market . the newsletter also contains information about  bluecom danmark a / s and the development of its business partners .  please click here : it - news  would you like more information about bluecom danmark a / s ?  for further information please do not hesitate to contact bluecom danmark a / s .  you can also visit our homepage at : www . bluecom . com  thanks for your time . we look forward to hearing from you .  best regards  jens fournais  managing director  bluecom danmark a / s  to unsubscribe from this mailing  list , please click here : unsubscribe  ( you are subscribed with this e - mail address : fork @ spamassassin . taint . org ) ",1,look new partners company look new partners company whether want buy sell bluecom danmark worth closer acquaintance bluecom danmark worldwide distributor pc systems add ons since foundation company enjoyed constant growth always look new partners cooperate found company internet research hope establish fruitful cooperation future however apologies correct person contact within company kindly request forward message person letter interest company please press unsubscribe button mail easiest way start cooperating bluecom danmark user friendly website features detailed interest company please click link cooperation already begun customer would like best prices market plus hour delivery incredible days credit maybe would like become partner customer able offer absolute best prices market large scale procurement small number specific products range includes products ibm compaq hp options notebooks pcs monitors also offer pc parts ram cpus vga cards motherboards wireless products original mobile phones accessories hard disks dvd cd rw tft screens following top companies asus ecs abit creative intel amd u robotics lg plextor belkin benq samsung ibm software many besides delivering best prices offer real time updated prices customer lounge hour delivery europe days credit please click customers lounge supplier future supplier bluecom danmark bluecom danmark keeps suppliers updated products demand specific volumes request course target prices would like see products target prices interested right please click suppliers lounge everybody would like receive news bluecom danmark offers news free produce newsletter articles covering changes industry new products tariff rates general trends market newsletter also contains information bluecom danmark development business partners please click news would like information bluecom danmark information please hesitate contact bluecom danmark also visit homepage www bluecom com thanks time look forward hearing best regards jens fournais managing director bluecom danmark unsubscribe mailing list please click unsubscribe subscribed e mail address fork spamassassin taint org
"Subject: security alert - confirm your ebay information  ebay suspension  need help ?  dear valued ebay member ,  we regret to inform you that your ebay account has been suspended due  to concerns we have for the safety and integrity of the ebay community .  per the user agreement , section 9 , we may immediately issue a warning ,  temporarily suspend , indefinitely suspend or terminate your membership  and refuse to provide our services to you if we believe that your  actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you , our users or  us . we may also take these actions if we are unable to verify or  authenticate any information you provide to us .  due to the suspension of this account , please be advised you are  prohibited from using ebay in any way . this includes the update of your actual  account .  if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and  update your personal records you will not run into any future problems  with the online service .  please update your records by the 23 of july .  once you have updated your account records your ebay session will not be  interrupted and will  continue as normal .  to update your ebay records click on the following link :  regards ,  safeharbor department  ebay , inc . ",1,security alert confirm ebay information ebay suspension need help dear valued ebay member regret inform ebay account suspended due concerns safety integrity ebay community per user agreement section may immediately issue warning temporarily suspend indefinitely suspend terminate membership refuse provide services believe actions may cause financial loss legal liability users us may also take actions unable verify authenticate information provide us due suspension account please advised prohibited using ebay way includes update actual account could please take minutes online experience update personal records run future problems online service please update records july updated account records ebay session interrupted continue normal update ebay records click following link regards safeharbor department ebay inc
"Subject: journal of applied corporate finance  vince :  i hope you received the winter issue of the jacf . your article was great .  many of the issues and themes raised in that piece can be expanded upon . the  same holds for the round table discussion which included gene humphrey .  finally . i would love to get your assessment of the real option article i  wrote with gordon sick .  best regards ,  john l . mccormack  svp , stern stewart & co .  212 - 261 - 0740  note : the information contained in this message may be privileged and  confidential and protected from disclosure . if the reader of this message is  not the intended recipient , or an employee or agent responsible for  delivering this message to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified  that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is  strictly prohibited . if you have received this communication in error , please  notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your  computer . thank you . stern stewart & co .",0,journal applied corporate finance vince hope received winter issue jacf article great many issues themes raised piece expanded upon holds round table discussion included gene humphrey finally would love get assessment real option article wrote gordon sick best regards john l mccormack svp stern stewart co note information contained message may privileged confidential protected disclosure reader message intended recipient employee agent responsible delivering message intended recipient hereby notified dissemination distribution copying communication strictly prohibited received communication error please notify us immediately replying message deleting computer thank stern stewart co
"Subject: garp presentation  vince ,  would i be able to get a copy of your presentation last night at garp ? i  have a coworker who was unable to attend .  thanks ,  allen bryson  conoco inc",0,garp presentation vince would able get copy presentation last night garp coworker unable attend thanks allen bryson conoco inc
"Subject: re : follow up on houston opportunity  anjam ,  i have another meeting . please , talk to grant .  i shall catch him in the morning to review  where we stand .  vince  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : anjam ahmad 08 / 10 / 2000 08 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : follow up on houston opportunity  hi vince & grant ,  i was wondering if you would have some time to discuss the opportunity  tomorrow morning ( friday ) ? i am free from 10 am to 12 pm houston time .  thanks ,  anjam  x 35383",0,follow houston opportunity anjam another meeting please talk grant shall catch morning review stand vince enron capital trade resources corp europe anjam ahmad vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect cc subject follow houston opportunity hi vince grant wondering would time discuss opportunity tomorrow morning friday free pm houston time thanks anjam x
"Subject: porn p . o . : your 10 free pictures are here !  nakedmail is now porn p . o . !  below is the latest installment of free adult images from porn p . o . - brand new free pictures !  click this link to see the images : http : / / 65 . 59 . 170 . 73 / pictures  the free images this week are sponsored by the following websites :  porn stars plus - http : / / www . pornstarsplus . com / pt = pmb 8834  voted best pornstar site 3 years running .  xxx video plex - http : / / www . xxxvideoplex . com / pt = pmb 8834 /  over 1 million video streams and more .  toon megaplex - http : / / www . toonmegaplex . com / pt = pmb 8834  massive facials and sexy hardcore toon action .  past 40 - http : / / www . past 40 . com / pt = pmb 8834  because older ladies really know how to fuck .  lezbonet - http : / / www . lezbo . net / pt = pmb 8834  pussy lickin ' good ! 225 , 000 video streams included .  internet eraser - http : / / www . nakedmail . com / pictures / banners / eraser . html  your internet usage is being tracked ! download internet erase to protect your privacy .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  also sponsored this week by http : / / www . dvdxxxvideo . com  featuring mr . 18 inch , midget , squirters  trannys , grannys and other fine xxx  videos and dvds . even east indian movies !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  thanks for subscribing to porn p . o . ( nakedmail ) . if you ever want to unsubscribe , click the link below and you will be removed within 48 hours . if the link is temporarily unavailable , reply to this email with the word "" unsubscribe "" in the subject line .  to be unsubscribed from the porn p . o . mailing list simply click on the link below ",1,porn p free pictures nakedmail porn p latest installment free adult images porn p brand new free pictures click link see images http pictures free images week sponsored following websites porn stars plus http www pornstarsplus com pt pmb voted best pornstar site years running xxx video plex http www xxxvideoplex com pt pmb million video streams toon megaplex http www toonmegaplex com pt pmb massive facials sexy hardcore toon action past http www past com pt pmb older ladies really know fuck lezbonet http www lezbo net pt pmb pussy lickin good video streams included internet eraser http www nakedmail com pictures banners eraser html internet usage tracked download internet erase protect privacy also sponsored week http www dvdxxxvideo com featuring mr inch midget squirters trannys grannys fine xxx videos dvds even east indian movies thanks subscribing porn p nakedmail ever want unsubscribe click link removed within hours link temporarily unavailable reply email word unsubscribe subject line unsubscribed porn p mailing list simply click link
"Subject: martin lin ' s rotation into jim ' s group  hi paul and anad , please make the appropriate arrangements ( via enron corp .  aa pool ) to "" rotate "" martin lin into my group . as you know , i am heading up  the ebs research unit that is reporting to vince kaminski and stinson gibner  ( md & vp of enron research group , respectively ) . martin will work for jim  irvine and report to him on a day - to - day basis . martin will spend most of  his time at jim ' s office location . this arrangement is very similar to samar  khleif ' s role in portland with john mcclain ' s broadband delivery group .  martin has already discussed his rotation with jim irvine and scheduled to  start on march 1 , 00 . ebs research will be working very closely with jim  irvine and john griebling in the area of network planning and model  development ( traffic engineering in telecom - speak ) . martin has a ph . d . in  electrical engineering and has been working within research supporting  electricity transmission analysis and modeling .  regards ,  ravi .",0,martin lin rotation jim group hi paul anad please make appropriate arrangements via enron corp aa pool rotate martin lin group know heading ebs research unit reporting vince kaminski stinson gibner md vp enron research group respectively martin work jim irvine report day day basis martin spend time jim office location arrangement similar samar khleif role portland john mcclain broadband delivery group martin already discussed rotation jim irvine scheduled start march ebs research working closely jim irvine john griebling area network planning model development traffic engineering telecom speak martin ph electrical engineering working within research supporting electricity transmission analysis modeling regards ravi
Subject: follow - up meeting on wharton  good morning everyone :  vince would like to schedule a follow - up meeting on wharton as soon as  we can agree on a time .  how does monday the 18 th look for you ? vince is free from 9 : 30 am -  11 : 30 am and from 1 : 00 pm - 4 : 00 pm .  please let me know if you are available during any of these times .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  3 - 5290,0,follow meeting wharton good morning everyone vince would like schedule follow meeting wharton soon agree time monday th look vince free pm pm please let know available times thanks shirley crenshaw
"Subject: re : access to o ; . . .  please , grant access as requested .  vince kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 09 / 19 / 2000  03 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  daniel muschar @  enron  09 / 19 / 2000 03 : 27 pm  to : juan padron / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : access to o ; . . .  vince has this under control . he will forward it to the security group .  daniel a . muschar  juan padron  09 / 19 / 2000 02 : 22 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : daniel muschar / aa / corp / enron @ enron  subject : access to o ; . . .  vince , this e - mail is to request access to the o : / research / power  meteorlogy / weather temps / txtemps . xls file . . . i was told by tech - support to  e - mail you with this request and everything would get squared away .  daniel , could you please advise on what to do next . thank you . . .  juan  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by juan padron / na / enron on 09 / 19 / 2000 02 : 17  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  daniel  muschar  09 / 19 / 2000 09 : 14 am  to : juan padron / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : access to o ; . . .  i called security again and here is what is happening :  this request is waiting on the approver . stinson gibner :  here is the info on the user we are waiting on .  stinson ? ? gibner  contact info company info  phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 4748 employee type : enron employee  email : sgibner @ enron . com job title : vp research  location : eb 1963 supervisor : kaminski , wincenty j  fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2503 contract company : ect resources corp  cellular : company number : 0413  pager : cost center : 0000107043 click here for others in cost center  cost center name : na - research group ena  city : houston  bner or vince kaminski are the approvers for this directory",0,access please grant access requested vince kaminski forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm daniel muschar enron pm juan padron na enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject access vince control forward security group daniel muschar juan padron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc daniel muschar aa corp enron enron subject access vince e mail request access research power meteorlogy weather temps txtemps xls file told tech support e mail request everything would get squared away daniel could please advise next thank juan forwarded juan padron na enron pm daniel muschar juan padron na enron enron cc subject access called security happening request waiting approver stinson gibner info user waiting stinson gibner contact info company info phone employee type enron employee email sgibner enron com job title vp research location eb supervisor kaminski wincenty j fax contract company ect resources corp cellular company number pager cost center click others cost center cost center name na research group ena city houston bner vince kaminski approvers directory
"Subject: adv : direct email blaster , email addresses extractor , maillist verify , maillist manager . . . . . . . . . . .  direct email  blaster  the program will send mail at the  rate of over 1 , 000 e - mails per minute . legal and fast  sending bulk emailsbuilt in smtp  serverhave return pathcan check mail  addressmake error send address list ( remove or  send again ) support multi - threads . support  multi - smtp servers . manages your opt - in e - mail listsoffers an  easy - to - use interface ! easy to configure and use  download  now  maillist  verify  maillist verify is intended for e - mail addresses and mail  lists verifying . the main task is to determine which of addresses in the mail  list are dead . the program is oriented , basically , on programmers which have  their own mail lists to inform their users about new versions of their  programs .  the program works on the same algorithm as isp mail systems  do . mail servers addresses for specified address are extracted from dns . the  program tries to connect with found smtp - servers and simulates the sending of  message . it does not come to the message sending / nobr emv disconnect  as soon as mail server informs does this address exist or not . emv can  find  about 90 % of dead addresses / nobr some mail  systems receive all messages and only then see their  addresses and if the address is dead send the message  back with remark about it .  download now  express email  blaster  express email blaster is a very fast , powerful yet  simple to use email sender . utilizing multiple threads / connections  and multiple smtp servers your emails will be sent out  fast and easily . there are user information , attach files ,  address and mail logs four tabbed area for the e - mails  details for sending . about 25 smtp servers come with the  demo version , and users may add and delete smtp servers .  about 60 , 000 e - mails will be sent out per  hour . ""  download now  express email address  extractor  this program is the most efficient , easy to use  email address collector available on the  internet ! beijing express email address extractor ( expresseae ) is  designed to extract  e - mail addresses from web - pages on the  internet ( using http protocols ) . expresseae  supports operation through many proxy - server  and works very fast , as it is able of  loading several pages simultaneously , and requires  very few resources .  with it , you will be able  to use targeted searches to crawl the  world wide web , extracting  thousands of clean , fresh email  addresses . ably email address extractor is unlike other  address collecting programs , which  limit you to one or two search engines and are unable  to do auto searches huge address .  most of them collect a high percentage of incomplete ,  unusable addresses which will cause you  serious problems when using them in a mailing .  easier to learn and use than any  other email address collector program available .  accesses eight search  engines  add your own urls to the list to be  searched  supports operation through  a lot of proxy - server  and works very fast ( http proxy )  able of loading several pages  simultaneously  requires very few resources  timeout feature allows user to limit  the amount of time crawling in dead sites and traps .  easy to make huge address list  pause / continue extraction at any  time .  auto connection to the  internet  download now  express email address  downloader  expressead  is a 32 bit windows program for e - mail  marketing . it is intended for easy and convenient  search large  e - mail address lists from mail servers . the program can be operated  on  windows 95 / 98 / me / 2000  and nt .  expressead  support multi - threads ( up to 1024  connections ) .  expressead  has the ability to reconnect to the  mail server if the server has disconnected and  continue the searching  at the point where it has been interrupted .  expressead  has an ergonomic interface that is easy to  set up and simple to use .  features :  support  multi - threads .  auto get smtp server  address , support multi - smtp servers .  auto save e - mail  lists  offers an easy - to - use  interface !  download now  express maillist  manager  this program was designed to be a  complement to the direct email blaster  and email  blaster  suite of bulk email software  programs . its purpose is to organize your email lists in order to be  more  effective with your email marketing  campaign . some of its features include :  combine several lists into  one file . split up larger lists to make them more  manageable . remove addresses from file . manual editing , adding , and deleting of addresses . ability to auto clean lists , that is , remove any duplicate or unwanted  addresses . maintain all your address lists within the  program so you no longer need to keep all your  lists saved as separate text  files .  download now  if you want to remove your email , please send email to targetemailremoval @ btamail . net . cn ",1,adv direct email blaster email addresses extractor maillist verify maillist manager direct email blaster program send mail rate e mails per minute legal fast sending bulk emailsbuilt smtp serverhave return pathcan check mail addressmake error send address list remove send support multi threads support multi smtp servers manages opt e mail listsoffers easy use interface easy configure use download maillist verify maillist verify intended e mail addresses mail lists verifying main task determine addresses mail list dead program oriented basically programmers mail lists inform users new versions programs program works algorithm isp mail systems mail servers addresses specified address extracted dns program tries connect found smtp servers simulates sending message come message sending nobr emv disconnect soon mail server informs address exist emv find dead addresses nobr mail systems receive messages see addresses address dead send message back remark download express email blaster express email blaster fast powerful yet simple use email sender utilizing multiple threads connections multiple smtp servers emails sent fast easily user information attach files address mail logs four tabbed area e mails details sending smtp servers come demo version users may add delete smtp servers e mails sent per hour download express email address extractor program efficient easy use email address collector available internet beijing express email address extractor expresseae designed extract e mail addresses web pages internet using http protocols expresseae supports operation many proxy server works fast able loading several pages simultaneously requires resources able use targeted searches crawl world wide web extracting thousands clean fresh email addresses ably email address extractor unlike address collecting programs limit one two search engines unable auto searches huge address collect high percentage incomplete unusable addresses cause serious problems using mailing easier learn use email address collector program available accesses eight search engines add urls list searched supports operation lot proxy server works fast http proxy able loading several pages simultaneously requires resources timeout feature allows user limit amount time crawling dead sites traps easy make huge address list pause continue extraction time auto connection internet download express email address downloader expressead bit windows program e mail marketing intended easy convenient search large e mail address lists mail servers program operated windows nt expressead support multi threads connections expressead ability reconnect mail server server disconnected continue searching point interrupted expressead ergonomic interface easy set simple use features support multi threads auto get smtp server address support multi smtp servers auto save e mail lists offers easy use interface download express maillist manager program designed complement direct email blaster email blaster suite bulk email software programs purpose organize email lists order effective email marketing campaign features include combine several lists one file split larger lists make manageable remove addresses file manual editing adding deleting addresses ability auto clean lists remove duplicate unwanted addresses maintain address lists within program longer need keep lists saved separate text files download want remove email please send email targetemailremoval btamail net cn
"Subject: re : charm conference call  jim ,  i was on vacation last week . i shall be out tuesday and wednesday .  what about a call next week ?  vince  james l bouillion  02 / 07 / 2001 09 : 32 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , jonathan  davis / hou / ect @ ect , kate lucas / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : charm conference call  please let me know what works for you . i have a meeting monday from 10 : 00  a . m . through lunch . please advise .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james l bouillion / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001  07 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" bertil olsson "" on 02 / 06 / 2001 10 : 37 : 21 am  to : james . l . bouillion @ enron . com  cc :  subject : charm conference call  carl and i are both available either monday 12 th or tuesday 13 th . we can do  either am or pm but would prefer am if possible . please let me know your  preference and i will set it up .  regards ,  bertil  the information in this email and in any attachments is confidential and  may be privileged . if you are not the intended recipient , please destroy  this message , delete any copies held on your systems and notify the sender  immediately . you should not retain , copy or use this email for any  purpose , nor disclose all or any part of its content to any other person .",0,charm conference call jim vacation last week shall tuesday wednesday call next week vince james l bouillion vince j kaminski hou ect ect kevin kindall corp enron enron jonathan davis hou ect ect kate lucas hou ect ect cc subject charm conference call please let know works meeting monday lunch please advise forwarded james l bouillion hou ect bertil olsson james l bouillion enron com cc subject charm conference call carl available either monday th tuesday th either pm would prefer possible please let know preference set regards bertil information email attachments confidential may privileged intended recipient please destroy message delete copies held systems notify sender immediately retain copy use email purpose disclose part content person
"Subject: complexity science seminar confirmation  confirmation  date : april 18 th , 2001  time : 11 : 30 am - 1 : 30 pm  location : koch industries  20 e . greenway plaza  conference room 1  dress is business casual .  parking is free . there is parking available in the koch building or across  the street in a lot .  lunch will be provided and is scheduled to start at 11 : 15 am .  please feel free to pass along the word to anyone you think might like to  join us . information can be found on our website at http : / / www . nesanet . org /  or the can contact me at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 with any questions .  thanks ,  lana moore",0,complexity science seminar confirmation confirmation date april th time pm location koch industries e greenway plaza conference room dress business casual parking free parking available koch building across street lot lunch provided scheduled start please feel free pass along word anyone think might like join us information found website http www nesanet org contact questions thanks lana moore
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe goiive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe lliustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  aima ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professional adobe premiere pro corel designer quickbooks professionai edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe goiive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corel painter lx adobe lliustrator cs adobe indesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker uiead cooi production studio alias motion buiider professionai quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely aima
"Subject: update / event time change  shirley , this is the committee that i discussed with you this morning . the  below email outlines the time required . thanks for your consideration .  anita  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 55  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm  charla reese @ enron _ development  charla reese @ enron _ development  charla reese @ enron _ development  11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm  11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm  to : daryl kitchen @ enron communications , missy stevens @ enron , misha  siegel @ ect , zulie flores / corp / enron @ enron , maggie  valles / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rose  rivera / enron _ development @ enron _ development , donnis traylor / hou / ees @ ees ,  raquel guerrero @ enron communications , elsie lew @ ect , mary  ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron , rebecca longoria @ enron , joy werner @ enron , david  tagliarino @ ect , janie bonnard , sylvia thomas @ enron , lillian villarreal @ enron ,  valerie villareal / hou / ees @ ees , stephanie baker / hou / ees @ ees , dianne  langeland / enron _ development , laura schwartz @ enron , deb gebhardt @ enron ,  heather alon @ ect , michael cuccia / corp / enron @ enron , bert frazier @ ect , susan  rouse @ ees , sandy lewelling @ enron communications , sonia garcia / hou / ees @ ees ,  dolores escamilla @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc : elyse kalmans @ enron , greg grissom @ enron  subject : update / event time change  thanks to everyone for attending the meeting today !  event time change ! ! !  i just spoke with the office of the chairman and have learned that ken and  jeff are actually available during the morning of december 19 th from 8 : 00 am  until 11 : 00 am . as a result , our plans have changed just a little and i have  requested whether or not they are willing to pose for polaroid pictures with  employees - i ' ll let you know what i find out ! we will still have the jazz  duet and informational poster displays in the lobby throughout the day and  instead of dessert items , we ' ll order breakfast stuff .  assignments / budget ! ! ! !  please note assignments below ; for each team , collaborate between now and our  next meeting to determine what purchases need to be made - budgets will be  discussed at that meeting . again , it will be on wednesday , december 6 th from  9 : 30 am until 10 : 30 am with the location tbd .  kwanzaa - daryl kitchen * / liz taylor  chinese new year - elsie lew * / anita dupont  las posadas - zulie flores * / maggie valles / lillian villeral  christmas - donnis traylor * / missy stevens / michael cuccia  chanukah - laura schwartz * / heather alon  ramadan - sylvia thomas * / janie bonnard / dianne langeland  st . lucia - joy werner * / stephanie baker  devali - sonia garcia * / sophie patel / rebecca longoria  greeters / traffic control / corsages - sandy lewelling  executive floor - deb gebhardt  logistics - charla reese ( communication , entertainment , food , picture holders )  photographer - laura schwartz  houston children ' s choir - misha siegel  * indicates holiday team leader  responsibilities  attend planning committee meetings and work with other volunteers assigned to  your holiday .  research meaning of holiday and determine appropriate decorations , symbols , &  food items - purchase after budget approval .  create information sheet for employee hand - out .  decorate between 7 : 00 am and 8 : 00 am on 12 / 19 .  be creative ! ( play appropriate recorded music , dress up in related clothing ,  etc . )  ensure office is manned during open house ( 8 : 00 am - 11 : 00 am ) - answer any  questions , pass out materials , etc .  recruit additional volunteers !  additional volunteers  delores escamilla  val villeral  raquel guerrero  bert frazier  david tagliarino  rose riveria  thank you !  charla  x 35202",0,update event time change shirley committee discussed morning email outlines time required thanks consideration anita forwarded anita dupont na enron pm pm charla reese enron development charla reese enron development charla reese enron development pm pm daryl kitchen enron communications missy stevens enron misha siegel ect zulie flores corp enron enron maggie valles enron development enron development rose rivera enron development enron development donnis traylor hou ees ees raquel guerrero enron communications elsie lew ect mary ellenberger corp enron enron rebecca longoria enron joy werner enron david tagliarino ect janie bonnard sylvia thomas enron lillian villarreal enron valerie villareal hou ees ees stephanie baker hou ees ees dianne langeland enron development laura schwartz enron deb gebhardt enron heather alon ect michael cuccia corp enron enron bert frazier ect susan rouse ees sandy lewelling enron communications sonia garcia hou ees ees dolores escamilla ect anita dupont na enron enron cc elyse kalmans enron greg grissom enron subject update event time change thanks everyone attending meeting today event time change spoke office chairman learned ken jeff actually available morning december th result plans changed little requested whether willing pose polaroid pictures employees let know find still jazz duet informational poster displays lobby throughout day instead dessert items order breakfast stuff assignments budget please note assignments team collaborate next meeting determine purchases need made budgets discussed meeting wednesday december th location tbd kwanzaa daryl kitchen liz taylor chinese new year elsie lew anita dupont las posadas zulie flores maggie valles lillian villeral christmas donnis traylor missy stevens michael cuccia chanukah laura schwartz heather alon ramadan sylvia thomas janie bonnard dianne langeland st lucia joy werner stephanie baker devali sonia garcia sophie patel rebecca longoria greeters traffic control corsages sandy lewelling executive floor deb gebhardt logistics charla reese communication entertainment food picture holders photographer laura schwartz houston children choir misha siegel indicates holiday team leader responsibilities attend planning committee meetings work volunteers assigned holiday research meaning holiday determine appropriate decorations symbols food items purchase budget approval create information sheet employee hand decorate creative play appropriate recorded music dress related clothing etc ensure office manned open house answer questions pass materials etc recruit additional volunteers additional volunteers delores escamilla val villeral raquel guerrero bert frazier david tagliarino rose riveria thank charla x
"Subject: new information about transfers  hi , vince ,  i had a chance to talk to my direct boss tom moore ( director ) about the  possibility of transfers to research group .  he had a positive reaction , he thinks me is a good fit for the research .  hope this is useful information .  regards  ningya  ( 3 - 5248 )",0,new information transfers hi vince chance talk direct boss tom moore director possibility transfers research group positive reaction thinks good fit research hope useful information regards ningya
"Subject: forma platnosci z "" inzynierie finansowa ""  uprzejmie informuje , ze przyjmujemy czeki , ale niechetnie . wysokie koszty  przy realizacji czekow .  gdyby rodziana sz . pana wplacila naleznosc w zlotowkach , to odpadna koszta  bankowe - 5 $ . naleznosc w zl wynosi 81 zl lub 99 zl ( lot ) .  w liscie pomylilam sie ? - zamiast 25 , 25 $ napisalam 15 , 25 $ . przepraszam .  wplacenie pieniedzy w polsce znacznie przyspieszy wysylke .  ewentualny czek prosze przyslac na sume 25 , 25 $ lub 29 , 75 $  pozdrawiam serdecznie  grazyna piesniewska",0,forma platnosci z inzynierie finansowa uprzejmie informuje ze przyjmujemy czeki ale niechetnie wysokie koszty przy realizacji czekow gdyby rodziana sz pana wplacila naleznosc w zlotowkach odpadna koszta bankowe naleznosc w zl wynosi zl lub zl lot w liscie pomylilam sie zamiast napisalam przepraszam wplacenie pieniedzy w polsce znacznie przyspieszy wysylke ewentualny czek prosze przyslac na sume lub pozdrawiam serdecznie grazyna piesniewska
"Subject: re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  fyi .  this is the list of the petronas executives visiting enron on feb 8 .  i have invited them to lunch . would you like to join me for lunch .  i would like to propose a short courtesy meeting at 10 with jeff / john ( 5 -  10 minutes ) ,  followed by rac / research presentation till 11 : 30 .  vince  p . s . i shall reserve a conference room for this meeting  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 08 / 2001  10 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  azminab @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 07 / 2001 06 : 37 : 33 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ,  khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my  cc :  subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear kaminski  4 members from corporate risk management unit  1 . iqbal abdullah - general manager  2 . nur azmin abu bakar - head , risk assessment & controls  3 . zulkifli a rahim - head , risk measurement & systems  4 . adnan adams - head , special projects  regards  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 45 : 02 pm  to : azminab @ petronas . com . my  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear mr . nur azmin abu bakar ,  thanks for your prompt reply .  please , let us know how many members of your team will  visit enron .  i look forward to our meeting on february 8 .  vince kaminski  azminab @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 02 / 2001 06 : 38 : 33 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my ,  shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear kaminski ,  happy new year and thank you for the reply . we are honored to have  lunch with you and your team however we have another appointment at  2 . 30 p . m .  regards  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 03 / 01 / 2001 07 : 38 : 19 am  to : azminab @ petronas . com . my  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear sir ,  i would like to apologize for the delay in responding to your fax .  i was on vacation for the last few days .  i shall be honored to meet your delegation on thursday , february 8 at 10 : 00  a . m .  please , let me know if you will be free for lunch after the meeting .  vince kaminski",0,meeting feb fyi list petronas executives visiting enron feb invited lunch would like join lunch would like propose short courtesy meeting jeff john minutes followed rac research presentation till vince p shall reserve conference room meeting forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect azminab petronas com pm vince j kaminski enron com shirley crenshaw enron com khairuddinbmjaafar petronas com cc subject meeting feb dear kaminski members corporate risk management unit iqbal abdullah general manager nur azmin abu bakar head risk assessment controls zulkifli rahim head risk measurement systems adnan adams head special projects regards vince j kaminski enron com pm azminab petronas com cc vince j kaminski enron com shirley crenshaw enron com subject meeting feb dear mr nur azmin abu bakar thanks prompt reply please let us know many members team visit enron look forward meeting february vince kaminski azminab petronas com pm vince j kaminski enron com khairuddinbmjaafar petronas com shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject meeting feb dear kaminski happy new year thank reply honored lunch team however another appointment p regards vince j kaminski enron com azminab petronas com cc vince j kaminski enron com shirley crenshaw enron com subject meeting feb dear sir would like apologize delay responding fax vacation last days shall honored meet delegation thursday february please let know free lunch meeting vince kaminski
"Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  shmuel ,  sorry for not getting back to you earlier .  if the 23 rd of october is still open , i can make the presentation on this  day .  vince  "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 18 : 15 am  to :  cc :  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  originally you mentioned october 23 so i reserved that week which is still  open .  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc : ; ;  sent : wednesday , august 30 , 2000 9 : 03 am  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  >  > shmuel ,  >  > let ' s see if we can either rearrange the seminar speakers  > or change the date of our visit to the campus . ashley baxter , our  > coordinator is very efficient and  > got a faculty room for a presentation on monday morning on the 16 th .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 29 / 2000 05 : 37 : 33 pm  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  >  >  > dear vince . i spoke too soon . apparently the seminar slot on the 16 was  > already filled . i will see if i can switch the speaker for that week to  the  > following week . in any case we are on for dinner on the 16 .  > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > shmuel s . oren , professor  > dept . of industrial engineering  > and operations research  > 4117 etcheverry hall  > university of california  > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from :  > to :  > cc : ;  > sent : tuesday , august 29 , 2000 5 : 01 pm  > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  >  >  > >  > > shmuel ,  > >  > > the date of our trip to berkeley has been set . it will be october 16 th  > and  > > 17 th  > > ( monday and tuesday ) .  > >  > > i shall be glad to make a presentation on energy derivatives markets  > > ( development of the markets in the us and europe , valuation  difficulties ,  > > enron ' s role  > > in developing the forward markets for natural gas and electricity ) .  > >  > > please , let me know if this topic would be of interest to you . if this  is  > > the  > > case , i shall follow with a title and an abstract .  > >  > > by the way , are you free for dinner on monday ?  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 59 : 38 am  > >  > > to : "" vince j kaminski ""  > > cc :  > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > >  > >  > > great . our seminars are 3 : 30 to 5 pm . if it works for you please send me  a  > > title and abstract .  > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > shmuel s . oren , professor  > > dept . of industrial engineering  > > and operations research  > > 4117 etcheverry hall  > > university of california  > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > >  > > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > > from : "" vince j kaminski ""  > > to : "" shmuel oren ""  > > cc : "" vince j kaminski "" ; "" ashley baxter ""  > >  > > sent : thursday , august 24 , 2000 9 : 58 am  > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > >  > >  > > >  > > >  > > > shmuel ,  > > >  > > > thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley  baxter ,  > > > to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd  > > > if this date works for the rest of our team .  > > >  > > > vince  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am  > > >  > > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  > > > cc :  > > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > > dear vince .  > > > i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you  > about  > > the  > > > date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you  > can  > > > schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a  > > seminar  > > > which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty  and  > > will  > > > give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with  > sufficient  > > > lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their  > > financial  > > > engineering students .  > > > shmuel .  > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > > shmuel s . oren , professor  > > > dept . of industrial engineering  > > > and operations research  > > > 4117 etcheverry hall  > > > university of california  > > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > >  > > > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > > > from :  > > > to : ; ;  > > >  > > > sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am  > > > subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > > >  > > >  > > > > shmuel ,  > > > >  > > > > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian ,  > a  > > > > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible ,  > among  > > > > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical  > > > > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give  > you  > > a  > > > > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague ,  > > > > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join  > me  > > > > as well .  > > > >  > > > > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst /  associate  > > > > program .  > > > >  > > > > vince kaminski  > > > >  > > > >  > > > > vincent kaminski  > > > > managing director - research  > > > > enron corp .  > > > > 1400 smith street  > > > > room ebl 962  > > > > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  > > > >  > > > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > > > > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > > > > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  > > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,hello vince kaminski enron shmuel sorry getting back earlier rd october still open make presentation day vince shmuel oren cc subject hello vince kaminski enron originally mentioned october reserved week still open shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message cc sent wednesday august subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel let see either rearrange seminar speakers change date visit campus ashley baxter coordinator efficient got faculty room presentation monday morning th vince shmuel oren pm cc subject hello vince kaminski enron dear vince spoke soon apparently seminar slot already filled see switch speaker week following week case dinner shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message cc sent tuesday august pm subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel date trip berkeley set october th th monday tuesday shall glad make presentation energy derivatives markets development markets us europe valuation difficulties enron role developing forward markets natural gas electricity please let know topic would interest case shall follow title abstract way free dinner monday vince shmuel oren vince j kaminski cc subject hello vince kaminski enron great seminars pm works please send title abstract shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message vince j kaminski shmuel oren cc vince j kaminski ashley baxter sent thursday august subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel thanks message working recruiter ashley baxter finalize date trip shall shoot october rd date works rest team vince shmuel oren vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject hello vince kaminski enron dear vince sent reply earlier month heard date visit department seminar every monday schedule visit monday would like invite give seminar attended many graduate students faculty give opportunity tell program sufficient lead time advertise seminar hass school financial engineering students shmuel shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message sent tuesday august subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel hope remember visited together aram sogomonian good friend mine years ago currently responsible among things recruiting graduates finance technical backgrounds university berkeley would glad give call talk details program colleague ashleybaxter analyst associate program enron would join well sending copy brochure analyst associate program vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: major stock play  amnis systems , inc . ( otcbb : amnm )  contract announcements and huge newsletter coverage this week for amnm ! ! !  this thursday amnm will be profiled by some major newsletters . there will be huge volume and a strong  increase in price for several days . these are the same newsletters that profiled clks two weeks ago .  they brought clks from $ 1 . 50 to $ 4 . 35 in ten days . we know for certain that the same groups are going  to profile amnm starting on thursday .  we are very proud that we can share this information with you so that you can make a profit out of it .  it is highly advisable to take a position in amnm as soon as possible , today before the market closes ,  or tomorrow .  the stock is trading near its 52 week low , and will start moving up immediately . we believe the stock  could easiely reach $ 4 in less than a month .  good luck and watch amnm fly this week ! !",1,major stock play amnis systems inc otcbb amnm contract announcements huge newsletter coverage week amnm thursday amnm profiled major newsletters huge volume strong increase price several days newsletters profiled clks two weeks ago brought clks ten days know certain groups going profile amnm starting thursday proud share information make profit highly advisable take position amnm soon possible today market closes tomorrow stock trading near week low start moving immediately believe stock could easiely reach less month good luck watch amnm fly week
"Subject: re : implementing term - structure of correlations for power  tanya ,  while there is seasonal correlations in power , especially for np - 15  and sp - 15 ( same region ) , the term structure of correlations can be input .  however , the same correlation structure with similar periodicity may not hold  between np - 15 and , say , rlb ( neepool ) , though one would imagine that  relationship would still be seasonal ( summer / winter ) , with greater noise .  even if the correlational term structure is to be done for power , different  rules would have to be inputted for different regions .  naveen  tanya tamarchenko @ ect  10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 42 am  to : vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect , naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc : kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , wenyao  jia / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : implementing term - structure of correlations for power  vlady  2 ) correlations are periodic with a period of 1 year ( this means we can use  12 correlation matrices calculated from  first 12 forward contracts and apply these matrices to other forward months ) ;  3 ) using decay factor makes the curves a little smoother .  implementation of multiple correlation matrices will not affect the speed of  calculations in var model significantly .  please , give me your response ,  thanks ,  tanya .",0,implementing term structure correlations power tanya seasonal correlations power especially np sp region term structure correlations input however correlation structure similar periodicity may hold np say rlb neepool though one would imagine relationship would still seasonal summer winter greater noise even correlational term structure done power different rules would inputted different regions naveen tanya tamarchenko ect vladimir gorny hou ect ect naveen andrews corp enron enron cc kirstee hewitt lon ect ect debbie r brackett hou ect ect wenyao jia hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject implementing term structure correlations power vlady correlations periodic period year means use correlation matrices calculated first forward contracts apply matrices forward months using decay factor makes curves little smoother implementation multiple correlation matrices affect speed calculations var model significantly please give response thanks tanya
"Subject: re : offsite meeting - - great divide lodge - - invited guest list  hi sheryl , please add david cox ' s name in the list . additionally , please  include chonawee supatgiat for research .  once john approves the current list and we get some feed back by talking to  people ' s admin to book attendees time .  ravi .  here is the latest version of the agenda .  sheryl lara  03 / 27 / 00 04 : 59 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / enron communications , john  griebling / enron communications @ enron communications , ravi thuraisingham / enron  communications @ enron communications  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : offsite meeting - - great divide lodge - - invited guest list  gentlemen :  attached please find the "" proposed "" final invitees list for the technical ,  research , and operations offsite meeting to be held april 27 - 29 , 2000 at the  great divide lodge in breckenridge , colorado . i am working with shirley  crenshaw to secure cost - efficient travel and meeting arrangements for the  entire group . in order to secure a group rate , we must make sure we have a  "" final headcount "" in place . please let me know by tuesday , march 28 th at  12 : 00 noon if you have any additions or corrections to the attached list .  many thanks in advance for your prompt attention !",0,offsite meeting great divide lodge invited guest list hi sheryl please add david cox name list additionally please include chonawee supatgiat research john approves current list get feed back talking people admin book attendees time ravi latest version agenda sheryl lara pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner enron communications john griebling enron communications enron communications ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject offsite meeting great divide lodge invited guest list gentlemen attached please find proposed final invitees list technical research operations offsite meeting held april great divide lodge breckenridge colorado working shirley crenshaw secure cost efficient travel meeting arrangements entire group order secure group rate must make sure final headcount place please let know tuesday march th noon additions corrections attached list many thanks advance prompt attention
"Subject: reminder for dinner on saturday dec 2 nd  this is to remind all of you of the dinner plan ( with  family ) at my house on saturday dec 2 nd . we will  expect you at about 6 : 00 pm .  address : 3410 s . briarpark ln , sugar land  directions ( from downtown ) :  take 59 south all the way past sam houston beltway 8 ,  and past highway 6 . take the next exit - - - first  colony blvd / sweetwater blvd . take a left at the  traffic light onto sweetwater blvd ( over the highway ) .  go straight on sweetwater blvd past a few traffic  lights and a few stop signs . after passing a golf  course on the right , you will get a subdivision  "" crescents on the green "" on the right , and a  subdivision "" briarwood "" on the left . take a left into  the briarwood subdivision and an immediate right onto  s . briarpark ln . ( there is only one street in the  subdivision ) . our house ( 3410 ) is right there - - - 3 rd  house from cul - de - sec .  phone : 281 265 8959  cell : 713 569 2438  vasant  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! shopping - thousands of stores . millions of products .  http : / / shopping . yahoo . com /",0,reminder dinner saturday dec nd remind dinner plan family house saturday dec nd expect pm address briarpark ln sugar land directions downtown take south way past sam houston beltway past highway take next exit first colony blvd sweetwater blvd take left traffic light onto sweetwater blvd highway go straight sweetwater blvd past traffic lights stop signs passing golf course right get subdivision crescents green right subdivision briarwood left take left briarwood subdivision immediate right onto briarpark ln one street subdivision house right rd house cul de sec phone cell vasant yahoo yahoo shopping thousands stores millions products http shopping yahoo com
"Subject: re : eol competitors  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by li sun / na / enron on 01 / 29 / 2001 11 : 18 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : drew ries / enron @ enronxgate on 01 / 29 / 2001 11 : 15 am  to : li sun / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : eol competitors  li ,  globally there are probably over 80 "" competitors "" to eol . none of these  competitors have a meaningful market share . some of the names that jump to  mind are the following , but it should be easy to find others by surfing the  web . good luck .  drew  dynergy direct  houston street  altra  true quote  intercontinental exchange  enymex  coral connect  koch energy  epetroleum . com  red meteor  trade spark  american petroleum exchange  fuel spot",0,eol competitors forwarded li sun na enron drew ries enron enronxgate li sun na enron enron cc subject eol competitors li globally probably competitors eol none competitors meaningful market share names jump mind following easy find others surfing web good luck drew dynergy direct houston street altra true quote intercontinental exchange enymex coral connect koch energy epetroleum com red meteor trade spark american petroleum exchange fuel spot
"Subject: re : summer associate position at enron  hi dmitri :  thank you for responding so quickly .  i have scheduled the telephone interview for wednesday , january 31 st  at 3 : 30 pm ( houston time ) . you may be ahead one hour ? the interview  will be for approximately 1 hour .  the research group that will be interviewing you will be :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  zimin lu director  we will call you at 615 - 496 - 1132 . if anything changes , please let me know .  thanks dmitri .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  dmitri villevald on 01 / 16 / 2001  11 : 42 : 05 pm  to : "" ' shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : summer associate position at enron  dear ms . crenshaw :  thank you for choosing me for the telephone interview . it is a great honor  for me to be interviewed by enron research group professionals . i will be  available for the interview on january 25 th - 26 th , january 29 th - 31 st  anytime from 3 : 00 pm to 6 : 00 pm . please let me know which time is the most  convenient for you . you can reach me by telephone ( home : 615 - 292 - 7122 ) .  also , i am always available at my cell phone ( 615 - 496 - 1132 ) .  to make sure that i will do my best during the interview , i will greatly  appreciate if you provide me with some details on the interview structure  and the type of questions i could expect .  again , thank you very much for the great opportunity to demonstrate and  prove my credentials , interest and desire to work for enron during this  summer . i am excited about the prospect of applying my skills at enron  research group as a summer associate . if i can provide more information or  answer additional questions , please , contact me either by telephone  ( 615 - 496 - 1132 ) or via e - mail ( dmitri . villevald @ owen 2002 . vanderbilt . edu ) .  sincerely ,  dmitri villevald  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com [ mailto : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , january 16 , 2001 9 : 40 am  to : dmitri villevald  subject : summer associate position at enron  good morning dmitri :  your resume was forwarded to the research group with enron by pavel  zadorozhny . they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you  at your convenience sometime within the next two weeks . it will be a  conference call and will include several of the research group .  this will determine where you might fit for the summer program .  please let me know some times that would be convenient for you and the  telephone number that you can be reached at .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  adminsitrative coordinator  enron research group  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,summer associate position enron hi dmitri thank responding quickly scheduled telephone interview wednesday january st pm houston time may ahead one hour interview approximately hour research group interviewing vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president zimin lu director call anything changes please let know thanks dmitri sincerely shirley crenshaw dmitri villevald pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject summer associate position enron dear ms crenshaw thank choosing telephone interview great honor interviewed enron research group professionals available interview january th th january th st anytime pm pm please let know time convenient reach telephone home also always available cell phone make sure best interview greatly appreciate provide details interview structure type questions could expect thank much great opportunity demonstrate prove credentials interest desire work enron summer excited prospect applying skills enron research group summer associate provide information answer additional questions please contact either telephone via e mail dmitri villevald owen vanderbilt edu sincerely dmitri villevald original message shirley crenshaw enron com mailto shirley crenshaw enron com sent tuesday january dmitri villevald subject summer associate position enron good morning dmitri resume forwarded research group enron pavel zadorozhny would like conduct telephone interview convenience sometime within next two weeks conference call include several research group determine might fit summer program please let know times would convenient telephone number reached sincerely shirley crenshaw adminsitrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: projects list  stinson ,  just want to give you a quick update about the current projects on my plate ,  so that you can update your blackbroad  1 ) wti trading simulation v . 2 , ready for you to review  2 ) storage valuation for paul bieinawski ( new )  3 ) product production margin modeling for doug friedman ( new )  need to model explicitly the jump piece . some new ideas for discussion .  4 ) espeed warrant valuation for randy petersen ( new )  5 ) correlation skew for larry may  6 ) credit exposure model , alex finished the coding , testing next  have you had a chance to review brad ' s back testing results for the storage  model ?  zimin",0,projects list stinson want give quick update current projects plate update blackbroad wti trading simulation v ready review storage valuation paul bieinawski new product production margin modeling doug friedman new need model explicitly jump piece new ideas discussion espeed warrant valuation randy petersen new correlation skew larry may credit exposure model alex finished coding testing next chance review brad back testing results storage model zimin
"Subject: re : subscriptions  stephanie ,  please , discontinue credit and renew the two other publications :  energy & power risk management and the journal of computational finance .  enron north america corp .  from : stephanie e taylor 12 / 12 / 2000 01 : 43 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : subscriptions  dear vince ,  we will be happy to renew your subscription to risk . in addition , the  following publications are up for renewal :  reg . subscription cost with corp . discount  credit $ 1145 . 00 $ 973 . 25  energy & power risk management $ 375 . 00 $ 318 . 75  the journal of computational finance $ 291 . 75 $ 247 . 99  if you wish to renew these , we will also take care of this for you . i would  appreciate your responding by december 18 th . please include your company and  cost center numbers with your renewal .  thank you ,  stephanie e . taylor  esource  713 - 345 - 7928",0,subscriptions stephanie please discontinue credit renew two publications energy power risk management journal computational finance enron north america corp stephanie e taylor pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject subscriptions dear vince happy renew subscription risk addition following publications renewal reg subscription cost corp discount credit energy power risk management journal computational finance wish renew also take care would appreciate responding december th please include company cost center numbers renewal thank stephanie e taylor esource
"Subject: acrobat pro 7 . 0 $ 69 . 95 systemworks  opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 adobe photoshop 9 . 03 windows xp pro 4 adobe acrobat 7 pro 5 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 norton antivirus 20058 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe illustrator 11 see more by this manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 86 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : mtiyn sales rank : # 1 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1144 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : a 6 ogcgbh sales rank : # 2 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 105043 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : lussv sales rank : # 3 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1796 reviews . write a review . adobe acrobat professional v 7 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : m 8 kb 2 xxm sales rank : # 4 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 107780 reviews . write a review .",1,acrobat pro systemworks opt email special offer unsubscribe search software top new titles sale office pro adobe photoshop windows xp pro adobe acrobat pro flash mx corel draw norton antivirus windows server alias maya wavefrtl adobe illustrator see manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought items microsoft office professional edition microsoftchoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code mtiyn sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review adobe photoshop cs v adobechoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code ogcgbh sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review microsoft windows xp professional longhorn edition microsoftchoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code lussv sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review adobe acrobat professional v adobechoose view titles list price price save availability available instant download coupon code kb xxm sales rank system requirements versions date coupon expires august st average customer review based reviews write review
"Subject: re : ebs var transaction policy  i have two things biting me .  first is time . i need to turn a draft for hannon and rice asap . so , the  value of a deliberative approach to coming up with a v @ r policy will quickly  evaporate if we take 2 weeks to study what the policy should say .  second , i have a unique situation . our concept of v @ r is really unlike the  rest of enron ' s today . what happens today is that network engineers  unilaterally make decisions about deployment , configuration and other matters  which effect the longs and shorts of our asset / contract portfolio that they  view strictly from a network operating standpoint .  a good example was a decision to move our primary terapop ( three large  servers storing 165 gigabytes each ) from portland to la . the servers are  already in place and purchased , so no capital was involved . but the  decision has huge ramifications on the future la / new york and other bandwidth  usage , and that cost money . now it could be that the la / new york cost is  cheaper than the portland / new york cost , the whole point is no one knows .  what our "" value - at - risk "" policy attempt to corral is these types of decisions  and put them into the hands of the risk management group , where the decision  will be made with at least some economic work behind it .  i really see the ebs v @ r policy to be misnamed , since we don ' t really have  the math done to calc v @ r . it really is a volumetric - based control policy  that says you can ' t make network changes over xx amount of megabytes ( a  storage measure ) or oc - 3 equivalents ( a bandwidth measure ) without risk  management making or approving the decision . i do believe that with  research ' s help , we can in time actually calculate the v @ r impact of such  decisions . at that time , the policy should be modified to set metrics based  on the v @ r calculations .  so if you have an open enough mind to let us co - op your word for a minute ,  we need to start turning the minds of the network industry people into  thinking about their decisions as having value effects . said directly ,  kevin hannon has given me authority to write a policy to move control over  significant network changes from the field to the trading floor , and i am  going to issue something now to effectuate that . . . . . .  so . . . i really want your views on what we are doing , but thought you needed  some flavor and an sense of the urgency . if you can weigh in , do so  quickly . . . . .  barry pearce  06 / 30 / 00 04 : 47 am  to : john echols / enron communications @ enron communications , lou casari / enron  communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : re : ebs var transaction policy  positive . . . .  - - - - - forwarded by barry pearce / enron communications on 06 / 30 / 00 04 : 49 am  - - - - -  ted murphy @ ect  06 / 29 / 00 11 : 33 am  to : barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron  cc :  subject : re : ebs var transaction policy  barry ,  conceptually , i see no reason that a process like this can not be  implemented . in some way we have attempted to do so through the enron corp  transaction approval process ( tap ) . i have forwarded to john a copy of this ,  along with the risk management policy . i ' ll let him share with you if ok ( i  really don ' t want to act as the firm ' s in - house kinko ' s ! ! ) . we have taken  the first step and done poorly on follow - up steps to create a very easy to  follow process for anything other than direct funded capital . however , some  process around a greater number of assets / deals is better than none . i  agree that i have not seen a really good fully baked one implemented , but i  think it is wrong not to try .  the only concerns i have is that , given that we want to have "" standard ""  metrics and approval processes around the firm , ebs creates a process / metric  which is complementary to and integrates with processes / metrics that the  other business units are subjected to .  ted  barry pearce @ enron communications  06 / 29 / 2000 09 : 09 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , ted  murphy / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications , john echols / enron  communications @ enron communications , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron  communications  subject : ebs var transaction policy  hey you guys ,  we are trying to implement a ' var transaction ' policy - and would like your  opinion .  this is going to be tough - because i ' m not sure we have implemented a  similiar policy across any of our other ' books ' - that is - we looking to  bring in all the accrual / operational assets as well as the mtm stuff  ( lambdas ) . to have a real - live ' configuration ' of the system .  if assets / routes / servers etc . . . are added - what is the impact on the ' value '  of the system and what it ' s worth .  john has attached a draft below - for your review and thoughts .  i can see how this works in a trading environment - when you actually know  the var of your whole trading portfolio . however - i ' ve not seen this done  with a mixture of mtm & accrual assets . add the spice of a ' operational  system ' valuation - and this will be tough to quantify and model .  step 1 - configure system and value it  step 2 - calculate a var on this . we will need to do some work here !  step 3 - calculate the incremental var of new deals / amendements / reconfigs etc  - tough . . . .  see what you think ?  b .  john echols  06 / 28 / 00 05 : 41 pm  to : jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , barry pearce / enron  communications @ enron communications , lou casari / enron communications @ enron  communications  cc :  subject : policies  here is a first rough draft of a "" value @ risk "" transaction policy .  i would like you to start looking at where we are going on the policy and get  some early thinking going on limits for the v @ r . for example , should we  effectively shut down all server relocations without approval , or allow some  level of mb of storage to be moved around or reconfigured ?  i need some commercial and industry realism for this . we may need rick  paiste or your industry helpers ( marquardt , etc . to help us ) .  barry , lou , i need your input .",0,ebs var transaction policy two things biting first time need turn draft hannon rice asap value deliberative approach coming v r policy quickly evaporate take weeks study policy say second unique situation concept v r really unlike rest enron today happens today network engineers unilaterally make decisions deployment configuration matters effect longs shorts asset contract portfolio view strictly network operating standpoint good example decision move primary terapop three large servers storing gigabytes portland la servers already place purchased capital involved decision huge ramifications future la new york bandwidth usage cost money could la new york cost cheaper portland new york cost whole point one knows value risk policy attempt corral types decisions put hands risk management group decision made least economic work behind really see ebs v r policy misnamed since really math done calc v r really volumetric based control policy says make network changes xx amount megabytes storage measure oc equivalents bandwidth measure without risk management making approving decision believe research help time actually calculate v r impact decisions time policy modified set metrics based v r calculations open enough mind let us co op word minute need start turning minds network industry people thinking decisions value effects said directly kevin hannon given authority write policy move control significant network changes field trading floor going issue something effectuate really want views thought needed flavor sense urgency weigh quickly barry pearce john echols enron communications enron communications lou casari enron communications enron communications cc subject ebs var transaction policy positive forwarded barry pearce enron communications ted murphy ect barry pearce enron communications enron communications enron cc subject ebs var transaction policy barry conceptually see reason process like implemented way attempted enron corp transaction approval process tap forwarded john copy along risk management policy let share ok really want act firm house kinko taken first step done poorly follow steps create easy follow process anything direct funded capital however process around greater number assets deals better none agree seen really good fully baked one implemented think wrong try concerns given want standard metrics approval processes around firm ebs creates process metric complementary integrates processes metrics business units subjected ted barry pearce enron communications stinson gibner hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect cc lou casari enron communications enron communications john echols enron communications enron communications jim fallon enron communications enron communications subject ebs var transaction policy hey guys trying implement var transaction policy would like opinion going tough sure implemented similiar policy across books looking bring accrual operational assets well mtm stuff lambdas real live configuration system assets routes servers etc added impact value system worth john attached draft review thoughts see works trading environment actually know var whole trading portfolio however seen done mixture mtm accrual assets add spice operational system valuation tough quantify model step configure system value step calculate var need work step calculate incremental var new deals amendements reconfigs etc tough see think b john echols pm jim fallon enron communications enron communications barry pearce enron communications enron communications lou casari enron communications enron communications cc subject policies first rough draft value risk transaction policy would like start looking going policy get early thinking going limits v r example effectively shut server relocations without approval allow level mb storage moved around reconfigured need commercial industry realism may need rick paiste industry helpers marquardt etc help us barry lou need input
"Subject: presenting funding with ease  the mort . . gage rates our company offers you are the lowest in 40 years !  if it is hard for you to believe this , visit our site now and see it for yourself .  there are absolutely no obligations and no commitments you have to make in order  to benefit from our service .  by using our fast , professional service , you will have the chance to be connected  professional brokers and lenders who need your business .  please fill the application below :  it takes 30 seconds only !  http : / / nineteenshots . com / realtor /  enjoy and have a nice day !  michael rickards  no more ?  http : / / nineteenshots . com / no /",1,presenting funding ease mort gage rates company offers lowest years hard believe visit site see absolutely obligations commitments make order benefit service using fast professional service chance connected professional brokers lenders need business please fill application takes seconds http nineteenshots com realtor enjoy nice day michael rickards http nineteenshots com
"Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender  this message was created automatically by mail delivery software ( exim ) .  a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its  recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed :  info @ markenweine . info  smtp error from remote mailer after rcpt to : :  host a . mx . markenweine . info [ 194 . 180 . 104 . 146 ] :  554 : relay access denied  - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - -  return - path :  received : from aji 232 . neoplus . adsl . tpnet . pl ( [ 83 . 25 . 242 . 232 ] helo = mailwisconsin . com )  by mail . work . de with smtp ( exim 3 . 35 # 1 ( debian ) )  id ldupje - 0006 gu - 00  for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 54 : 03 + 0200  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360200 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ markenweine . info  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie !",1,mail delivery failed returning message sender message created automatically mail delivery software exim message sent could delivered one recipients permanent error following address es failed info markenweine info smtp error remote mailer rcpt host mx markenweine info relay access denied copy message including headers return path received aji neoplus adsl tpnet pl helo mailwisconsin com mail work de smtp exim debian id ldupje gu tue jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo info markenweine info user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbelivabie
"Subject: dinner with vince kaminski  good morning mr . saksena :  reservations have been made for 6 : 00 pm , the evening of thursday ,  march 9 at latour d ' argent restaurant . the restaurant is located at 2011  ella blvd at t . c . jester blvd . men are required to wear a coat .  directions to restaurant :  coming from downtown houston :  take i - 45 north to 610 west .  take 610 west to ella blvd exit .  go south ( back under the freeway )  on ella blvd to 2011 ella at t . c . jester .  vince will meet you at the restaurant .  if you have any questions , please call me .  thanks .  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290",0,dinner vince kaminski good morning mr saksena reservations made pm evening thursday march latour argent restaurant restaurant located ella blvd c jester blvd men required wear coat directions restaurant coming downtown houston take north west take west ella blvd exit go south back freeway ella blvd ella c jester vince meet restaurant questions please call thanks shirley crenshaw
Subject: just to her . . .  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !,1,soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivable
"Subject: amateur teens go bad  18 - 21 yr . old chicks are so horny !  nasty amateurs taking cum shots , huge cocks , anal poundings , & much more !  young and fresh - - - - - > just a click away !  get them now ! for free !  click here for the girls of your dreams ! remember this is a free site so hurry !  click here to unsubscribe . ",1,amateur teens go bad yr old chicks horny nasty amateurs taking cum shots huge cocks anal poundings much young fresh click away get free click girls dreams remember free site hurry click unsubscribe
"Subject: times 2 filing units  pat :  recently , i talked with you about ordering another filing unit . it turns out that we need 2 more filing units . please order them the same size as the floor to ceiling cabinet we have . have the inside of the cabinets configured as follows :  1 cabinet should have 5 shelves  1 cabinet should have 6 shelves  when interstore was here today reconfiguing 2 of our existing cabinets , they removed 8 shelves that they are going to use on these new units .  please price these 2 new units and charge them to co . # 0413 , rc # 107043 . please let me the prices and approximate delivery date . also , let me know if you need anything else . thanks . anita",0,times filing units pat recently talked ordering another filing unit turns need filing units please order size floor ceiling cabinet inside cabinets configured follows cabinet shelves cabinet shelves interstore today reconfiguing existing cabinets removed shelves going use new units please price new units charge co rc please let prices approximate delivery date also let know need anything else thanks anita
"Subject: charity sees the need not the cost . . .  dear friend ,  as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr . reza abdulla , a merchant in safat , in ( kuwait ) i was married with two children . my wife and two children died in a car accident six years a go . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts .  i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world .  i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and  given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of ten million seven hundred thousand american dollars ( u . s . $ 10 . 700 , 000 ) that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside only 20 % for you and for your time and also 5 % as miscellaneous expenses . reply me at your earliest convenience for more directives to my private email address : reza _ abdulla @ walla . com  god be with you .  regards ,  mr . reza abdulla",1,charity sees need cost dear friend read want feel sorry believe everyone die someday name mr reza abdulla merchant safat kuwait married two children wife two children died car accident six years go diagnosed esophageal cancer defiled forms medical treatment right months live according medical experts particularly lived life well never really cared anyone even business though rich never generous always hostile people focused business thing cared regret know life wanting make money world believe god gives second chance come world would live life different way lived god called willed given property assets immediate extended family members well close friends want god merciful accept soul decided give alms charity organizations want one last good deeds earth far distributed money charity organizations u e algeria malaysia health deteriorated badly anymore asked members family close one accounts distribute money charity organization bulgaria pakistan refused kept money hence trust anymore seem contended left last money one knows huge cash deposit ten million seven hundred thousand american dollars u finance security company abroad want help collect deposit dispatched charity organizations set aside time also miscellaneous expenses reply earliest convenience directives private email address reza abdulla walla com god regards mr reza abdulla
"Subject: visiting enron may 4 th  christie ,  fyi . a message i received from stanford .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 11 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 14 : 10 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence , hillh @ stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu  subject : visiting enron may 4 th  dear vince ,  this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us  on may 4 th .  i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my  assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for  scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to  meet with christie patrick as well .  looking forward to meeting you ,  susan  at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > susan ,  >  > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the  > 4 th .  > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to  > set up the meeting .  >  > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to  > coordinate enron ' s  > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is  > christie patrick .  > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall  > coordinate the meeting  > on may the 4 th with her .  >  > vince  >  >  > additional information re christie :  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117  >  > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  >  >  >  >  >  > "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : visit from stanford ?  >  >  > dear dr . kaminski ,  >  > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations  > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am  > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies  > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions .  >  > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with  > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for  > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip  > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the  > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to  > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday ,  > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip  > planning .  >  > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship  > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities  > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best  > points of contact .  >  > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability ,  >  > sincerely ,  > susan hansen  >  >  >  >  > susan c . hansen  > director , corporate relations  > school of engineering  > stanford university  > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219  susan c . hansen  director , corporate relations  school of engineering  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  ( 650 ) 725 - 4219",0,visiting enron may th christie fyi message received stanford vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect susan c hansen pm vince j kaminski enron com cc clovell stanford edu donna lawrence hillh stanford edu bambos stanford edu subject visiting enron may th dear vince great news donna delighted time see us may th office next week copy email assistant carol lovell ask get touch shirley scheduling well directions meet glad meet christie patrick well looking forward meeting susan pm wrote susan thank message shall glad meet may th shall ask assistant shirley crenshaw call set meeting also information recently set special unit coordinate enron relationships universities person running unit christie patrick please feel free contact give name reference shall coordinate meeting may th vince additional information christie phone email christie patrick enron com susan c hansen pm vkamins enron com cc subject visit stanford dear dr kaminski let briefly introduce director corporate relations school engineering stanford university role always watch ways bring faculty together companies appetite engagement top tier research institutions believe know hill huntington senior researcher stanford energy modeling forum suggested get touch ideas contacts enron process planning trip texas early may along colleague donna lawrence university director corporate relations hoping able include stop enron itinerary right appears friday may th would work best us beginning trip planning purpose visit would review current relationship enron stanford give overview current priorities school engineering ask help identifying best points contact look forward hearing availability sincerely susan hansen susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca
"Subject: here ' s a list of materials  vince ,  here is my list of collected materials . i would like to get copies of your  papers on risk management as well ( can you send me cites ? )  look forward to talking with you next week .  your friend ,  john  - enron corporation paper . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,list materials vince list collected materials would like get copies papers risk management well send cites look forward talking next week friend john enron corporation paper doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : var calibration issues  we are proposing the following changes to the calculation of ng correlations :  1 . weight the data set ( 3 calendar months ) used in calculating correlations  ( most recent data weighed heavier )  2 . use respective contract prices , instead of prompt month prices ( i . e . for  nov - 00 correlations use nov contract prices for the last 3 months , as opposed  to prompt month prices for the last three months .  tanya ,  i have confirmed with ted and he gave us green light to make both changes .  did we get an opinion from vince ?  winston ,  it is my understanding , that this changes apply to ng correlations only , not  the correlations between commodities . we will test the changes in gas and  then decide on world - wide implementation . any estimate on timing of this  implementation ?  cassandra ,  ted suggested that you and veronica should document this as a change in var  parameters and inform all commercial desk heads of these changes . we intend  to make them for na gas first , but ultimately make these changes consistent  across all commodity groups . let me know if you have questions .  thanks , vlady .  wenyao jia  10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 43 pm  to : vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , jin yu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : var calibration issues  vlady ,  also in the meeting , we identified that there are still some issures  regarding to the correlation matrix calculations .  since different commodity has different expiration dates . when calculate  correlation between two commodities , the two may have different prompt  months . are we going to use prices on two different prompt months or are we  going to use the prices on the same month disregarding prompt months .  because above issues , jin is not going do any changes on the correlation  matrix calculation until above issures can be solved .  thanks !  winston  tanya tamarchenko  10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 16 pm  to : vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect  cc : wenyao jia / hou / ect @ ect , jin yu / hou / ect @ ect , jin yu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : var calibration issues  vlady , we met with winston and jin today regarding var calibration issues .  the outcome on this discussion is :  1 . jin will put weights into calculation of factor loadings ;  2 . jin will change the way factor loading are calculated . for each commodity  the prompt month contract will be selected for the effective date of vatrfacs  run .  then the historical prices will be collected for 3 month for all forward  contracts starting from  selected prompt month contract . the variance - covariance matrix will be  calculated  based on these data , it will be converted into correlation matrix , then  factor loadings  analysis will be performed on the correlation matrix .  tanya .",0,var calibration issues proposing following changes calculation ng correlations weight data set calendar months used calculating correlations recent data weighed heavier use respective contract prices instead prompt month prices e nov correlations use nov contract prices last months opposed prompt month prices last three months tanya confirmed ted gave us green light make changes get opinion vince winston understanding changes apply ng correlations correlations commodities test changes gas decide world wide implementation estimate timing implementation cassandra ted suggested veronica document change var parameters inform commercial desk heads changes intend make na gas first ultimately make changes consistent across commodity groups let know questions thanks vlady wenyao jia pm vladimir gorny hou ect ect cc tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect jin yu hou ect ect subject var calibration issues vlady also meeting identified still issures regarding correlation matrix calculations since different commodity different expiration dates calculate correlation two commodities two may different prompt months going use prices two different prompt months going use prices month disregarding prompt months issues jin going changes correlation matrix calculation issures solved thanks winston tanya tamarchenko pm vladimir gorny hou ect ect cc wenyao jia hou ect ect jin yu hou ect ect jin yu hou ect ect subject var calibration issues vlady met winston jin today regarding var calibration issues outcome discussion jin put weights calculation factor loadings jin change way factor loading calculated commodity prompt month contract selected effective date vatrfacs run historical prices collected month forward contracts starting selected prompt month contract variance covariance matrix calculated based data converted correlation matrix factor loadings analysis performed correlation matrix tanya
"Subject: new medz  how t cornel o save on your medlcations over 70 % .  pharmsho enginehouse p - successfull and proven way to save vulnerary your mo homogeneous ney .  vaccination v  a heliograph g  a sullen l  l stationary u  disparate l  r casuistical a reservoir cl  i evacuate sva acclivity l  pearlbarley m  andmanyother .  best prlces neighbouring .  world cockadoodledoo wide shlpplng .  easy order fo tentative rm .  total confidentiaiity peaceloving .  250 , 000 satisfied selfoffence customers .  order today and carrier save !",1,new medz cornel save medlcations pharmsho enginehouse p successfull proven way save vulnerary mo homogeneous ney vaccination v heliograph g sullen l l stationary u disparate l r casuistical reservoir cl evacuate sva acclivity l pearlbarley andmanyother best prlces neighbouring world cockadoodledoo wide shlpplng easy order fo tentative rm total confidentiaiity peaceloving satisfied selfoffence customers order today carrier save
"Subject: a colossal and dangerous failure - cera alert  title : a colossal and dangerous failure  url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u = 35 & m = 2185  overview : western energy  * california governor stays the course  california governor gray davis provided his strongest public statements to  date regarding the state  , s power crisis in his annual state of the state  address on january 8 , 2001 . echoing many of his previous positions on what he  perceives as a flawed and unfair california market structure , the governor  labeled the state  , s electricity market system a colossal and dangerous  failure . among other actions , he launched new initiatives valued at $ 1  billion to encourage conservation , provide financing and land to new  generators , grant authority to utilities to engage in a portfolio of  transactions to manage electricity costs , and increase regulatory scrutiny of  existing market suppliers . the governor also called for a greater role for  the state in overseeing and constructing new power plants .  the governor acknowledged that the actions proposed are only some of the  steps necessary to put california on the road to recovery . details regarding  sources of funding for the initiative are still forthcoming . although he  stated that california  , s investor - owned utilities must not be allowed to go  bankrupt , no formal plan for ensuring their solvency was given . the financial  community continues to lack the assurance it requires to continue to provide  financial backing for pacific gas and electric and southern california  edison . at this time the state legislature remains the body most likely to  guarantee their solvency .  the governor again criticized the federal energy regulatory commission for  what he believes has been its failure to manage and restrain properly the  wholesale market . merchant plant generators were accused of gouging the  state , and it was suggested that these generators acted illegally in their  operations , jeopardizing the reliability of the power grid . new , more severe  sanctions were promised for those caught withholding power or extracting what  investigators find as unreasonable profits .  a los angeles times poll released the morning before the governor  , s address  indicated that the majority of californians still do not believe there is an  energy crisis . although the 33 percent growth in the state  , s economy over the  past ten years has nearly outstripped the state  , s and surrounding region  , s  supplies of power , the bulk of the governor  , s statements continue to focus on  the culpability of power producers , rather than the serious supply shortfall .  though the governor introduced steps to fund and facilitate the construction  of new generating plants , increased regulatory scrutiny and the threat of  sanctions will exacerbate the concern already expressed by plant developers  and the financial community that the investment climate in california is  excessively risky .  * * end * *  follow above url for complete report .  come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , "" shooting the rapids :  strategies and risks for the energy future "" in houston , february 12 - 16 ,  2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek /  e - mail category : alert  cera knowledge area ( s ) : western energy ,  to make changes to your cera . com account go to :  forgot your username and password ? go to :  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information  from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is  confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,  distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,  in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates",0,colossal dangerous failure cera alert title colossal dangerous failure url http www cera com eprofile u overview western energy california governor stays course california governor gray davis provided strongest public statements date regarding state power crisis annual state state address january echoing many previous positions perceives flawed unfair california market structure governor labeled state electricity market system colossal dangerous failure among actions launched new initiatives valued billion encourage conservation provide financing land new generators grant authority utilities engage portfolio transactions manage electricity costs increase regulatory scrutiny existing market suppliers governor also called greater role state overseeing constructing new power plants governor acknowledged actions proposed steps necessary put california road recovery details regarding sources funding initiative still forthcoming although stated california investor owned utilities must allowed go bankrupt formal plan ensuring solvency given financial community continues lack assurance requires continue provide financial backing pacific gas electric southern california edison time state legislature remains body likely guarantee solvency governor criticized federal energy regulatory commission believes failure manage restrain properly wholesale market merchant plant generators accused gouging state suggested generators acted illegally operations jeopardizing reliability power grid new severe sanctions promised caught withholding power extracting investigators find unreasonable profits los angeles times poll released morning governor address indicated majority californians still believe energy crisis although percent growth state economy past ten years nearly outstripped state surrounding region supplies power bulk governor statements continue focus culpability power producers rather serious supply shortfall though governor introduced steps fund facilitate construction new generating plants increased regulatory scrutiny threat sanctions exacerbate concern already expressed plant developers financial community investment climate california excessively risky end follow url complete report come shoot rapids us ceraweek shooting rapids strategies risks energy future houston february information register please visit http www cera com ceraweek e mail category alert cera knowledge area western energy make changes cera com account go forgot username password go http www cera com client forgot electronic message attachments contain information cambridge energy research associates inc cera confidential may privileged unauthorized disclosure copying distribution use contents message attachments whole part strictly prohibited terms use http www cera com tos questions comments webmaster cera com copyright cambridge energy research associates
"Subject: re : confidential  sophie - what do we need to do to implement this ?  vince - do you want to go through this with steve while he ' s in houston ?  - dale  vince j kaminski  30 / 08 / 2000 23 : 43  to : sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect  cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , michele  small / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : confidential  sophie ,  i think it ' s a fair deal .  vince  sophie kingsley 08 / 30 / 2000 11 : 49 am  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , michele small / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : confidential  both ,  thanks for your comments and comparisons , it is good to get context .  based on your comments here would be my proposal  o 63 , 500 basic salary -  ol 5 k kickers for each of the 2 years - these are paid as a lump sum on each  anniversary guaranteed . therefore guaranteed salary is effectively o 78 , 500 -  this is completely separate and in addition to any performance bonus  increase the value of options to o 60 k to vest 1 / 3 as before - which leaves a  1 / 3 ( $ 20 , 000 ) hanging out there at the end of the contract .  just fyi - anjam is currently on o 68 , 000 but does not have an agreement , so  this would effectively put a 10 . 5 k gap between the two .  let me know your thoughts .  dale surbey  30 / 08 / 2000 16 : 09  to : sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : confidential  sophie ,  here ' s vince ' s comments on your proposal for steve . also , what ' s a 2 - yr  exec ? how do the kickers work - are they basically a guaranteed minimum  bonus or incremental bonus ?  - dale  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale surbey / lon / ect on 30 / 08 / 2000 16 : 10  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  30 / 08 / 2000 14 : 21  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : confidential  dale ,  thanks for your message .  i don ' t know the labor market in london that well but here the market  for quants is very hot . steve is in my view an exceptionally talented person  and i would go an extra mile to retain him long - term for the company .  i would adjust the base salary or the kicker upward a bit .  o 62 , 000 basic is what anjam is receiving currently ( if i remember  correctly ) . steve has a much higher value  to enron than anjam .  vince  dale surbey  08 / 30 / 2000 07 : 49 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : confidential  vince ,  this is the package hr is proposing for steven . what do you think ?  - dale  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale surbey / lon / ect on 30 / 08 / 2000 13 : 50  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sophie kingsley 29 / 08 / 2000 20 : 32  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : confidential  sorry dale , long day , here are the proposed numbers  2 year exec  o 62 , 000 basic ( currently o 55 k )  ol 0 k each year kickers  $ 50 , 000 worth of options to vest 1 / 3 1 / 3 1 / 3  let me know what you think .  regards  sophie",0,confidential sophie need implement vince want go steve houston dale vince j kaminski sophie kingsley lon ect ect cc dale surbey lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect michele small lon ect ect subject confidential sophie think fair deal vince sophie kingsley dale surbey lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect michele small lon ect ect subject confidential thanks comments comparisons good get context based comments would proposal basic salary ol k kickers years paid lump sum anniversary guaranteed therefore guaranteed salary effectively completely separate addition performance bonus increase value options k vest leaves hanging end contract fyi anjam currently agreement would effectively put k gap two let know thoughts dale surbey sophie kingsley lon ect ect cc subject confidential sophie vince comments proposal steve also yr exec kickers work basically guaranteed minimum bonus incremental bonus dale forwarded dale surbey lon ect vince j kaminski dale surbey lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject confidential dale thanks message know labor market london well market quants hot steve view exceptionally talented person would go extra mile retain long term company would adjust base salary kicker upward bit basic anjam receiving currently remember correctly steve much higher value enron anjam vince dale surbey vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject confidential vince package hr proposing steven think dale forwarded dale surbey lon ect sophie kingsley dale surbey lon ect ect cc subject confidential sorry dale long day proposed numbers year exec basic currently k ol k year kickers worth options vest let know think regards sophie
"Subject: re : mg integration support - daily update # 6  hi richard ,  lloyd fleming introduced me to the key personnel on the trading and risk side  at mg today ; i spent most of today discussing forward curves and option  volatilities with tim jones , russell plackett and jon barrett . i hope to be  able to get historical data from david thompson to facilitate forward curve  analysis for our var models . also discussed valuation issues ( e . g . option on  calendar spread that they need a model for ) . also was able to get a good  understanding of trading strategies and nuances of aluminum , copper and  nickel markets .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  richard sage  04 / 07 / 2000 02 : 37  to : stop : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , naomi  connell / lon / ect @ ect , stephen wood / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , andrea m kerch / lon / ect @ ect , janine  juggins / lon / ect @ ect , lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , tim davies / lon / ect @ ect , david  hardy / lon / ect @ ect , barry sangster / lon / ect @ ect , robert campbell / lon / ect @ ect ,  alex holland / lon / ect @ ect , michael heap / lon / ect @ ect , phil redman / lon / ect @ ect ,  fiona grant / lon / ect @ ect , toby knight / lon / ect @ ect , melissa laing / lon / ect @ ect ,  jeanie slone / lon / ect @ ect , beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect , mark  pickering / lon / ect @ ect , suzanne lane / lon / ect @ ect , stephen evans / lon / ect @ ect ,  niamh o ' regan / lon / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , fernley  dyson / lon / ect @ ect , eric gadd / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : mg integration support - daily update # 6  deal entry  the need for 3 data - entry clerks becomes clearer when we understand that  between 200 and 2000 manual deal tickets are written each day which then have  to be keyed in .  romulus  the trading assets of rudolf wolff in london and new york were bought after  close of play on friday .  included with the metals trading is a proprietary fx desk , and a softs desk ,  trading coffee , cocoa , and sugar .  the softs people are expected to arrive in enron house at the end of july .  eol  two metals trades have been executed on eol .",0,mg integration support daily update hi richard lloyd fleming introduced key personnel trading risk side mg today spent today discussing forward curves option volatilities tim jones russell plackett jon barrett hope able get historical data david thompson facilitate forward curve analysis var models also discussed valuation issues e g option calendar spread need model also able get good understanding trading strategies nuances aluminum copper nickel markets regards anjam x richard sage stop mike jordan lon ect ect andrew cornfield lon ect ect naomi connell lon ect ect stephen wood lon ect ect tim poullain patterson lon ect ect andrea kerch lon ect ect janine juggins lon ect ect lloyd fleming lon ect ect tim davies lon ect ect david hardy lon ect ect barry sangster lon ect ect robert campbell lon ect ect alex holland lon ect ect michael heap lon ect ect phil redman lon ect ect fiona grant lon ect ect toby knight lon ect ect melissa laing lon ect ect jeanie slone lon ect ect beth apollo lon ect ect mark pickering lon ect ect suzanne lane lon ect ect stephen evans lon ect ect niamh regan lon ect ect anjam ahmad lon ect ect fernley dyson lon ect ect eric gadd lon ect ect cc subject mg integration support daily update deal entry need data entry clerks becomes clearer understand manual deal tickets written day keyed romulus trading assets rudolf wolff london new york bought close play friday included metals trading proprietary fx desk softs desk trading coffee cocoa sugar softs people expected arrive enron house end july eol two metals trades executed eol
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corei painter lx  $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  lliana ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishing software corei macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corei desiqner quickbooks professional edition adobe pagemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere eiements corei painter lx adobe lllustrator cs adobe lndesiqn cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker uiead cool production studio aiias motion builder professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincereiy lliana
"Subject: selling travel in today ' s economy  good morning !  since it may have been awhile since you visited us  atwww . mailpound . comi  wanted to update you on what is happening . when we launched the mailpound  almost two years ago , our focus was on saving time , toner and  treesby providing an alternative fororganizing the huge  number of faxes suppliers sent travel agents each week . our most popular  feature was the fam section , followed by the weekly sweepstakes .  but that has changed .  like many involved in selling retail travel , we have been  striving to find ways to succeed in a challenging environment . additional  commission cuts , the aftermath of 9 / 11 , and the drop in the stock  market , has  had a cumulative effect on all of us . to survive , to succeed , we know  that we  will need to work harder , work smarter , and work together . we have  gotten a  tremendous amount of support from travel agents and this has translated  into  the ability to get more support for travel agents from suppliers .  our focus has expanded from providing a resource for  searching supplier  special offers to providing a suite of tools and services that can create  sales and raise commissions . almost all of these services are supplier  supported and free to travel agents .  actively seek out the beste - commerce  values  helpyou market special offers to your  clients  host personal web sites for travel agents with  mailpound  content *  offerhigher commissions through  consolidation  organize sales incentives from suppliers  provide new technology for fast and easyonline  bookings  provide your clients with the ability to book through  you ,  online  * mpdirect services are offered for  $ 9 . 95 / month  we invite you to visit us soon at www . mailpound . comor  check out the links shown below . see how the free services we offer the  travel  agent community can help you succeed . the summer is almost over , now is  the  time to prepare for the upcoming selling season .  for more information regarding higher commissions  and booking online :  www . mailpound . com / bliss _ intro . htm  for more information about your personal web site :  www . mailpound . com / mpdirect  to register free at mailpound :  www . mailpound . com / registration /  sincerely ,  bob maier , president  smart travel technologies , inc .  rmaier @ smart 2000 . com  856 - 983 - 6100 ext . 101  12 east stow road , suite 210  marlton , new jersey 08053  if you do not want to receive these  messages  in the future , please reply to this message with remove in the subject  line .  http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork",1,selling travel today economy good morning since may awhile since visited us atwww mailpound comi wanted update happening launched mailpound almost two years ago focus saving time toner treesby providing alternative fororganizing huge number faxes suppliers sent travel agents week popular feature fam section followed weekly sweepstakes changed like many involved selling retail travel striving find ways succeed challenging environment additional commission cuts aftermath drop stock market cumulative effect us survive succeed know need work harder work smarter work together gotten tremendous amount support travel agents translated ability get support travel agents suppliers focus expanded providing resource searching supplier special offers providing suite tools services create sales raise commissions almost services supplier supported free travel agents actively seek beste commerce values helpyou market special offers clients host personal web sites travel agents mailpound content offerhigher commissions consolidation organize sales incentives suppliers provide new technology fast easyonline bookings provide clients ability book online mpdirect services offered month invite visit us soon www mailpound comor check links shown see free services offer travel agent community help succeed summer almost time prepare upcoming selling season information regarding higher commissions booking online www mailpound com bliss intro htm information personal web site www mailpound com mpdirect register free mailpound www mailpound com registration sincerely bob maier president smart travel technologies inc rmaier smart com ext east stow road suite marlton new jersey want receive messages future please reply message remove subject line http xent com mailman listinfo fork
Subject: delivery failure : user antonio _ lambino ( antonio _ lambino @ ksg . harvard . edu ) not  listed in domino directory  your message  subject : [ spam ] just to her . . .  was not delivered to :  antonio _ lambino @ ksg . harvard . edu  because :  user antonio _ lambino ( antonio _ lambino @ ksg . harvard . edu ) not listed in domino directory,1,delivery failure user antonio lambino antonio lambino ksg harvard edu listed domino directory message subject spam delivered antonio lambino ksg harvard edu user antonio lambino antonio lambino ksg harvard edu listed domino directory
"Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  shmuel ,  thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley baxter ,  to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd  if this date works for the rest of our team .  vince  "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  dear vince .  i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you about the  date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you can  schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a seminar  which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty and will  give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with sufficient  lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their financial  engineering students .  shmuel .  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to : ; ;  sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am  subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > shmuel ,  >  > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian , a  > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , among  > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical  > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give you a  > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague ,  > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join me  > as well .  >  > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / associate  > program .  >  > vince kaminski  >  >  > vincent kaminski  > managing director - research  > enron corp .  > 1400 smith street  > room ebl 962  > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  >",0,hello vince kaminski enron shmuel thanks message working recruiter ashley baxter finalize date trip shall shoot october rd date works rest team vince shmuel oren vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject hello vince kaminski enron dear vince sent reply earlier month heard date visit department seminar every monday schedule visit monday would like invite give seminar attended many graduate students faculty give opportunity tell program sufficient lead time advertise seminar hass school financial engineering students shmuel shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca e mail oren ieor berkeley edu phone fax original message sent tuesday august subject hello vince kaminski enron shmuel hope remember visited together aram sogomonian good friend mine years ago currently responsible among things recruiting graduates finance technical backgrounds university berkeley would glad give call talk details program colleague ashleybaxter analyst associate program enron would join well sending copy brochure analyst associate program vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: hc costless collar  andrea ,  we finished the the costless collar valuation . see the spreadsheets for  details .  we checked the bloomberg for volatility assumption . the 100 days volatility is  around 50 % . since the option is for 3 years , the volatility should be  somewhat smaller .  so we put an array of calculations , with the volatility ranges from 20 % to  60 % .  if you have any questions , please call me or bob lee .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 01 / 09 / 2001 09 : 02 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bob lee @ enron  01 / 09 / 2001 08 : 48 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : hc costless collar",0,hc costless collar andrea finished costless collar valuation see spreadsheets details checked bloomberg volatility assumption days volatility around since option years volatility somewhat smaller put array calculations volatility ranges questions please call bob lee zimin forwarded zimin lu hou ect bob lee enron zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject hc costless collar
"Subject: re : enron visit - - thanks  larry ,  i was thinking about the potential applications over the weekend  and i think i shall have a proposal for you in a few days .  vince  p . s . i want to remind you about the favor i asked you about .  we would like to talk ( no commitments ) to the prediction company .  can you refer me to your friend .  vince  lawrencelrtnmt @ aol . com on 05 / 06 / 2001 12 : 07 : 18 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : enron visit - - thanks  dear vince ,  i just wanted to thank you for inviting me to visit enron last friday and  for the generous amount of time you spent with me personally while i was  there . i found our discussions both informative and stimulating .  vince , i was genuinely impressed by the caliber of the group you have  assembled at enron . their individual and collective expertise is obvious ;  and they were most generous in exchanging ideas and sharing opinions with me .  if you or any of your people have , over the weekend , developed further  questions or thought of additional information that might be helpful , i ' m  standing by . i ' m eager to continue our dialogue .  sincerely ,  larry thorne",0,enron visit thanks larry thinking potential applications weekend think shall proposal days vince p want remind favor asked would like talk commitments prediction company refer friend vince lawrencelrtnmt aol com vkamins enron com cc subject enron visit thanks dear vince wanted thank inviting visit enron last friday generous amount time spent personally found discussions informative stimulating vince genuinely impressed caliber group assembled enron individual collective expertise obvious generous exchanging ideas sharing opinions people weekend developed questions thought additional information might helpful standing eager continue dialogue sincerely larry thorne
"Subject: confirmation of your online order  wincenty j kaminski ( vkamins @ enron . com )  this email is to confirm your online order which was received on 24 - aug - 2000 .  please note that this does not constitute a receipt .  if you have any queries or problems please e - mail  directcustserve @ cup . cam . ac . uk ( customer services ) quoting order reference  number web 5908 / ds 51002180 .  totals : 1 lines , 1 items , weight 0 . 630 kg , value gbp 30 . 00  delivery charge , air : gbp 5 . 00  total cost : gbp 35 . 00  shopping basket  theory of financial risks , from statistical physics to risk management ,  jean - philippe bouchaud ( hardback ) , isbn 0521782325  quantity : 1 reference : kaminski cost : gbp 30 . 00 in stock",0,confirmation online order wincenty j kaminski vkamins enron com email confirm online order received aug please note constitute receipt queries problems please e mail directcustserve cup cam ac uk customer services quoting order reference number web ds totals lines items weight kg value gbp delivery charge air gbp total cost gbp shopping basket theory financial risks statistical physics risk management jean philippe bouchaud hardback isbn quantity reference kaminski cost gbp stock
"Subject: re :  rafal ,  dziekuje za odpowiedz . bede bardzo wdzieczny za ksiazke :  wincenty kaminski  10 snowbird  the woodlands , tx 77381  phone : ( 281 ) 367 5377  cell : ( 713 ) 898 9960  wicek  rafal weron c - 11 on 01 / 29 / 2001 08 : 11 : 48 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : aleksander weron c - 11  subject :  dear vince ,  bardzo dziekuje za podeslana literature , szczegolnie drugie wydanie  ksiazki . bylismy w londynie w czerwcu zeszlego roku , ale w ksiegarni  znalezlismy tylko piersze wydanie . obaj z alkiem ( ojcem ) wspolpracujemy z  energetyka ( glownie polska ) od kilku lat . w zeszlym roku wydalismy ksiazke  "" gielda energii : strategie zarzadzania ryzykiem "" , a obecnie pracujemy nad  jej angielskim wydaniem . na jaki adres ci ja przyslac ?  serdeczne pozdrowienia ,  rafal",0,rafal dziekuje za odpowiedz bede bardzo wdzieczny za ksiazke wincenty kaminski snowbird woodlands tx phone cell wicek rafal weron c vkamins enron com cc aleksander weron c subject dear vince bardzo dziekuje za podeslana literature szczegolnie drugie wydanie ksiazki bylismy w londynie w czerwcu zeszlego roku ale w ksiegarni znalezlismy tylko piersze wydanie obaj z alkiem ojcem wspolpracujemy z energetyka glownie polska od kilku lat w zeszlym roku wydalismy ksiazke gielda energii strategie zarzadzania ryzykiem obecnie pracujemy nad jej angielskim wydaniem na jaki adres ci ja przyslac serdeczne pozdrowienia rafal
"Subject: your own desk top investigator  astounding new software lets you find  out almost anything about anyone . . .  download it right now ( no charge card needed ) :  click here :  http : / / lv 508 p . sg . st  discover everything you ever wanted to know about :  your friends  your family  your enemies  your employees  yourself - is someone using your identity ?  even your boss !  did you know you can search for anyone , anytime ,  anywhere , right on the internet ?  download this software right now - - click here :  http : / / lv 508 p . sg . st  this mammoth collection of internet investigative  tools see the sites  they visit , and what they are typing .  - explore secret web sites that conventional  search engines have never found .  click here :  http : / / lv 508 p . sg . st  = = > discover little - known ways to make untraceable  phone calls .  = = > check adoption records ; locate missing children  or relatives .  = = > dig up information on your friends , neighbors ,  or boss !  = = > discover employment opportunities from around  the world !  = = > locate transcripts and court orders from all  50 states .  = = > cloak your email so your true address can ' t  be discovered .  = = > find out how much alimony your neighbor is paying .  = = > discover how to check your phones for wiretaps .  = = > or check yourself out , and you will be shocked at  what you find ! !  these are only a few things you can do , there  is no limit to the power of this software ! !  to download this software , and have it in less  than 5 minutes click on the url below to visit  our website ( new : no charge card needed ! )  http : / / lv 508 p . sg . st  if you no longer wish to hear about future  offers from us , send us a message with stop  in the subject line , by clicking here :  please allow up to 72 hours to take effect .  please do not include any correspondence in your  message to this automatic stop robot - - it will  not be read . all requests processed automatically .  [ : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ]",1,desk top investigator astounding new software lets find almost anything anyone download right charge card needed click http lv p sg st discover everything ever wanted know friends family enemies employees someone using identity even boss know search anyone anytime anywhere right internet download software right click http lv p sg st mammoth collection internet investigative tools see sites visit typing explore secret web sites conventional search engines never found click http lv p sg st discover little known ways make untraceable phone calls check adoption records locate missing children relatives dig information friends neighbors boss discover employment opportunities around world locate transcripts court orders states cloak email true address discovered find much alimony neighbor paying discover check phones wiretaps check shocked find things limit power software download software less minutes click url visit website new charge card needed http lv p sg st longer wish hear future offers us send us message stop subject line clicking please allow hours take effect please include correspondence message automatic stop robot read requests processed automatically h tgobk nkiys
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ali listed software is availabie for immediate downioad !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery !  just few exampies :  - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquaqe !  best reqards ,  lauralee ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions qerman french spanish uk many others ali listed software availabie immediate downioad need wait week cd deiivery exampies norton internet security pro windows xp professionai sp fuli version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite includinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native lanquaqe best reqards lauralee
"Subject: wallet size telephone cards for the research group  hi dee :  per our conversation , i am attaching the listing of the research group .  we would like 50 sets of the wallet size telephone cards made up .  our co . # is 0011 and our rc # is 100038 .  if you have any questions , please call me at 3 - 5290 .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley",0,wallet size telephone cards research group hi dee per conversation attaching listing research group would like sets wallet size telephone cards made co rc questions please call thanks great day shirley
"Subject: re : var and credit meeting on wednesday , april 11 at 11 : 30 am  everybody ,  this week our regular meeting will be devoted primarily to 2 subjects :  1 . simulating power prices in var ;  2 . capturing correlations across commodities as well as across term structure  of  forward prices .  research will present some suggestions based on data analysis .  detailed agenda is enclosed .  please , let shirley crenshaw know if you are not planning to attend .  tanya .",0,var credit meeting wednesday april everybody week regular meeting devoted primarily subjects simulating power prices var capturing correlations across commodities well across term structure forward prices research present suggestions based data analysis detailed agenda enclosed please let shirley crenshaw know planning attend tanya
"Subject: matlab at enron  hello vince :  i ' m the territory manager for the mathworks , we develop matlab technical  software . we ' ve recently developed tools well suited for energy trading  industry .  enron has used our products in the past , but all of those end - users have  left enron .  risk management and research groups at southern energy , txu , dynegy , el  paso energy , koch , calpine , reliant and others have recently started using  our products in the following ways .  1 . create sophisticated option pricing models , risk analysis models , and  stress analysis models . creating gui front ends for the end - users .  2 . pull in data from odbc , corba , and sas databases to evaluate .  3 . visualize the results and quantify the solution .  4 . compile these models and distribute these applications to their  traders , analysists and managers with no distribution costs .  who should i contact at your company to discuss enron ' s situation to see if  our can help enron as it has with our other energy customers ?  thank you for your time and help .  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  scott wakefield  the mathworks , inc .  phone : ( 508 ) 647 - 7282  fax : ( 508 ) 647 - 4275  e - mail : swakefield @ mathworks . com  http : / / www . mathworks . com  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  matlab news group :  news : comp . soft - sys . matlab  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  visit the new mathworks store and buy matlab , simulink  and all of our products online  http : / / www . mathworks . com / store /",0,matlab enron hello vince territory manager mathworks develop matlab technical software recently developed tools well suited energy trading industry enron used products past end users left enron risk management research groups southern energy txu dynegy el paso energy koch calpine reliant others recently started using products following ways create sophisticated option pricing models risk analysis models stress analysis models creating gui front ends end users pull data odbc corba sas databases evaluate visualize results quantify solution compile models distribute applications traders analysists managers distribution costs contact company discuss enron situation see help enron energy customers thank time help scott wakefield mathworks inc phone fax e mail swakefield mathworks com http www mathworks com matlab news group news comp soft sys matlab visit new mathworks store buy matlab simulink products online http www mathworks com store
"Subject: $ 3 leads !  click here to have a representative contact you !  for additional information visit us at www . all - leads . com  all - leads . com 247 sw 8 th st . - ste . 181 miami , fl 33130 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,leads click representative contact additional information visit us www leads com leads com sw th st ste miami fl e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: spring 2001 module and calendar schedule attached  spring 2001 faculty ,  attached is the spring 2001 module and calendar schedules for your  review . please note the jones graduate school is not following the  traditional university calendar for spring break this year . if you have  any questions please contact me .  kathy  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /  - spring module 2001 sch . doc  - spring module 2001 cal . doc",0,spring module calendar schedule attached spring faculty attached spring module calendar schedules review please note jones graduate school following traditional university calendar spring break year questions please contact kathy kathy spradling mba program coordinator jesse h jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston texas phone fax email spradlin rice edu http www rice edu jgs e mail spradlin rice edu http www ruf rice edu jgs spring module sch doc spring module cal doc
"Subject: website : data _ research _ pub  please approve or reject this request .  thank you ,  information risk management ( et )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on  04 / 28 / 2000 09 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  security resource request system  directory line item pending access processing  directory name : website : data _ research _ pub  service type : grant  expiration date :  comments : this is an urgent request . please process asap .  security processing  processing status :  e - mail message :  comments / justification : 04 / 28 / 00 emailed vince kaminski for approval  general information request : kgme - 4 jlej 2  requested by : kevin g moore / hou / ect phone : 713 / 853 - 4710  requested for : jose marquez employee type :  company : 100038 rc # : 0011  priority : high  comments / justification : he needs access to the y drive  editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown )  edit # past authors edit dates  1  2 information risk management  information risk management 04 / 28 / 2000 09 : 32 : 58 am  04 / 28 / 2000 09 : 33 : 46 am",0,website data research pub please approve reject request thank information risk management et forwarded information risk management hou ect security resource request system directory line item pending access processing directory name website data research pub service type grant expiration date comments urgent request please process asap security processing processing status e mail message comments justification emailed vince kaminski approval general information request kgme jlej requested kevin g moore hou ect phone requested jose marquez employee type company rc priority high comments justification needs access drive editing history last five shown edit past authors edit dates information risk management information risk management
"Subject: california 1 / 17 / 01 pt . ii  one of the issues we have been following with respect to the california power  crisis concerns the role of prospective broader federal involvement in the  issue post - inauguration . in the last two days , we have seen two signals  suggesting that the bush administration will not significantly deviate from  the "" broker "" role played by the clinton white house :  1 . in his confirmation hearing this morning , treasury secretary - designate  o ' neill cautioned that "" it is not clear that us intervention is needed in  california "" and that the "" governor must be the first line of defense . ""  2 . a source close to bush economic advisor larry lindsey reported to us  yesterday that "" there was little that the federal government could do  specifically to help , beyond focusing on national issues ( increased  production , transmission capacity etc . ) . ""  of course , the bush treasury officials are likely to be more cautious with  respect to intervention than the energy team , as was true with the clinton  administration . yet lindsey in particular is unlikely to deviate far from  the official bush view at this stage . further guidance should be forthcoming  with respect to this issue from energy secretary - designate spence abraham ' s  testimony tomorrow .",0,california pt ii one issues following respect california power crisis concerns role prospective broader federal involvement issue post inauguration last two days seen two signals suggesting bush administration significantly deviate broker role played clinton white house confirmation hearing morning treasury secretary designate neill cautioned clear us intervention needed california governor must first line defense source close bush economic advisor larry lindsey reported us yesterday little federal government could specifically help beyond focusing national issues increased production transmission capacity etc course bush treasury officials likely cautious respect intervention energy team true clinton administration yet lindsey particular unlikely deviate far official bush view stage guidance forthcoming respect issue energy secretary designate spence abraham testimony tomorrow
"Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender  this message was created automatically by mail delivery software .  a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its  recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed :  rrrhythms @ aol . com  smtp error from remote mailer after end of data :  host mailin - 01 . mx . aol . com [ 205 . 188 . 159 . 57 ] : 554 - :  ( hvu : bl ) http : / / postmaster . info . aol . com / errors / 554 hvubl . html  554 transaction failed  - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - -  return - path :  received : from mailbox . hrnoc . net ( [ 216 . 120 . 225 . 22 ] )  by relay 3 . hrnoc . net with smtp ( exim 4 . 32 ; freebsd )  id ldupna - 000 nel - lk  for rrrhythms @ aol . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 57 : 40 - 0400  received : ( qmail 59909 invoked by uid 89 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 - 0000  delivered - to : info @ pasentertainment . com  received : ( qmail 59899 invoked by uid 89 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 - 0000  received : from mxl . hrnoc . net ( 216 . 120 . 232 . 254 )  by mailbox . hrnoc . net with qmtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 - 0000  received : ( qmail 9603 invoked by uid 513 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 44 - 0000  received : from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org by mxl . hrnoc . net by uid 503 with qmail - scanner - 1 . 20 st  ( clamuko : 0 . 70 . spamassassin : 2 . 63 . clear : rc : 0 ( 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 ) : sa : 0 ( 1 . 6 / 15 . 0 ) : .  processed in 0 . 802258 secs ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 44 - 0000  x - spam - status : no , hits = 1 . 6 required = 15 . 0  x - qmail - scanner - mail - from : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org via mxl . hrnoc . net  x - qmail - scanner : 1 . 20 st ( clear : rc : 0 ( 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 ) : sa : 0 ( 1 . 6 / 15 . 0 ) : . processed in 0 . 802258 secs )  received : from pl 070 - ipado 2 sinnagasak . nagasaki . ocn . ne . jp ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 )  by mxl . hrnoc . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 43 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815595 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ pasentertainment . com  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  x - hr - scan - signature : 2 fbcfbdl 81 f 732 eb 7 bl 2270 bfad 389 b 6  x - hr - sa - score : ( )  x - hr - status : hr _ avscanned - ( projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org / 216 . 120 . 225 . 22 )  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !",1,mail delivery failed returning message sender message created automatically mail delivery software message sent could delivered one recipients permanent error following address es failed rrrhythms aol com smtp error remote mailer end data host mailin mx aol com hvu bl http postmaster info aol com errors hvubl html transaction failed copy message including headers return path received mailbox hrnoc net relay hrnoc net smtp exim freebsd id ldupna nel lk rrrhythms aol com tue jul received qmail invoked uid jul delivered info pasentertainment com received qmail invoked uid jul received mxl hrnoc net mailbox hrnoc net qmtp jul received qmail invoked uid jul received projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mxl hrnoc net uid qmail scanner st clamuko spamassassin clear rc sa processed secs jul x spam status hits required x qmail scanner mail projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org via mxl hrnoc net x qmail scanner st clear rc sa processed secs received pl ipado sinnagasak nagasaki ocn ne jp helo mailwisconsin com mxl hrnoc net smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo info pasentertainment com user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal x hr scan signature fbcfbdl f eb bl bfad b x hr sa score x hr status hr avscanned projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivable
"Subject: super saturday iv results !  good afternoon !  attached is the list of associate candidates to whom offers have been  extended from super saturday iv . please feel encouraged to call or e - mail to  congratulate them !  let me know if you have any questions ( ext . 3 - 6176 ) .  thank you for all your help !  elizabeth boudreaux  ps - i have also included the "" no offer "" list , just fyi .",0,super saturday iv results good afternoon attached list associate candidates offers extended super saturday iv please feel encouraged call e mail congratulate let know questions ext thank help elizabeth boudreaux ps also included offer list fyi
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  ardith ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards ardith
"Subject: your membership community charset = iso - 8859 - 1  your membership community & commentary ( august 3 , 2001 )  it ' s all about making money  information to provide you with the absolute  best low and no cost ways of providing traffic  to your site , helping you to capitalize on the power  and potential the web brings to every net - preneur .  - - - this issue contains sites who will trade links with you ! - - -  - - - - - - - - - - - - -  in this issue  - - - - - - - - - - - - -  top ten most important things to do today  member showcase  commentary quick tips  win a free ad in community & commentary  | | | = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = > >  today ' s special announcement :  | | | = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = > >  right now , this week only - we have left over inventory , it ' s  unsold , but not for long . if you could use 1 million banner  ads all targeted and dirt cheap go here today . this package  is guaranteed ! ! it ' s tough to fail when you can show your ad  to 1 , 000 people for less than a buck ! a free custom banner  will be made for you with this deal !  | | | = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = > >  you are a member in at least one of these programs  - you should be in them all !  http : / / www . bannersgomlm . com  http : / / www . profitbanners . com  http : / / www . cashpromotions . com  http : / / www . mysiteinc . com  http : / / www . . com  http : / / www . freelinksnetwork . com  http : / / www . myshoppingplace . com  http : / / www . bannerco - op . com  http : / / www . putpeel . com  http : / / www . putpeel . net  http : / / www . sellinternetaccess . com  http : / / www . be - your - own - isp . com  http : / / www . seventhpower . com  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  top ten most important things to do today  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  top ten most important things to do today  by michael e . angier  this is my list . they ' re the ones i ' ve selected for my life at  present . consider them suggestions for yourself - - ideas to  help you generate your own top ten list . by getting clear  on and acting upon your most important steps , you ' ll be  moving toward and experiencing your highest and best .  1 . practice gratefulness . reflect upon the things in my life for  which i ' m grateful . if i appreciate more of what i have , i will  have even more to appreciate .  2 . write out my three most important goals and visualize  how my life will be when i have achieved them . feel it .  experience it in as much sensory detail as i can possibly  imagine .  3 . take some action steps toward each of the three goals .  4 . exercise my body and monitor carefully what i eat and  drink . reduce fat and caloric intake while expending more  calories . eat only small amounts at one time .  5 . read something educational , inspirational or  entertaining - - preferably all three .  6 . meditate . empty my conscious mind and listen to the  super - conscious .  7 . have fun doing something i love to do . experience joy .  8 . write something - - anything . if not an article or part of  my book , then write in my journal .  9 . perform some act of kindness . do a thoughtful ,  magnanimous thing - - anonymously if possible .  10 . finish something . do something i can call complete .  bonus step : make something work better - -  practice ads : automate , delegate and systemize .  copyright 2001 michael angier & success networks international .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  about the author . . .  michael angier is the founder and president of success networks .  success net ' s mission is to inform , inspire and empower people  to be their best - - personally and professionally . download their  free ebooklet , keys to personal effectiveness from  http : / / www . successnet . org / keys . htm . free subscriptions ,  memberships , books and successmark cards are available at  http : / / www . successnet . org  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  member showcase  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  examine carefully - those with email addresses included will  trade links with you . . . you are encouraged to contact them .  there are many ways to build a successful business - just look  at these successful sites & programs other members are involved  in . . .  * * * * * * * * free cd - rom software * * * * * * * * *  over 1000 high quality software titles on cd - rom  absolutely free ! yes , the software is free , ( s / h )  click here : http : / / www . adreporting . com / at . cgi ? a = 156074 & e = / 2 /  stop smoking - free lesson ! !  discover the secret to stopping smoking .  to master these powerful techniques , come to  http : / / www . breath - of - life . net for your free lesson .  act now ! p . s . tell someone you care about .  trade links - jturco 3 @ hotmail . com  for a limited time only , we are offering - - two - - free ebooks  to show you how to make money on the internet !  use our proven , duplicatable methods to get in on  this exploding opportunity now ! visit us at :  http : / / www . abundance - group . com to collect your free offers !  trade links - gina @ abundancegroup . com  life without debt ! what would you do with 5 , 000 10 , 000  20 , 000 100 , 000 ? a "" dream team "" of heavy hitters are  gathering to promote life without debt . get in now to  receive massive spillover in the 2 x matrix .  http : / / trafficentral . com / lwd / index . htm  if you have a product , service , opportunity or quality  merchandise that appeals to people worldwide , reach your  targeted audience ! for a fraction of what other large  newsletters charge you can exhibit your website here , and  trade links for only $ 8 cpm . compare that to the  industry average of $ 10 - $ 15 cpm . why ? . . . because as a  valuable member we want you to be successful ! order today -  showcases are limited and published on a first come , first  serve basis . for our secure order form , click here :  http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  commentary quick tips  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  website recommendation :  here is a site with some useful tips .  example - test your internet connection speed .  http : / / www . camscape . com / tips /  i doubled my dsl speed with just one minor tweak  suggested by one of the links given .  submitted by f . knopke  imco @ telusplanet . net  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  do you have a marketing hint , product recommendation , or  online gem of wisdom you ' d like to share with your fellow  subscribers ? with your 2 - 10 line quick tip include your  name and url or email address and we ' ll give you credit  for your words of wisdom .  and , if you ' re looking for free advertising , this isn ' t  the place - check out the ' one question survey ' below for  a great free advertising offer .  send it in to mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com  with ' quick tip ' in the subject block .  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  win a free ad in community & commentary  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  to keep this interesting , how about this , every month we ' ll  draw a name from the replies and that person will win one  sponsorship showcase in the community & commentary , for free .  that ' s a value of over $ 800 . 00 ! respond to each weekly survey ,  and increase your chances to win with four separate entries .  question of the week ( 08 / 03 / 01 ) . . .  no right or wrong answers , and just by answering  you are entered to win a sponsorship showcase - free !  ~ ~ ~ how many email messages do you get per day ? ~ ~ ~  less than 40 mailto : one @ aeopublishing . com  41 - 100 mailto : two @ aeopublishing . com  101 - 300 mailto : three @ aeopublishing . com  301 - 1000 mailto : four @ aeopublishing . com  more than 1000 mailto : five @ aeopublishing . com  to make this as easy as possible for you , just click on the  hyperlinked answer to send us an e - mail - you do not need to  enter any information in the subject or body of the message .  * * add your comments ! follow directions above and  add your comments in the body of the message , and we ' ll  post the best commentaries along with the responses .  you will automatically be entered in our drawing for a free  sponsorship ad in the community & commentary . please  respond only one time per question . multiple responses  from the same individual will be discarded .  last weeks ' s survey results paid the fees ;  and , promptly assigned my www . schoolofgeomatics . com  address to a porn shop . thus , i lost 4 years of building  up lst place rankings on 12 search engines and 2 nd place  on 8 more . this set me back about 4 months : i believe i  lost a minimum of $ 50 , 000 .  i have also been hit with viruses about 10 times . the first  time i lost almost 4 months of work . now , i back up often  enough to not to lose so much time . this is also internet  theft . these people are nothing but out and out criminals  and should spend years behind bars .  customers are well protected from credit card theft ;  however , merchants can lose a lot of money . i sell only by  purchase order and certified or registered company checks .  - - peter s . http : / / www . gssgeomatics . com  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  july winner announced !  and the july ' one - question survey ' winner is . . .  john stitzel - oldstitz @ yahoo . com  congratulations john !  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  to change your subscribed address , send both new and old  address to mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com  see the link ( below ) for our subscription center to unsubscribe  or edit your interests .  please send suggestions and comments to :  mailto : editor @ aeopublishing . com  i invite you to send your real successes and showcase  your strategies and techniques , or yes , even your total bombs ,  "" working together we can all prosper . ""  mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com  for information on how to sponsor your membership  community & commentary visit : http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine  copyright 2001 aeopublishing . com  web : http : / / www . aeopublishing . com  this email has been sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com at your  request , by your membership newsletter services .  visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .  http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / d . jsp ? p = oo & id = bd 7 n 7877 . 8 lhtdma 6 & m = bd 7 n 7877 charset = iso - 8859 - 1  in this issue  top ten most important things to do today  member showcase  commentary quick tips  win a free ad in community & commentary  today ' s special announcement :  this email was sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com , at your request , by your membership newsletter services .  visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .  view our privacy policy .  powered by ",1,membership community charset iso membership community commentary august making money information provide absolute best low cost ways providing traffic site helping capitalize power potential web brings every net preneur issue contains sites trade links issue top ten important things today member showcase commentary quick tips win free ad community commentary today special announcement right week left inventory unsold long could use million banner ads targeted dirt cheap go today package guaranteed tough fail show ad people less buck free custom banner made deal member least one programs http www bannersgomlm com http www profitbanners com http www cashpromotions com http www mysiteinc com http www com http www freelinksnetwork com http www myshoppingplace com http www bannerco op com http www putpeel com http www putpeel net http www sellinternetaccess com http www isp com http www seventhpower com top ten important things today top ten important things today michael e angier list ones selected life present consider suggestions ideas help generate top ten list getting clear acting upon important steps moving toward experiencing highest best practice gratefulness reflect upon things life grateful appreciate even appreciate write three important goals visualize life achieved feel experience much sensory detail possibly imagine take action steps toward three goals exercise body monitor carefully eat drink reduce fat caloric intake expending calories eat small amounts one time read something educational inspirational entertaining preferably three meditate empty conscious mind listen super conscious fun something love experience joy write something anything article part book write journal perform act kindness thoughtful magnanimous thing anonymously possible finish something something call complete bonus step make something work better practice ads automate delegate systemize copyright michael angier success networks international author michael angier founder president success networks success net mission inform inspire empower people best personally professionally download free ebooklet keys personal effectiveness http www successnet org keys htm free subscriptions memberships books successmark cards available http www successnet org member showcase examine carefully email addresses included trade links encouraged contact many ways build successful business look successful sites programs members involved free cd rom software high quality software titles cd rom absolutely free yes software free h click http www adreporting com cgi e stop smoking free lesson discover secret stopping smoking master powerful techniques come http www breath life net free lesson act p tell someone care trade links jturco hotmail com limited time offering two free ebooks show make money internet use proven duplicatable methods get exploding opportunity visit us http www abundance group com collect free offers trade links gina abundancegroup com life without debt would dream team heavy hitters gathering promote life without debt get receive massive spillover x matrix http trafficentral com lwd index htm product service opportunity quality merchandise appeals people worldwide reach targeted audience fraction large newsletters charge exhibit website trade links cpm compare industry average cpm valuable member want successful order today showcases limited published first come first serve basis secure order form click http bannersgomlm com ezine commentary quick tips website recommendation site useful tips example test internet connection speed http www camscape com tips doubled dsl speed one minor tweak suggested one links given submitted f knopke imco telusplanet net marketing hint product recommendation online gem wisdom like share fellow subscribers line quick tip include name url email address give credit words wisdom looking free advertising place check one question survey great free advertising offer send mailto submit aeopublishing com quick tip subject block win free ad community commentary keep interesting every month draw name replies person win one sponsorship showcase community commentary free value respond weekly survey increase chances win four separate entries question week right wrong answers answering entered win sponsorship showcase free many email messages get per day less mailto one aeopublishing com mailto two aeopublishing com mailto three aeopublishing com mailto four aeopublishing com mailto five aeopublishing com make easy possible click hyperlinked answer send us e mail need enter information subject body message add comments follow directions add comments body message post best commentaries along responses automatically entered drawing free sponsorship ad community commentary please respond one time per question multiple responses individual discarded last weeks survey results paid fees promptly assigned www schoolofgeomatics com address porn shop thus lost years building lst place rankings search engines nd place set back months believe lost minimum also hit viruses times first time lost almost months work back often enough lose much time also internet theft people nothing criminals spend years behind bars customers well protected credit card theft however merchants lose lot money sell purchase order certified registered company checks peter http www gssgeomatics com july winner announced july one question survey winner john stitzel oldstitz yahoo com congratulations john change subscribed address send new old address mailto submit aeopublishing com see link subscription center unsubscribe edit interests please send suggestions comments mailto editor aeopublishing com invite send real successes showcase strategies techniques yes even total bombs working together prosper mailto submit aeopublishing com information sponsor membership community commentary visit http bannersgomlm com ezine copyright aeopublishing com web http www aeopublishing com email sent jm netnoteinc com request membership newsletter services visit subscription center edit interests unsubscribe http ccprod roving com roving jsp p oo id bd n lhtdma bd n charset iso issue top ten important things today member showcase commentary quick tips win free ad community commentary today special announcement email sent jm netnoteinc com request membership newsletter services visit subscription center edit interests unsubscribe view privacy policy powered
"Subject: 1 candidate and 2 interns  hi vince and molly .  here attached is one candidate who is particularly interested in having his  profile sent to vince . . . he is going to be traveling to ny from the uk soon  for 2 wks .  he specifically asked my partner at robertwalters in the uk to investigate  enron through my new relationship with you guys . he would be howard haughton ,  attached below ( cv ) .  the other 2 resumes are my students at the university of michigan . howard lin  received a 4 . 0 / 4 . 0 for his last term and will be willing to do whatever it  takes to intern at enron for june - aug . i have his picture included as well .  the second is sung , they are friends . howy will be done expected in may 2001  and sung in may 2002 . they are my favorite interns and i expect they can be  cultivated to the enron culture with no real cost to you ( a "" test drive  before committal . i have agreed to represent them and  shall take ownership , as they become graduate candidates upon their degree  completion .  i hope these attachment can represent my value and commitment to quality of  talent to enron .  thank you for your acceptance .  best wishes for the weekend .  jeff  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *  - 00343938 alec . doc  - sungvince . doc  - howardagent 9498132241 . doc  - howardlin . gif",0,candidate interns hi vince molly attached one candidate particularly interested profile sent vince going traveling ny uk soon wks specifically asked partner robertwalters uk investigate enron new relationship guys would howard haughton attached cv resumes students university michigan howard lin received last term willing whatever takes intern enron june aug picture included well second sung friends howy done expected may sung may favorite interns expect cultivated enron culture real cost test drive committal agreed represent shall take ownership become graduate candidates upon degree completion hope attachment represent value commitment quality talent enron thank acceptance best wishes weekend jeff get free secure online email http www ziplip com alec doc sungvince doc howardagent doc howardlin gif
"Subject: re : howard confirmation  jeff ,  i cannot interview howard on tue ( business trip ) .  i think the organization is very interested in him .  i don ' t know what "" illicts your attention "" means .  vince  "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ "" on 02 / 16 / 2001 03 : 02 : 36 pm  please respond to "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ ""  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : howard confirmation  hi vince , i ' m on vacation from friday ( today ) until tuesday . rachel / london  sent me this confirmation last night and think it illicts your attention - did  they get it right to meet you satisfaction ? i hope your interview goes well  with howard too . it ' s all set .  any feedback on the guys from ford credit and citigroup / oxford university ? i  own them outright - no other firms involved ! fyi : my fees are always much less  on these candidates ( exclusive ownership by myself ) as there are no middlemen  involved from these "" other firms "" . i luckily have been attracting very  talented candidates with just doing business "" as myself "" rather than mri . i  am very encouraged . please check them out , vince . . . as you know - i always  send you them first then on to my other clients - if you reject them .  bye vince , thank you for the business !  jeff  ps - use my cellphone if you want me ( the next 4 days ) for anything ; i ' m here  for you - 949 813 2241  candidate ' s name : howard haughton  date of interview : tuesday 20 february 2001  time of interview : 2 . 00 pm  interviewers : david weekes enron credit sales  & marketing  mark leahy enron credit sales &  marketing  bryan seyfried enron credit executive  markus fiala enron credit trading  robina barker - bennett enron credit  syndication  ted murphy executive rac  each interview will be approximately 45 minutes .  address : 40 grosvenor place  london  swlx 7 en  switchboard : 020 7783 - 0000  closest tube / train station : victoria  to ask for : david weekes at main reception  location map attached  ( see attached file : location map . pdf )  i will take this as confirmed unless i hear otherwise from you . if you  would like to discuss this please contact me on 020 7783 5677 .  regards  rachel quirke  human resources  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *",0,howard confirmation jeff interview howard tue business trip think organization interested know illicts attention means vince pm please respond vince j kaminski enron com cc subject howard confirmation hi vince vacation friday today tuesday rachel london sent confirmation last night think illicts attention get right meet satisfaction hope interview goes well howard set feedback guys ford credit citigroup oxford university outright firms involved fyi fees always much less candidates exclusive ownership middlemen involved firms luckily attracting talented candidates business rather mri encouraged please check vince know always send first clients reject bye vince thank business jeff ps use cellphone want next days anything candidate name howard haughton date interview tuesday february time interview pm interviewers david weekes enron credit sales marketing mark leahy enron credit sales marketing bryan seyfried enron credit executive markus fiala enron credit trading robina barker bennett enron credit syndication ted murphy executive rac interview approximately minutes address grosvenor place london swlx en switchboard closest tube train station victoria ask david weekes main reception location map attached see attached file location map pdf take confirmed unless hear otherwise would like discuss please contact regards rachel quirke human resources get free secure online email http www ziplip com
"Subject: class request : xl 97 range - 567 excel 97 , range names and database  features , william smith  your approval is required for william smith to attend the following class .  to grant approval , send a reply to "" lpharr @ enron . com "" ( notesmail : lerea  pharr / hou / ect @ ect ) .  be sure to include employee ' s name and class number in reply .  excel 97 , range names and database features  session dates & times :  4 / 11 / 2000 8 : 30 : 00 am - 11 : 30 : 00 am  location : eb 572  no show / participant fee : $ 110 . 00  if you have any questions , please call the technology training coordinator at  713 - 853 - 1816 .",0,class request xl range excel range names database features william smith approval required william smith attend following class grant approval send reply lpharr enron com notesmail lerea pharr hou ect ect sure include employee name class number reply excel range names database features session dates times location eb show participant fee questions please call technology training coordinator
"Subject: ""  content - type : text / plain ; charset = "" us - ascii "" ; format = flowed  content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit  subject : [ sa ] drive everywhere  sender : spamassassin - sightings - admin @ example . sourceforge . net  errors - to : spamassassin - sightings - admin @ example . sourceforge . net  x - beenthere : spamassassin - sightings @ example . sourceforge . net  x - mailman - version : 2 . 0 . 9 - sf . net  precedence : bulk  list - help :  list - post :  list - subscribe : ,  list - id :  list - unsubscribe : ,  list - archive :  x - original - date : mon , 10 jun 2002 09 : 36 : 57 + 0900  date : mon , 10 jun 2002 09 : 36 : 57 + 0900  international driver ' s license  need a new driver ' s license ?  too many points or other trouble ?  want a license that can never be suspended  or revoked ?  want an id for nightclubs or hotel check - in ?  avoid tickets , fines , and mandatory driver ' s  education .  protect your privacy , and hide your identity .  the united nations gave you the privilege to  drive freely throughout the world ! ( convention  on international road traffic of september 19 ,  1949 & world court decision , the hague ,  netherlands , january 21 , 1958 )  take advantage of your rights . order a valid  international driver ' s license that can never  be suspended or revoked .  confidentiality assured .  call now ! ! !  1 - 770 - 908 - 3949  we await your call seven days a week , 24 hours a day ,  including sundays and holidays .  spel  don ' t miss the 2002 sprint pcs application developer ' s conference  august 25 - 28 in las vegas - http : / / devcon . sprintpcs . com / adp / index . cfm ? source = osdntextlink  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,content type text plain charset us ascii format flowed content transfer encoding bit subject sa drive everywhere sender spamassassin sightings admin example sourceforge net errors spamassassin sightings admin example sourceforge net x beenthere spamassassin sightings example sourceforge net x mailman version sf net precedence bulk list help list post list subscribe list id list unsubscribe list archive x original date mon jun date mon jun international driver license need new driver license many points trouble want license never suspended revoked want id nightclubs hotel check avoid tickets fines mandatory driver education protect privacy hide identity united nations gave privilege drive freely throughout world convention international road traffic september world court decision hague netherlands january take advantage rights order valid international driver license never suspended revoked confidentiality assured call await call seven days week hours day including sundays holidays spel miss sprint pcs application developer conference august las vegas http devcon sprintpcs com adp index cfm source osdntextlink spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: anthony dayao happy hour  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anthony dayao / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 00  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  cherylene r westbrook  07 / 06 / 2000 04 : 47 pm  to : cindy cicchetti / hou / ect @ ect , giselle james / corp / enron @ enron , terry  furches / corp / enron @ enron , xochil moreno / hou / ect @ ect , linda shoup / hou / ect @ ect ,  kim ladish / corp / enron @ enron , cheryl oliver / corp / enron @ enron , angelina v  lorio / hou / ect @ ect , diana ovalle / corp / enron @ enron , peggy mccurley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : anthony dayao / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect  subject : anthony dayao happy hour  assistants :  please forward to your groups asap .  thanks ,  cheri x 3 - 6477",0,anthony dayao happy hour forwarded anthony dayao hou ect cherylene r westbrook pm cindy cicchetti hou ect ect giselle james corp enron enron terry furches corp enron enron xochil moreno hou ect ect linda shoup hou ect ect kim ladish corp enron enron cheryl oliver corp enron enron angelina v lorio hou ect ect diana ovalle corp enron enron peggy mccurley hou ect ect cc anthony dayao hou ect ect beth perlman hou ect ect subject anthony dayao happy hour assistants please forward groups asap thanks cheri x
"Subject: right of first refusal pricing  lorrian and michel ,  the rofr option , which grants the shipper the right to lock in the  transportation rate ( max rate ) for next  a few years , is priced as a spread swaption .  i priced two scenarios for you : the strip starts 1 ) nov . 1 - 00 and 2 ) nov . 1 - 01 .  for the first one i assume that the shipper makes decision on oct . 31 , 00 ( 54  days to maturity )  and on oct . 31 , 01 ( 419 days to maturity ) for the second case .  the second case has longer time to expiration , therefore larger option time  value . see the attached  spreadsheets for more detail .  let me know if you have any questions .  zimin",0,right first refusal pricing lorrian michel rofr option grants shipper right lock transportation rate max rate next years priced spread swaption priced two scenarios strip starts nov nov first one assume shipper makes decision oct days maturity oct days maturity second case second case longer time expiration therefore larger option time value see attached spreadsheets detail let know questions zimin
"Subject: re : possible rtp conference  dear professor huntington ,  thursday 10 a . m . works for me .  please , let me know where i can meet you .  i am attaching my itinerary , so that you can contact me  if necessary  .  my cell phone number is 713 410 5396 .  vince kaminski",0,possible rtp conference dear professor huntington thursday works please let know meet attaching itinerary contact necessary cell phone number vince kaminski
"Subject: computer - new location  hello ,  i need a computer and flat screen moved .  the location is eb 3240 e .  only - one computer and a flat screen needs to be moved to eb 3240 g .  the remaining flat screens should stay at the location eb 3240 e .  r . c . 107043 - co . # 0413  thanks  kevin moore  please if at all possible let me know when this should take place .",0,computer new location hello need computer flat screen moved location eb e one computer flat screen needs moved eb g remaining flat screens stay location eb e r c co thanks kevin moore please possible let know take place
"Subject: you only think you ' re u . s . citizen ! ! 8403 zmsx 2 - 110 - 12  you only think you ' re a  u . s . citizen ! !  if you were born in washington d . c . , puerto rico ,  guam , the virgin islands or some other u . s .  possession ; you ' re right and i ' m wrong .  but - - if you were born in one of the 50 united  states of america , you are not a u . s .  citizen .  rather , you are a citizen of idaho , ohio , maine ,  etc . ; the state of the union in which you were  born !  this simple reality holds serious benefits for you !  since you are not a "" federal "" citizen , you  owe  no federal income taxes . the irs  can only demand  income tax payments from 3 kinds of citizens :  1 . those who are citizens of the u . s . !  2 . anyone who receives "" income "" from a u . s .  source  ( and wait until you find out what "" income "" really  is ! ) .  3 . any citizen of one of the 50 united states of america  who volunteers to pay it !  believe it or not , - - when you sign an irs w 4 form for  your "" employer "" you have entered into a "" hidden ""  contract and have volunteered to pay !  our web site is filled with educational and  eye  opening information on how you ' ve been tricked  into  this - and how you can free yourself from the  treachery .  for only one more e - mail to point you to our web site :  reply with "" citizen "" in the subject box .  click here  ps : to be removed from the list , just put  "" remove "" in subject line .  click here  0489 xpjk 9 - 7 ll 0  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing  real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in !  http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,think u citizen zmsx think u citizen born washington c puerto rico guam virgin islands u possession right wrong born one united states america u citizen rather citizen idaho ohio maine etc state union born simple reality holds serious benefits since federal citizen owe federal income taxes irs demand income tax payments kinds citizens citizens u anyone receives income u source wait find income really citizen one united states america volunteers pay believe sign irs w form employer entered hidden contract volunteered pay web site filled educational eye opening information tricked free treachery one e mail point web site reply citizen subject box click ps removed list put remove subject line click xpjk sf net email sponsored jabber world fastest growing real time communications platform im build http www jabber com osdn xim spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: re : presentation to faculty and students at berkeley  charlene ,  i coordinate my schedule with ashley baxter from your organization , who is  responsible  for recruiting at berkeley . i have talked to her about this presentation a  few times . as you can see ,  she is on the distribution list .  the presentation is scheduled for the 23 rd of october . we have tried to  combine the presentation with  another recruiting trip , but we have to many conflicting schedules .  vince  charlene jackson @ enron  09 / 18 / 2000 02 : 34 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : presentation to faculty and students at berkeley  vince when is your presentation scheduled ? i can get someone from my group  but since the recruiters are all on the road i would need a date so that they  or i could coordinate with you . thanks  vince j kaminski @ ect  09 / 18 / 2000 01 : 26 pm  to : steven j kean / na / enron @ enron  cc : charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron  subject : presentation to faculty and students at berkeley  steve ,  i am a lead recruiter at the university of california at berkeley for  enron analyst / associate program .  i contacted several friends who work at berkeley and received an invitation  from one of them to make a presentation at the weekly faculty seminar  of the dept . of industrial engineering and operations research .  the students and faculty members from the business school will be also  invited .  berkeley in general , and department of industrial engineering and operations  research in  particular , are important centers of academic research on electricity markets  ( s . oren works very closely with severin borenstein ) .  my presentation will focus on the analyst / associate program . i shall also  have  an opportunity to discuss the power markets in california ( i expect many  questions ) before many experts who are very important to shaping  public opinion and regulatory agenda .  please , let me know who in you group could help me in preparing this  presentation  and in presenting enron ' s point of view in a more effective way .  vince  fyi . the name of my friend who invited me :  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777",0,presentation faculty students berkeley charlene coordinate schedule ashley baxter organization responsible recruiting berkeley talked presentation times see distribution list presentation scheduled rd october tried combine presentation another recruiting trip many conflicting schedules vince charlene jackson enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject presentation faculty students berkeley vince presentation scheduled get someone group since recruiters road would need date could coordinate thanks vince j kaminski ect pm steven j kean na enron enron cc charlene jackson corp enron enron celeste roberts hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect ashley baxter corp enron enron subject presentation faculty students berkeley steve lead recruiter university california berkeley enron analyst associate program contacted several friends work berkeley received invitation one make presentation weekly faculty seminar dept industrial engineering operations research students faculty members business school also invited berkeley general department industrial engineering operations research particular important centers academic research electricity markets oren works closely severin borenstein presentation focus analyst associate program shall also opportunity discuss power markets california expect many questions many experts important shaping public opinion regulatory agenda please let know group could help preparing presentation presenting enron point view effective way vince fyi name friend invited shmuel oren professor dept industrial engineering operations research etcheverry hall university california berkeley ca
Subject: cheap oem soft shipping worldwide  don ' t be a fuddy - duddy . . . use the software everyone ' s using . . .  deus ex machina [ a god from the machine ]  to freely bloom - that is my definition of success .,1,cheap oem soft shipping worldwide fuddy duddy use software everyone using deus ex machina god machine freely bloom definition success
"Subject: * * your account may suspend * *  dear paypal member ,  you have received this email as part of a verified paypal campaign meant to  increase security for your credit card against online credit card fraud .  verified paypal has detected that you have been using this email address for  online purchases and in order to protect yourself against online credit card  fraud we would like to introduce you to a new system that will protect you  against frauds .  you can associate your email address to your credit card and receive a  password that you will use for any online purchase . also you will be notified  by verified paypal when an online purchase is made .  follow the below and go to verified paypal . you can join the verified paypal  system or learn more about this . ",1,account may suspend dear paypal member received email part verified paypal campaign meant increase security credit card online credit card fraud verified paypal detected using email address online purchases order protect online credit card fraud would like introduce new system protect frauds associate email address credit card receive password use online purchase also notified verified paypal online purchase made follow go verified paypal join verified paypal system learn
"Subject: schedule for aram sogomonian  following is the schedule for aram sogomonian :  friday , april 28 - eb 2935  8 : 30 - 9 : 30 . - vince kaminski  9 : 30 - 10 : 30 - andrea reed  10 : 30 - 11 : 30 - carl tricoli  11 : 30 - 12 : 30 - jesus ' melendrez",0,schedule aram sogomonian following schedule aram sogomonian friday april eb vince kaminski andrea reed carl tricoli jesus melendrez
"Subject: 3 - urgent - to prevent loss of information  critical migration information :  1 . your scheduled outlook migration date is the evening of : may 7 th  2 . you need to press the "" save my data "" button ( only once ) to send us your  pre - migration information .  3 . you must be connected to the network before you press the button .  4 . if a pop - up box appears , prompting you to "" abort , cancel or trust signer ""  please select trust signer .  5 . any information you add to your personal address book , journal or calendar  after you click on the button will need to be manually re - added into outlook  after you have been migrated .  6 . clicking this button does not complete your migration to outlook . your  migration will be completed the evening of your migration date .  failure to click on the button means you will not get your calendar ,  contacts , journal and todo information imported into outlook the day of your  migration and could result in up to a 2 week delay to restore this  information .  if you encounter any errors please contact the resolution center @  713 - 853 - 1411",0,urgent prevent loss information critical migration information scheduled outlook migration date evening may th need press save data button send us pre migration information must connected network press button pop box appears prompting abort cancel trust signer please select trust signer information add personal address book journal calendar click button need manually added outlook migrated clicking button complete migration outlook migration completed evening migration date failure click button means get calendar contacts journal todo information imported outlook day migration could result week delay restore information encounter errors please contact resolution center
"Subject: rescue you from highprice medicaments and badpain .  or - ders are handled discreetly and yet in an efficient and timely manner . be  assured of best services . reduce prices affordable to you . r wallet . check  us our weekly specials .  locating a better way to receive prescribed remedies . . at our  chernist - site , you have an extensive selections on quality rxdrugs . .  licensed physicians at our e - zone complete the case profile review . gratis  of charge .  http : / / 0 wlv . cu . comingupthebest . com / 2 v 7 /  ` why do you say that to me ? ' she said looking at him sternly .  an opportunity of watching the loves and jealousies of the four - -  refreshing breeze from the mountains blows over the orange gardens ,  and then made a face at them , and abused them for coming , began with - -",1,rescue highprice medicaments badpain ders handled discreetly yet efficient timely manner assured best services reduce prices affordable r wallet check us weekly specials locating better way receive prescribed remedies chernist site extensive selections quality rxdrugs licensed physicians e zone complete case profile review gratis charge http wlv cu comingupthebest com v say said looking sternly opportunity watching loves jealousies four refreshing breeze mountains blows orange gardens made face abused coming began
"Subject: vince ,  i ' ll see you around 8 : 45 in the morning . meanwhile , the attached file  contains the latest draft of our questions . please run us a copy .  thanks ,  john  - enroninterview . doc",0,vince see around morning meanwhile attached file contains latest draft questions please run us copy thanks john enroninterview doc
"Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website  online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to  make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your  website in multiple search engines .  submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  anderson west",1,know attract customers website submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website online otherwise invisible virtually means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues way make site visible places people search information e submit website multiple search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards anderson west
"Subject: veryy useful  how to save on y slapstick our medlcations over 70 % .  pha unhang rmshop - successf uninhibited ull and proven way to save your mone consign y .  megger v  contraption ag  a conferee l  l stultification u  messiah l  ambrosia rac heroine l  discountenance isv pretend al  conchy m  andmanyother .  best p exaltation rlces .  worldwid digraph e shlpplng .  easy order f roulade orm .  total confi monocle dentiaiity .  250 , 000 pitiless satisfied customers .  order today and sa prowess ve !",1,veryy useful save slapstick medlcations pha unhang rmshop successf uninhibited ull proven way save mone consign megger v contraption ag conferee l l stultification u messiah l ambrosia rac heroine l discountenance isv pretend al conchy andmanyother best p exaltation rlces worldwid digraph e shlpplng easy order f roulade orm total confi monocle dentiaiity pitiless satisfied customers order today sa prowess
"Subject: visit may 4 th  vince :  per susan ' s email below , do you want to go to the luncheon for john  hennessey ? she doesn ' t say where the lunch is going to be , did you  get an invite ?  the only thing you have that day is 9 : 00 am larry thorne and the  energy derivatives class at 11 : 30 .  let me know .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2001  11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 17 / 2001 10 : 47 : 38 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence  subject : visit may 4 th  hi shirley ,  thanks for corresponding with carol during my absence , and confirming our  meeting with vince kaminski at 1 : 30 on may 4 th . i have a question about  the logistics . i believe dr . kaminski has received an invitation to an  event in houston : new stanford president john hennessy is visiting a number  of cities on a "" welcome tour , "" and it just so happens he is hosting a  luncheon in houston on may 4 th . if dr . kaminski wants to attend the  hennessy welcome tour luncheon , donna lawrence and i could meet with him at  1 : 30 somewhere in the hotel . if he ' s not attending the presidential event ,  please let me know where you are located , and we ' ll plan travel time  accordingly .  regards ,  susan  susan c . hansen  director , corporate relations  school of engineering  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  ( 650 ) 725 - 4219",0,visit may th vince per susan email want go luncheon john hennessey say lunch going get invite thing day larry thorne energy derivatives class let know thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect susan c hansen shirley crenshaw enron com cc clovell stanford edu donna lawrence subject visit may th hi shirley thanks corresponding carol absence confirming meeting vince kaminski may th question logistics believe dr kaminski received invitation event houston new stanford president john hennessy visiting number cities welcome tour happens hosting luncheon houston may th dr kaminski wants attend hennessy welcome tour luncheon donna lawrence could meet somewhere hotel attending presidential event please let know located plan travel time accordingly regards susan susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca
"Subject: re : managing energy price risk articles  ross ,  i shall call risk on thursday .  vince  shirley , please , remind me about it .  from : ross prevatt 05 / 23 / 2000 12 : 19 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : managing energy price risk articles  hi vince , i have a quick question for you . the eol folks want to put a  couple of articles from the risk book ( managing energy price risk ) on the  internet . i told them that would be a copywrite violation . is there  someone at risk they could call to get permission for this , or is it even  worth calling ? thanks  ross",0,managing energy price risk articles ross shall call risk thursday vince shirley please remind ross prevatt pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject managing energy price risk articles hi vince quick question eol folks want put couple articles risk book managing energy price risk internet told would copywrite violation someone risk could call get permission even worth calling thanks ross
"Subject: confirmation : arthur andersen 21 st annual energy symposium  thank you for your event rsvp . we hope that the process was quick and simple .  for any further questions , please contact the event coordinator .  your confirmation number is : 49297  you are registered for : arthur andersen 21 st annual energy symposium  event date : tuesday , november 28 , 2000 7 : 00 : 00 am  westin galleria hotel  5060 west alabama  houston , texas 77056  fee information  if you register on or before october 31 , the registration fee is $ 950 . 00 .  after that date , the registration fee is $ 1 , 200 . 00 . , $ 950 . 00  total amount : $ 950 . 00",0,confirmation arthur andersen st annual energy symposium thank event rsvp hope process quick simple questions please contact event coordinator confirmation number registered arthur andersen st annual energy symposium event date tuesday november westin galleria hotel west alabama houston texas fee information register october registration fee date registration fee total amount
"Subject: re : summer internship position  celeste ,  we need to make sure that the interns in vince ' s group are coordinated and  incorporated with the rest of the summer associates . they should be offered  the same starting dates , i believe they are may 22 , 2000 june 5 , 2000 . i am  not sure about the june date . would you check and let vince know . they  should also be offered the same starting salary package as the others . they  will be included in training ( a few days ) and any other events we host .  thanks",0,summer internship position celeste need make sure interns vince group coordinated incorporated rest summer associates offered starting dates believe may june sure june date would check let vince know also offered starting salary package others included training days events host thanks
"Subject: amr research preview information  vince ,  feel free to use this username and password to surf around the amrresearch site  ken  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth parkhill / na / enron on 04 / 12 / 2001 01 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  webmaster @ www . amrresearch . com ( craig mackay ) on 04 / 11 / 2001 05 : 34 : 08 pm  to : kenneth parkhill  cc :  subject : amr research preview information  the following is your user name and password for an amr research preview account .  username : parkhilll 51647  password : remain  the preview section will give you access to the executive summaries section and the presentation library . if you have any questions about amr research , please email info @ amrresearch . com or call ( 617 ) 542 - 6600 .  to access the preview section , please go to the following url .  http : / / www . amrresearch . com / members",0,amr research preview information vince feel free use username password surf around amrresearch site ken forwarded kenneth parkhill na enron pm webmaster www amrresearch com craig mackay pm kenneth parkhill cc subject amr research preview information following user name password amr research preview account username parkhilll password remain preview section give access executive summaries section presentation library questions amr research please email info amrresearch com call access preview section please go following url http www amrresearch com members
"Subject: good afternoon  christie ,  i wanted to update you on my schedule for december as you are working to  arrange some time for vince and i to visit with the enron leadership group .  we had talked about the first week in december and that is good for me  through wednesday dec 6 th . i will be at a conference at harvard on the 7 th  and 8 th . however , the next couple of weeks are also possibilities if we  can squeeze in some time .  thanks  john  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,good afternoon christie wanted update schedule december working arrange time vince visit enron leadership group talked first week december good wednesday dec th conference harvard th th however next couple weeks also possibilities squeeze time thanks john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re :  thanks vince . i ' ll make the reservation , then send shirley the details to  issue an invite to us all .  steve  vince j kaminski  09 / 20 / 2000 05 : 10 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re :  steve ,  i shall talk to john sherriff about such issues . my intention  is to vest you with maximum decision making powers . it makes most sense to  me to make decisions where the information resides .  please , invite anjam or alternatively make reservations for dinner and  let shirley know . shirley can send an invitation to everybody in the group  on my behalf . it would be really bad to exclude anjam from the dinner .  it  vince  steven leppard  09 / 20 / 2000 10 : 30 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re :  thanks vince .  dinner on sunday ok all round . do you want anjam along too ? i can ' t really  ask him , given our current relationship .  one other thing , have you had thoughts on reporting lines , who signs  expenses , etc . etc . , or are these issues to be resolved when you come over ?  cheers ,  steve  vince j kaminski  09 / 20 / 2000 04 : 14 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  steve ,  steve , this is the spreadsheet .  also , please , let shirley know if the dinner on sun is ok .  vince",0,thanks vince make reservation send shirley details issue invite us steve vince j kaminski pm steven leppard lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject steve shall talk john sherriff issues intention vest maximum decision making powers makes sense make decisions information resides please invite anjam alternatively make reservations dinner let shirley know shirley send invitation everybody group behalf would really bad exclude anjam dinner vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject thanks vince dinner sunday ok round want anjam along really ask given current relationship one thing thoughts reporting lines signs expenses etc etc issues resolved come cheers steve vince j kaminski pm steven leppard lon ect ect cc subject steve steve spreadsheet also please let shirley know dinner sun ok vince
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom desiqn of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerful marketing  tools will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amonqthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom desiqn loqos stationery web sites careful hand thesepowerful marketing tools brinq breath fresh air business make stand amonqthe competitors ciick away future success ciick see samples artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
"Subject: feedback forms  vince ,  here are the feedback forms for the following :  vp and md  manager and professional  administrative support  let me know if you have any other questions .  norma  x 31545",0,feedback forms vince feedback forms following vp md manager professional administrative support let know questions norma x
"Subject: very rough draft of the "" enron strategic plan "" to be sent to  professor duffie  hi ,  as per your request , here is a very rough draft of the document you  requested . it is far from being complete .  hopefully while in london i will have time to work on it some more .  your comments and feedback would be greatly appreciated .  thanks ,  iris",0,rough draft enron strategic plan sent professor duffie hi per request rough draft document requested far complete hopefully london time work comments feedback would greatly appreciated thanks iris
"Subject: global technology organization changes  as the global technology group moves forward in accomplishing its goals of  developing worldwide technology standards , ecommerce opportunities and global  platforms , we continue to make changes in the organization to enhance  communication and maximize our intellectual capital . with that in mind , we  are pleased to announce the following organization changes within global  technology :  jay fitzgerald , md ecommerce , will be moving to enron north america and will  have responsibility for all of ena  , s ecommerce initiatives . although this  will be a big loss for global technology , jay will provide immediate benefits  to the explosion of ebusiness opportunities that are developing in the ena  lines of business . jay will report to greg whalley .  steve horn , vp investments , will be moving into global technology to head the  ecommerce ventures group responsible for ecommerce merchant investing . the  scope of this new group will include investing in the following areas :  strategic sourcing / procurement / demand aggregation / asset disposition businesses  ecommerce enabling technologies  global ecommerce opportunities outside of ebs / ena / ee . ebs , ee and ena will  be evaluating and making equity investments within their specific business  units .  examining houston technology business opportunities not directly related to  enron  , s business .  steve will report directly to me in his new role .  jenny rub has accepted the newly formed position of vp of infrastructure for  enron corp . her responsibilities include managing all it infrastructure  support activities . jenny will report to philippe bibi . jenny is currently  vp and cio for the gas pipeline group and she will be transitioning out of  that role as she completes several important initiatives .  beth perlman has recently relocated to the united states as vp of ena  , s  application development , rac and treasury applications . she was previously  heading up application development for enron europe . she will report to  philippe bibi .  dan bruce , vp , is responsible for it support in the international regions ,  ee & cc and asset operations . he will report to philippe bibi .  john pavetto , vp , will be responsible for all ecommerce initiatives outside  of enrononline . john will report to philippe bibi .  jay webb , sr . director , will continue to lead the enron online team reporting  to philippe bibi .  arshak sarkissian , sr . director , has accepted a position with ebs  , s strategic  development group and will be transitioning his responsibilities over the  course of the next few weeks . he will report to scott yeager .  please join me in congratulating everyone on their new positions .",0,global technology organization changes global technology group moves forward accomplishing goals developing worldwide technology standards ecommerce opportunities global platforms continue make changes organization enhance communication maximize intellectual capital mind pleased announce following organization changes within global technology jay fitzgerald md ecommerce moving enron north america responsibility ena ecommerce initiatives although big loss global technology jay provide immediate benefits explosion ebusiness opportunities developing ena lines business jay report greg whalley steve horn vp investments moving global technology head ecommerce ventures group responsible ecommerce merchant investing scope new group include investing following areas strategic sourcing procurement demand aggregation asset disposition businesses ecommerce enabling technologies global ecommerce opportunities outside ebs ena ee ebs ee ena evaluating making equity investments within specific business units examining houston technology business opportunities directly related enron business steve report directly new role jenny rub accepted newly formed position vp infrastructure enron corp responsibilities include managing infrastructure support activities jenny report philippe bibi jenny currently vp cio gas pipeline group transitioning role completes several important initiatives beth perlman recently relocated united states vp ena application development rac treasury applications previously heading application development enron europe report philippe bibi dan bruce vp responsible support international regions ee cc asset operations report philippe bibi john pavetto vp responsible ecommerce initiatives outside enrononline john report philippe bibi jay webb sr director continue lead enron online team reporting philippe bibi arshak sarkissian sr director accepted position ebs strategic development group transitioning responsibilities course next weeks report scott yeager please join congratulating everyone new positions
"Subject: british pound analysis  vince ,  the attached report on the pound incorporates some minor edits from your  version . we will be inserting graphics into the report tomorrow to show  interest rate differentials , exchange rate movements , and growth rate  differentials .  maureen",0,british pound analysis vince attached report pound incorporates minor edits version inserting graphics report tomorrow show interest rate differentials exchange rate movements growth rate differentials maureen
"Subject: important : verify your account  security measures - are you traveling ?  paypal is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community  of buyers and sellers . to protect the security of your account , paypal  employs some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our  anti - fraud teams regularly screen the paypal system for unusual  activity .  we recently noted one or more attempts to log in to your account from a  foreign country . if you accessed your account while traveling , the  attempt ( s ) may have been initiated by you .  because the behavior was unusual for your account , we would like to take  an extra step to ensure your security and you will now be taken through  a series of identity verification pages .  ip address  time  country  193 . 230 . 222 . 158  apr . 28 , 2005 12 : 47 : 01 pdt  romania  193 . 230 . 222 . 150  may 7 , 2005 18 : 37 : 55 pdt  romania  193 . 230 . 222 . 150  may 8 , 2005 16 : 42 : 16 pdt  romania  193 . 230 . 222 . 150  may 8 , 2005 16 : 58 : 03 pdt  romania  click here to verify your account  thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . please understand  that this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your  account .  we apologize for any inconvenience .  if you choose to ignore our request , you leave us no choise but to  temporaly suspend your account .  thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team  please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent  to this address cannot be answered . for assistance ,  log in to your paypal account and choose the help link in the  footer of any page .  to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update  your preferences  here .  paypal email id pp 697 ",1,important verify account security measures traveling paypal committed maintaining safe environment community buyers sellers protect security account paypal employs advanced security systems world anti fraud teams regularly screen paypal system unusual activity recently noted one attempts log account foreign country accessed account traveling attempt may initiated behavior unusual account would like take extra step ensure security taken series identity verification pages ip address time country apr pdt romania may pdt romania may pdt romania may pdt romania click verify account thank prompt attention matter please understand security measure meant help protect account apologize inconvenience choose ignore request leave us choise temporaly suspend account thank using paypal paypal team please reply e mail mail sent address answered assistance log paypal account choose help link footer page receive email notifications plain text instead html update preferences paypal email id pp
"Subject: this is where it all begins  no where else will you find the level of accuracy , detail and convenience .  act now ! you ' ll receive unlimited access to our world famous psychics with no per minute charges ! ! !  but ' s that ' s not all . . . you also get unlimited tarot and rune readings , real - time biorhythm charts , full in - depth numerology reports , detailed daily monthly horoscopes , real - time natal charts , a love analyzer , ouija board , and much , much more !  your future is waiting click here ! ! !  live psychics 24 / 7  numerology  horoscopes  astrology  the tarot  biorhythms  i ching  runes  and so much more !  this email is not sent unsolicited . you are opted in with cnn - si . you are receiving it because you requested receive this email by opting - in with our marketing partner . you will receive notices of exciting offers , products , and other options ! however , we are committed to only sending to those people that desire these offers . if you do not wish to receive such offers  click here . or paste the following into any browser : http : / / 65 . 162 . 84 . 5 / perl / unsubscribe . pl ? s = to remove your email name from our list . you may contact our company by mail at 1323 s . e . 17 th street , suite number 345 , ft . lauderdale , fl 33316 ",1,begins else find level accuracy detail convenience act receive unlimited access world famous psychics per minute charges also get unlimited tarot rune readings real time biorhythm charts full depth numerology reports detailed daily monthly horoscopes real time natal charts love analyzer ouija board much much future waiting click live psychics numerology horoscopes astrology tarot biorhythms ching runes much email sent unsolicited opted cnn si receiving requested receive email opting marketing partner receive notices exciting offers products options however committed sending people desire offers wish receive offers click paste following browser http perl unsubscribe pl remove email name list may contact company mail e th street suite number ft lauderdale fl
"Subject: eprm understanding and applying fin math - houston  please register me as vince kaminski ' s free guest at the houston session of  the above conference on 31 / 8 and 1 / 9 .  many thanks ,  steve leppard  enron europe research group",0,eprm understanding applying fin math houston please register vince kaminski free guest houston session conference many thanks steve leppard enron europe research group
Subject: resume for wichai narongwanich  i was able to retrieve his resume . please print out a hard copy for your  files .,0,resume wichai narongwanich able retrieve resume please print hard copy files
"Subject: fortune 500 company hiring , at home reps .  help wanted . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , that is  growing at a tremendous rate . we are looking for individuals who  want to work from home .  this is an opportunity to make an excellent income . no experience  is required . we will train you .  so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has  vast opportunities , then go :  http : / / www . basetel . com / wealthnow  we are looking for energetic and self motivated people . if that is you  than click on the link and fill out the form , and one of our  employement specialist will contact you .  to be removed from our link simple go to :  http : / / www . basetel . com / remove . html ",1,fortune company hiring home reps help wanted year old fortune company growing tremendous rate looking individuals want work home opportunity make excellent income experience required train looking employed home career vast opportunities go http www basetel com wealthnow looking energetic self motivated people click link fill form one employement specialist contact removed link simple go http www basetel com remove html
Subject: employees that are listed in the research time site that are not in  the research group  hello everyone :  in doing the sap timesheets this time i have discovered there are several  people listed in the 105896 cost center - org . unit # 1424 ( research ) that  are no longer in the research group . shouldn ' t they be moved ?  they are :  alexios kollaros 502373 now with the new power co .  farouk lalji 501609 analyst rotated out  ainsley gaddis 400250 summer intern returned to school ( last day the 11 th )  mandeep chahal 502876 now with the new power co .  james aimone 514849 summer intern returned to school ( last day the 11 th )  roman zadorozhny 501778 now with another co . in enron  please let me know if i need to do anything .  thanks !  shirley,0,employees listed research time site research group hello everyone sap timesheets time discovered several people listed cost center org unit research longer research group moved alexios kollaros new power co farouk lalji analyst rotated ainsley gaddis summer intern returned school last day th mandeep chahal new power co james aimone summer intern returned school last day th roman zadorozhny another co enron please let know need anything thanks shirley
"Subject: re : meeting tuesday  dale ,  your memory did not fail you .  we would like , however , to move the meeting to 2 p . m . tuesday .  i left you a voice message about it . please call me s soon as  possible to confirm .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 11 / 02 / 2000 07 : 41 : 40 pm  please respond to  to : "" vincent kaminski \ ( e - mail \ ) ""  cc :  subject : meeting tuesday  vince :  i was writing to confirm the meeting you wanted to set up with me , yourself ,  and mr . goodpasture for next tuesday . i believe it was set for 300 pm this  coming tuesday at your offices . ( i seem to have misplaced where i wrote the  specific time , so i wanted to be sure to reconfirm . ) please confirm if you  get a second so that i can finalize my travel schedule . you can email or  phone 650 . 218 . 3069 . thanks . i look forward to meeting with you again and  with mr . goodpasture .  dale nesbitt",0,meeting tuesday dale memory fail would like however move meeting p tuesday left voice message please call soon possible confirm vince dale nesbitt pm please respond vincent kaminski e mail cc subject meeting tuesday vince writing confirm meeting wanted set mr goodpasture next tuesday believe set pm coming tuesday offices seem misplaced wrote specific time wanted sure reconfirm please confirm get second finalize travel schedule email phone thanks look forward meeting mr goodpasture dale nesbitt
"Subject: re : re : conference volume  hi vince ,  i am resending you this request by dr . jacque for a paper . they are  expecting something by jan 22 . should we sit down and decide on what to put  in a short paper ( i think their limit was 30 pages , but that is impossible - -  i think a few pages should suffice ) .  regards , and happy new year ,  vasant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 01 / 06 / 2000  08 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  laurent jacque on 12 / 13 / 99 03 : 29 : 26 pm  please respond to ljacque @ infonet . tufts . edu  to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : re : conference volume  dear dr . shanboghe :  i certainly understand that it would be difficult for you to  contribute a chapter . i thought of an alternative : would dr . kaminski be  willing to allow us to reprint his article ( in an abridged form ) on "" energy  exotic options "" published in his excellent book "" managing energy price risk ""  as i would really like to have a contribution from enron on energy  derivatives . would you be willing to talk to dr . kaminski about my proposal ?  in any event i appreciate your interest in the conference and i only  regret that hurricane floyd prevented us from meeting in person .  with very best wishes in the new year / millenium  laurent jacque  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  laurent l . jacque  professor  international finance & banking  director  international business studies program  the fletcher school of law and diplomacy  tufts university  medford , ma 02155  ( 617 ) 627 - 5982 tel  ( 617 ) 627 - 3712 fax  ljacque @ infonet . tufts . edu",0,conference volume hi vince resending request dr jacque paper expecting something jan sit decide put short paper think limit pages impossible think pages suffice regards happy new year vasant forwarded vasant shanbhogue hou ect laurent jacque pm please respond ljacque infonet tufts edu vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc subject conference volume dear dr shanboghe certainly understand would difficult contribute chapter thought alternative would dr kaminski willing allow us reprint article abridged form energy exotic options published excellent book managing energy price risk would really like contribution enron energy derivatives would willing talk dr kaminski proposal event appreciate interest conference regret hurricane floyd prevented us meeting person best wishes new year millenium laurent jacque laurent l jacque professor international finance banking director international business studies program fletcher school law diplomacy tufts university medford tel fax ljacque infonet tufts edu
"Subject: newsletter , monday 23 oct .  vince ,  i see that you are flying around a lot this week , but i wanted to let you  know how it ' s going with the newsletter . i ' ve scheduled steve bigelow as the  "" person of the week . "" regarding technical corner , i sent you a copy of  maureen ' s article for your review . bob lee told me he has also sent you  something . i ' d appreciate your guidance on which one to use . i believe  maureen ' s is time - sensitive , so i ' d vote for that one if you ' ve had a chance  to look it over .  i ' m going to be out of town the rest of today and thursday - friday to attend  my uncle ' s funeral in illinois . if you fly over illinois , please wave ! : - )  have a safe trip ( s ) ,  sam",0,newsletter monday oct vince see flying around lot week wanted let know going newsletter scheduled steve bigelow person week regarding technical corner sent copy maureen article review bob lee told also sent something appreciate guidance one use believe maureen time sensitive vote one chance look going town rest today thursday friday attend uncle funeral illinois fly illinois please wave safe trip sam
"Subject: new eprm speakers  vince ,  thanks very much for your help  helen  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : helen evans  cc : stinson gibner  date : 10 december 1999 19 : 14  subject : re : new eprm speakers  helen ,  i forwarded your message to my associate stinson gibner  whom i can wholeheartedly recommend .  vince  "" helen evans "" on 12 / 06 / 99 10 : 29 : 39 am  please respond to "" helen evans ""  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : new eprm speakers  vince ,  i ' m currently looking to broaden eprm ' s speaker base and would like to  find a  speaker for a training course i am producing on the monte carlo  technique . i was  wondering if you might be able to recommend somebody new from enron who  might  like to speak on this subject . i ' d really appreciate any help you could  give me .  many thanks  helen evans  producer , eprm conferences & courses  - attl . htm",0,new eprm speakers vince thanks much help helen original message vince j kaminski helen evans cc stinson gibner date december subject new eprm speakers helen forwarded message associate stinson gibner wholeheartedly recommend vince helen evans please respond helen evans vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject new eprm speakers vince currently looking broaden eprm speaker base would like find speaker training course producing monte carlo technique wondering might able recommend somebody new enron might like speak subject really appreciate help could give many thanks helen evans producer eprm conferences courses attl htm
"Subject: luv our rolexes for the same fea - tures and lovvprices .  they are definitely the finest from rolexes , cartiers , bvlgaries ,  frankmullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaeger - lecoultre , brietilings ,  tagheuers and tudors . first of all , their overall lo 0 ks are perfect .  secondly , vievv their details . every small logo and serial number shown  speak for their elegance .  you will also flnd out how ccheap our lovely goodss are . you might even  vvant 2 or 3 vvatches for your collections . waterproof , stainlessteelbody ,  sapphire crystal surface and other lovely featuress bring you sheer feeling  for luxury .  our vvatches are reallydurable cause the manufacturers use the bestquality  substances like durable stainlesssteel and anti - scratching surface .  the vvatches sold at our cybersstore have energy - modules like  battery & quartz , anto - operating & winding , winding and non - winding ones .  the classics have hack mechanism with stainlesssteelback . we have them .  their when you promised to go . ""  "" no , i did not promise . i only smirked and bowed , and said the word  late confidences wer e really too wicked for their pea  ` bite your tongue ! ' said princess miaghkaia suddenly . ` karenina is a  splendid woman . i don ' t like her husband - but her i like very much . ' to  the window to recollect himself , and feel how he ought to behave .  ce of mind , some weath 1 erbeaten ragged old rooks ' - nests , 7 burdening  their hi gher branch",1,luv rolexes fea tures lovvprices definitely finest rolexes cartiers bvlgaries frankmullers harry winstons breguets jaeger lecoultre brietilings tagheuers tudors first overall lo ks perfect secondly vievv details every small logo serial number shown speak elegance also flnd ccheap lovely goodss might even vvant vvatches collections waterproof stainlessteelbody sapphire crystal surface lovely featuress bring sheer feeling luxury vvatches reallydurable cause manufacturers use bestquality substances like durable stainlesssteel anti scratching surface vvatches sold cybersstore energy modules like battery quartz anto operating winding winding non winding ones classics hack mechanism stainlesssteelback promised go promise smirked bowed said word late confidences wer e really wicked pea bite tongue said princess miaghkaia suddenly karenina splendid woman like husband like much window recollect feel ought behave ce mind weath erbeaten ragged old rooks nests burdening hi gher branch
"Subject: option visualization  vince and stinson ,  i did some reserach on the option visualization . here is one of the findings .  check this web site , the image looks impressive : http : / / home . online . no / ~ espehaug / virtualworld / virtualoptionworld . html  this is done through a free software livegraphics 3 d and mathematica .  take a look of the demo on the web site mentioned above to see if it is good enough for our purpose .  zimin  ps :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  what is livegraphics 3 d ?  livegraphics 3 d is a non - commercial java 1 . 1 applet to display and  rotate three - dimensional graphics produced by mathematica in  html pages . it may be used without charge for any  non - commercial purposes . mathematica is a program for symbolic  and numeric mathematics by wolfram research , inc . . wolfram  research is also responsible for licensing livegraphics 3 d for  commercial purposes .  livegraphics 3 d enables all mathematica users to put almost any  three - dimensional graphics computed by mathematica directly onto  a html page , such that everyone with a web browser supporting  java 1 . 1 ( e . g . communicator 4 . 0 or internet explorer 4 . 0 or higher )  can view and interactively rotate the graphics without any additional  software .  additionally livegraphics 3 d is able to show animations , calculate  stereo graphics , integrate hyperlinks , and display bitmap  backgrounds . ",0,option visualization vince stinson reserach option visualization one findings check web site image looks impressive http home online espehaug virtualworld virtualoptionworld html done free software livegraphics mathematica take look demo web site mentioned see good enough purpose zimin ps livegraphics livegraphics non commercial java applet display rotate three dimensional graphics produced mathematica html pages may used without charge non commercial purposes mathematica program symbolic numeric mathematics wolfram research inc wolfram research also responsible licensing livegraphics commercial purposes livegraphics enables mathematica users put almost three dimensional graphics computed mathematica directly onto html page everyone web browser supporting java e g communicator internet explorer higher view interactively rotate graphics without additional software additionally livegraphics able show animations calculate stereo graphics integrate hyperlinks display bitmap backgrounds
"Subject: account zzzz @ example . com  new account for : zzzz @ example . com  # #  # adult club #  # offers free membership #  # #  # 3 of the best adult sites #  # on the internet for absolutely free #  # #  > > > > you have instant access to all 3 sites now  > > > > user name : zzzz @ example . com  > > > > password : 1534  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  news 09 / 24 / 02  with just over 4 . 8 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 921 , 947 new  members . are you one of them yet ? ? ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  our membership faq  q . why are you offering free access to 3 adult membership sites for free ?  a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership .  q . is it true my membership is for life ?  a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do .  q . can i give my account to my friends and family ?  a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 .  q . do i have to sign up for all 3 membership sites ?  a . no just one to get access to all of them .  q . how do i get started ?  a . click on one of the following links below to become a member .  > > > > fill in the required info and they won ' t charge you for the free  membership !  > > > > if you don ' t believe us , just read their terms and conditions .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  # 3 . > lucky amateur wives  you won ' t believe what we take these wives into doing . . . free vip membership ! !  # 2 . > new ! just added today : cum drinkers  950 , 00 pics , 90 , 000 movies , live sex shows . . . free lifetime membership ! !  # 1 . > filthy teen sluts  the ultimate xxx teen site . . . free vip membership ! !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jennifer simpson , miami , fl  your free lifetime membership has entertained my boyffriend and i for the last two years ! your  adult sites are the best on the net !  joe morgan manhattan , ny  your live sex shows and live sex cams are unbelievable . the best part about your porn sites , is  that they ' re absolutely free !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  disclaimer :  we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special  mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any  special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent  3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you  do not wish to receive further mailings , please go to http : / / greenzer . com / remove . php to be removed  from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all  removal requests .  thank you zzzz @ example . com  oldhtlheuhcclco",1,account zzzz example com new account zzzz example com adult club offers free membership best adult sites internet absolutely free instant access sites user name zzzz example com password news million members signed free last month new members one yet membership faq q offering free access adult membership sites free advertisers pay ad space pay membership q true membership life absolutely never pay cent advertisers q give account friends family yes long age q sign membership sites one get access q get started click one following links become member fill required info charge free membership believe us read terms conditions lucky amateur wives believe take wives free vip membership new added today cum drinkers pics movies live sex shows free lifetime membership filthy teen sluts ultimate xxx teen site free vip membership jennifer simpson miami fl free lifetime membership entertained boyffriend last two years adult sites best net joe morgan manhattan ny live sex shows live sex cams unbelievable best part porn sites absolutely free disclaimer strongly sending unsolicited emails wish receive special mailings opted one affiliate sites requesting notified special offers may run time time also attained services independent rd party overlook list management removal services unsolicited email wish receive mailings please go http greenzer com remove php removed list please accept apologies sent email error honor removal requests thank zzzz example com oldhtlheuhcclco
"Subject: update - reimbursement of individually billed items  the use of cell phones and pagers has increased dramatically in the past few  years . as a result the accounts payable department has seen a rapid increase  in the number of invoices and vendors . with the higher volume , we have  reviewed our processes in order to continue our rapid payment cycle .  although we encourage vendors to address their invoices to individual  employees , they often mail invoices directly to accounts payable . at times  they fail to list the individual who uses the pager or cell phone . in these  cases we return the invoice to the vendor . if the employee is designated , we  try to track him / her down and forward the invoice . the high level of  employee movement among jobs and locations at enron has made this  increasingly challenging . either way , we end up doing something less  productive than paying invoices .  to maintain satisfactory response to our vendors and to reduce time necessary  for research , we request that employees who have pagers , cell phones , and  other individually billed items such as licenses , subscriptions , etc . , pay  for them by personal check or charge card ( if applicable  * payment instructions  are usually indicated on the invoice ) and request reimbursement through  employee expense reports .  by submitting these charges on your expense report , you can help us reduce  the amount of time spent researching and forwarding invoices , the number of  checks generated by treasury , the number of vendors in our database , and the  turnaround time for payment of invoices .  incidentally , accounts payable is currently installing a corporate - wide  web - based expense reporting system similar to what enron international has  used for the past year . this will make it even easier to file your expense  report and receive quick reimbursement .  we  , d like to make this effective immediately . if you have any questions or  suggestions , please contact the accounts payable department .",0,update reimbursement individually billed items use cell phones pagers increased dramatically past years result accounts payable department seen rapid increase number invoices vendors higher volume reviewed processes order continue rapid payment cycle although encourage vendors address invoices individual employees often mail invoices directly accounts payable times fail list individual uses pager cell phone cases return invoice vendor employee designated try track forward invoice high level employee movement among jobs locations enron made increasingly challenging either way end something less productive paying invoices maintain satisfactory response vendors reduce time necessary research request employees pagers cell phones individually billed items licenses subscriptions etc pay personal check charge card applicable payment instructions usually indicated invoice request reimbursement employee expense reports submitting charges expense report help us reduce amount time spent researching forwarding invoices number checks generated treasury number vendors database turnaround time payment invoices incidentally accounts payable currently installing corporate wide web based expense reporting system similar enron international used past year make even easier file expense report receive quick reimbursement like make effective immediately questions suggestions please contact accounts payable department
"Subject: re : a visit  dear mr . fujita :  thank you for you interest in enron . i shall be honored if you visit enron  and i shall invite other employees of the company to the meeting .  please , call my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 853 5290 ) to discuss the  exact time of your visit . she will be trying to reach you from our end .  the copy right for the book belongs to the risk magazine . i shall give you  the contact at the company  with whom you can discuss the japanese version issues .  sincerely ,  vince kaminski  masayuki fujita on 03 / 31 / 2000 08 : 36 : 00 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : eugenio perez  subject : a visit  professor vincent kaminski  vice president of research  enron corp .  dear professor kaminski  i , masayuki fujita was the only japanese attendee of the energy  derivatives seminar  in houston last december and a member of japanese consultation firm :  mitsubishi research  institute , inc . i would be very honored if you can meet with me 17 or 18  april after  attending energy trading summit in 12 th - 14 th . as you know , japanese  electricity trading is  on the way of deregulation beneficial to the consumers from a long stage of  the nine major  companies ' regional monopoly . we are giving a hand to help the ministry and  industry to  find the right course of them . i and my colleague yamada , who will attend risk  publications monte calro seminar in four seasons hotel , would like to visit  you and your  company for studying the sophisticated risk management at enron . in return ,  we may give  you the information about recent institutional progress and major electricity  companies  response in japan .  we are now personally translating your book "" managing energy price risk ""  second  edition and wondering if you have not given the right to publish in japanese  and nay give  us the chance to help you introduce modern technology to manage energy risk  in the  japanese energy industry .  i do not hope japanese english power prevent me to pass my sincerity to  you and i can  visit you soon .  best regards ,  masayuki fujita  principal financial engineer  financial technologies section  mitsubishi research institute , inc .  3 - 6 otemachi 2 - chome , chiyoda - ku  tokyo 100 - 8141  japan  tel + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0582  fax + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0521",0,visit dear mr fujita thank interest enron shall honored visit enron shall invite employees company meeting please call assistant shirley crenshaw discuss exact time visit trying reach end copy right book belongs risk magazine shall give contact company discuss japanese version issues sincerely vince kaminski masayuki fujita vkamins enron com cc eugenio perez subject visit professor vincent kaminski vice president research enron corp dear professor kaminski masayuki fujita japanese attendee energy derivatives seminar houston last december member japanese consultation firm mitsubishi research institute inc would honored meet april attending energy trading summit th th know japanese electricity trading way deregulation beneficial consumers long stage nine major companies regional monopoly giving hand help ministry industry find right course colleague yamada attend risk publications monte calro seminar four seasons hotel would like visit company studying sophisticated risk management enron return may give information recent institutional progress major electricity companies response japan personally translating book managing energy price risk second edition wondering given right publish japanese nay give us chance help introduce modern technology manage energy risk japanese energy industry hope japanese english power prevent pass sincerity visit soon best regards masayuki fujita principal financial engineer financial technologies section mitsubishi research institute inc otemachi chome chiyoda ku tokyo japan tel fax
"Subject: paypal account review r  dear valuedpaypalmember :  paypal  is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community of  buyers and sellers . to protect the security of your account , paypal employs  some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our anti - fraud  teams regularly screen the paypal system for unusual activity .  recently , our account review team identified some unusual activity in your  account . in accordance with paypal ' s user agreement and to ensure that your  account has not been compromised , access to your account was limited . your  account access will remain limited until this issue has been resolved . this  is a fraud prevention measure meant to ensure that your account is not  compromised .  in order to secure your account and quickly restore full access , we may  require some specific information from you for the following reason :  we would like to ensure that your account was not accessed by an  unauthorized third party . because protecting the security of your account  is our primary concern , we have limited access to sensitive paypal account  features . we understand that this may be an inconvenience but please  understand that this temporary limitation is for your protection .  case id number : pp - 040 - 187 - 541  we encourage you to log in and restore full access as soon as possible .  should access to your account remain limited for an extended period of  time , it may result in further limitations on the use of your account .  however , failure to restore your records will result in account suspension . please update your recordson or beforejuly  27 , 2005 . once you have updated your account records , yourpaypal session will not beinterrupted and will continue as normal .  to update your  paypal records click on the following link : https : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd = _ login - run  thank you for your prompt attention to this matter .  please understand that  this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your account . we  apologize for any inconvenience .  sincerely ,  paypal  account review department  paypal email id pp 522  accounts management as outlined in our user agreement ,  paypal willperiodically send you information about site changes and enhancements .  visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . http : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd = p / gen / ua / policy _ privacy - outside ",1,paypal account review r dear valuedpaypalmember paypal committed maintaining safe environment community buyers sellers protect security account paypal employs advanced security systems world anti fraud teams regularly screen paypal system unusual activity recently account review team identified unusual activity account accordance paypal user agreement ensure account compromised access account limited account access remain limited issue resolved fraud prevention measure meant ensure account compromised order secure account quickly restore full access may require specific information following reason would like ensure account accessed unauthorized third party protecting security account primary concern limited access sensitive paypal account features understand may inconvenience please understand temporary limitation protection case id number pp encourage log restore full access soon possible access account remain limited extended period time may result limitations use account however failure restore records result account suspension please update recordson beforejuly updated account records yourpaypal session beinterrupted continue normal update paypal records click following link https www paypal com cgi bin webscr cmd login run thank prompt attention matter please understand security measure meant help protect account apologize inconvenience sincerely paypal account review department paypal email id pp accounts management outlined user agreement paypal willperiodically send information site changes enhancements visit privacy policy user agreement questions http www paypal com cgi bin webscr cmd p gen ua policy privacy outside
"Subject: re : hi vince  hi jeff ,  no problem . as soon as we have an agreement in place ,  i shall start working with you .  vince  "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ "" on 01 / 10 / 2001 12 : 59 : 36 pm  please respond to "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ ""  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : hi vince  hi vince .  here is my contact info :  jeff wesley  949 813 2241  jjw @ ziplip . com  jjw @ lokmail . net  i work with mri usa  and robertwalters uk  i also underwrite my own deals .  example of current accounts :  painewebber  merrill lynch  crowell weedon  current companies i work with include :  conedison energy  smud ( sacramento energy )  calpine energy  morgan stanley dean whitter  job orders sent :  chicago mercantile exchange  alcoa  cournerstone energy  i hope this makes it through the firewall !  my partner in london at robertwalters sent me a guy for you to browse . . . i ' ll  pop him over later .  thanks vince !  jeff  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *",0,hi vince hi jeff problem soon agreement place shall start working vince pm please respond vince j kaminski enron com cc subject hi vince hi vince contact info jeff wesley jjw ziplip com jjw lokmail net work mri usa robertwalters uk also underwrite deals example current accounts painewebber merrill lynch crowell weedon current companies work include conedison energy smud sacramento energy calpine energy morgan stanley dean whitter job orders sent chicago mercantile exchange alcoa cournerstone energy hope makes firewall partner london robertwalters sent guy browse pop later thanks vince jeff get free secure online email http www ziplip com
"Subject: [ ilug ] ilug - admin , enhance your bust amazing breast enhancing capsules  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  guaranteed to increase , lift and firm your  breasts in 60 days or your money back ! !  100 % herbal and natural . proven formula since  1996 . increase your bust by 1 to 3 sizes within 30 - 60  days and be all natural .  click here :  http : / / 64 . 123 . 160 . 91 : 81 / li / wangxd /  http : / / 202 . 101 . 163 . 34 : 81 / li / wangxd /  absolutely no side effects !  be more self confident !  be more comfortable in bed !  no more need for a lift or support bra !  100 % guaranteed and from a name you know and  trust !  you are receiving this email as a double opt - in  subscriber to the standard affiliates mailing  list .  to remove yourself from all related email lists ,  just click here :  - -  irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug ilug admin enhance bust amazing breast enhancing capsules guaranteed increase lift firm breasts days money back herbal natural proven formula since increase bust sizes within days natural click http li wangxd http li wangxd absolutely side effects self confident comfortable bed need lift support bra guaranteed name know trust receiving email double opt subscriber standard affiliates mailing list remove related email lists click irish linux users group ilug linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo ilug un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: re : ibuyit user set up  diane :  we have had quite a few problems with this ibuyit procedure . i have submitted several invoices for payment since may lst and  have reveived none of them back for coding and approval . i am afraid the vendors are going to be coming after us !  we also have had approval problems . i submitted a hardware request and it went to every manager in our group . i think we  have finally gotten that straightened out for the present .  the requestors and coders would be :  shirley crenshaw  anita dupont  kevin moore  the only approved for our group is vince j . kaminski ( co 0413 - cc 107043 )  if you need anything else , please let me know .  shirley  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : fellers , diane r .  sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 4 : 56 pm  to : kaminski , vince j .  cc : crenshaw , shirley  subject : fw : ibuyit user set up  vince ,  per the request below , i need a list of people you would like to serve as approvers and requestors for the research group for the ibuyit program . of course , they want this as soon as possible . please let me know who you would like to include .  thanks ,  diane  x 5 - 7996  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vandor , david  sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 4 : 18 pm  to : fellers , diane r . ; guilliams , lisa ; heath , holly ; nguyen , vivian  cc : leschber , edie  subject : fw : ibuyit user set up  could you please gather this info for all your support departments ?  in case you don ' t know , ibuyit is the web site where employees can purchase , code , and approve invoices for items online .  thanks ,  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : day , misti  sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 3 : 43 pm  to : becton , pam ; brown , sarah ; cameron , marlene ; carter , carol ; coffey jr . , jim ; davis , angelic ; dawson , brian ; east , laynie ; fredericks , kristi ; hanslip , david ; hardy , stacy ; hardy , trey ; harris , paula ; helton , susan ; killen , faith ; lamb , marnie ; leschber , edie ; long , lindsay ; mayeux , cassandra ; orsak , susie ; patterson , grant ; pierce , jody ; schwertner , brian ; vandor , david ; vargas , hope ; vu , nancy h . ; washington , deanna ; wolfe , stephen  subject : ibuyit user set up  the ibuyit team is trying to get a complete list of approvers and requestors for this program .  for each of your teams , please send me the following :  names of approvers ( team head , cc owner , etc . )  names of requestors ( admins , anyone who would be ordering )  cost center  the ibuyit team wants to keep the number of requestors and approvers limited , but each team will need more than one approver . every requestor will have a pre - approved limit for each transaction . approvers will be required to go into the system and approve all transactions that exceed that limit in order for the transaction to be completed .  unfortunately , we need this information as soon as possible ( monday afternoon at the latest ) !  please feel free to call me with any questions .  thanks ,  misti  x 39525",0,ibuyit user set diane quite problems ibuyit procedure submitted several invoices payment since may lst reveived none back coding approval afraid vendors going coming us also approval problems submitted hardware request went every manager group think finally gotten straightened present requestors coders would shirley crenshaw anita dupont kevin moore approved group vince j kaminski co cc need anything else please let know shirley original message fellers diane r sent thursday may pm kaminski vince j cc crenshaw shirley subject fw ibuyit user set vince per request need list people would like serve approvers requestors research group ibuyit program course want soon possible please let know would like include thanks diane x original message vandor david sent thursday may pm fellers diane r guilliams lisa heath holly nguyen vivian cc leschber edie subject fw ibuyit user set could please gather info support departments case know ibuyit web site employees purchase code approve invoices items online thanks david original message day misti sent thursday may pm becton pam brown sarah cameron marlene carter carol coffey jr jim davis angelic dawson brian east laynie fredericks kristi hanslip david hardy stacy hardy trey harris paula helton susan killen faith lamb marnie leschber edie long lindsay mayeux cassandra orsak susie patterson grant pierce jody schwertner brian vandor david vargas hope vu nancy h washington deanna wolfe stephen subject ibuyit user set ibuyit team trying get complete list approvers requestors program teams please send following names approvers team head cc owner etc names requestors admins anyone would ordering cost center ibuyit team wants keep number requestors approvers limited team need one approver every requestor pre approved limit transaction approvers required go system approve transactions exceed limit order transaction completed unfortunately need information soon possible monday afternoon latest please feel free call questions thanks misti x
"Subject: afforable health care  men ' s health :  viagra , cialis , levitra  anti - depressants : ativan , paxil , prozac , zoloftpain relief : soma ,  ultramweight loss : meridia , phentermine  viagra - $ 2 . 0 / pillsoma -  $ 1 . 4 / pillcialis -  $ 4 . 2 / pillvalium - $ 3 . 0 / pillxanax  - $ 2 . 3 / pillambien -  $ 2 . 7 / pillultram -  $ 1 . 2 / pillativan - $ 2 . 0 / pilllevitra -  $ 4 . 2 / pill  if  you compare the cost and services of our competitors , you will see that we  give you much more . . . for less . our commitment to quality service and  customer satisfaction not only makes our site the best  choice but the smart  choice .  the facts : our site has lower prices and more services  than its competitors for three consecutive years ! our prices are between 43 . 43  and 58 . 8 % ( an average of 66 . 32 % ) less than the market average .  visit us http : / / ioaxint . enjoydays . info / ? 6 c 2 ae 3 afaoaf 7 bdol 9325599 cf 9 zbb 83 / ",1,afforable health care men health viagra cialis levitra anti depressants ativan paxil prozac zoloftpain relief soma ultramweight loss meridia phentermine viagra pillsoma pillcialis pillvalium pillxanax pillambien pillultram pillativan pilllevitra pill compare cost services competitors see give much less commitment quality service customer satisfaction makes site best choice smart choice facts site lower prices services competitors three consecutive years prices average less market average visit us http ioaxint enjoydays info c ae afaoaf bdol cf zbb
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want .  cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra  - the effect lasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country !  get it right now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactiy want cialis lot advantages viagra effect lasts hours ready start within minutes mix aicohol ship country get right
Subject: re : site license for power world  i concur .,0,site license power world concur
"Subject: hi  hi shirley & vince :  happy new year ! i am in our bombay offices for a couple of days , so am able  to contact you . for some reason , the modem dialup from my computer hasn ' t  been working . hope everything is going well in houston . anitha & i have good  news . we are having our second baby . it was confirmed after we came to india .  shirley , i have a favor to ask you on this matter . can you make an  appointment for anitha with her doctor ? the details are as follows :  dr . dolar patolia  tel : 713 - 756 - 5500  name : anitha kakani  dates : jan 29 th or 31 st .  times : in order of preferance , after 3 pm , 12 - 3 pm , 10 am - 12 noon .  reason : pregnant with due date of aug 8 th . needs a full checkup .  anitha is having severe nausea , so she is taking rest most of the time .  pallavi and i are enjoing our vacation thoroughly .  thanks and best wishes ,  krishna .  ph . 011 - 91 - 40 - 7114833  ps : please count jan 16 th & 17 th as working days for me .",0,hi hi shirley vince happy new year bombay offices couple days able contact reason modem dialup computer working hope everything going well houston anitha good news second baby confirmed came india shirley favor ask matter make appointment anitha doctor details follows dr dolar patolia tel name anitha kakani dates jan th st times order preferance pm pm noon reason pregnant due date aug th needs full checkup anitha severe nausea taking rest time pallavi enjoing vacation thoroughly thanks best wishes krishna ph ps please count jan th th working days
"Subject: nytimes . com article : the real wolf  this article from nytimes . com  has been sent to you by vkaminski @ aol . com .  / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - advertisement - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \  looking for better it solutions ?  toshiba is uniting digital , mobile and network innovations  in a bold new vision of information technology for today  and tomorrow . take a closer look at life in the new digital age .  and imagine how good it can be . visit toshiba . com for more details .  the real wolf  reckonings  by paul krugman  ecently i received a letter from an economist i respect , chiding me  for my "" naderite "" columns on the california energy crisis . he just  didn ' t believe that market manipulation by power companies could  possibly be an important issue ; it sounded too much to him like the  sort of thing one hears from knee - jerk leftists , who blame greedy  capitalists for every problem , be it third - world poverty or high  apartment rents . the left has cried "" wolf ! "" so many times that  sensible people have learned to discount such claims .  but now a bona fide wolf has arrived , whose predatory behavior is  doing terrible damage to our most populous state  * and nobody will  believe it .  true , california would be heading for a summer of power shortages  even if it had never deregulated . and even if there was workable  competition in the wholesale electricity market , prices in that  market would spike during periods of peak demand , transferring  billions of dollars from either taxpayers or consumers to the  generators .  but the evidence is now overwhelming that there isn ' t workable  competition in california ' s power market , and that the actions of  generators "" gaming the system "" have greatly magnified the crisis .  the key fact is that california has somehow remained in a state of  more or less continuous power shortage and very high wholesale  prices regardless of the level of demand . a rash of outages has  kept the electricity market conveniently  * and very profitably  *  short of supply even during periods of low demand , when there ought  to be lots of excess capacity .  as frank wolak , the stanford economist who also advises the  state ' s power grid , has pointed out , an outage at a power plant is  a lot like an employee calling in sick . you can ' t tell directly  whether he is really sick or has chosen to take the day off for  other reasons , but you can look for circumstantial evidence . and  such evidence has convinced mr . wolak that "" generators use forced  outages strategically to withhold capacity from the market ""  * a  view shared by a growing number of other researchers .  which brings us to the latest move by the federal energy  regulatory commission . on wednesday , the commission apparently  decided to offer california some relief , and put new price caps in  place on the california electricity market . i say "" apparently ""  because the more you look at the plan the less likely it seems to  be any help at all . indeed , the measure was passed on a 2 - to - 1  vote , with william massey  * the one commissioner who has been  sympathetic to calls for price controls  * voting against it on the  grounds that it would be ineffectual .  what ' s wrong with ferc ' s plan ? first , it caps prices only in  emergency conditions  * ignoring the fact that electricity prices  have stayed at hard - to - explain levels even when there is no  emergency . in effect , the plan is laid out as if the electricity  market were really competitive , in spite of all the evidence that  it is not .  second , even those emergency price caps are full of loopholes ,  offering extensive opportunities for what mr . wolak calls "" megawatt  laundering ""  * selling power to affiliated companies that for one  reason or another are exempted from the price controls ( for  example , the controls do not apply to "" imports "" from neighboring  states ) , then selling it back into the california market . severin  borenstein of the university of california energy institute adds  that because the allowed price depends on the cost of generation at  the least efficient plant , generators will have a clear incentive  to produce inefficiently : "" i predict we will find some plants we  never heard of before that are suddenly operating again , and they  will be pretty inefficient . ""  the general verdict seems to be that this is not a serious plan .  there are serious proposals to mitigate the crisis out there  *  indeed , last fall mr . wolak submitted a proposal that was well  received by other experts  * but ferc has ignored all of them .  the charitable interpretation is that ferc still doesn ' t get it ,  that it just can ' t bring itself to believe that this time the wolf  is real . the uncharitable interpretation is that last week ' s action  was meant to fail . the medley report , an online newsletter , calls  the ferc plan "" a grand exercise in posturing without substance . .  . a very clever temporary move by the bush administration to  deflect any political fallout "" from the looming disaster .  whatever the explanation , the plain fact is that ferc and the  administration have yet to offer california any significant  relief .  00 fo 04 b 3 blabf  visit nytimes . com for complete access to the  most authoritative news coverage on the web ,  updated throughout the day .  become a member today ! it ' s free !  http : / / www . nytimes . com ? eta  how to advertise  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  for information on advertising in e - mail newsletters  or other creative advertising opportunities with the  new york times on the web , please contact alyson  racer at alyson @ nytimes . com or visit our online media  kit at http : / / www . nytimes . com / adinfo  for general information about nytimes . com , write to  help @ nytimes . com .  copyright 2001 the new york times company",0,nytimes com article real wolf article nytimes com sent vkaminski aol com advertisement looking better solutions toshiba uniting digital mobile network innovations bold new vision information technology today tomorrow take closer look life new digital age imagine good visit toshiba com details real wolf reckonings paul krugman ecently received letter economist respect chiding naderite columns california energy crisis believe market manipulation power companies could possibly important issue sounded much like sort thing one hears knee jerk leftists blame greedy capitalists every problem third world poverty high apartment rents left cried wolf many times sensible people learned discount claims bona fide wolf arrived whose predatory behavior terrible damage populous state nobody believe true california would heading summer power shortages even never deregulated even workable competition wholesale electricity market prices market would spike periods peak demand transferring billions dollars either taxpayers consumers generators evidence overwhelming workable competition california power market actions generators gaming system greatly magnified crisis key fact california somehow remained state less continuous power shortage high wholesale prices regardless level demand rash outages kept electricity market conveniently profitably short supply even periods low demand ought lots excess capacity frank wolak stanford economist also advises state power grid pointed outage power plant lot like employee calling sick tell directly whether really sick chosen take day reasons look circumstantial evidence evidence convinced mr wolak generators use forced outages strategically withhold capacity market view shared growing number researchers brings us latest move federal energy regulatory commission wednesday commission apparently decided offer california relief put new price caps place california electricity market say apparently look plan less likely seems help indeed measure passed vote william massey one commissioner sympathetic calls price controls voting grounds would ineffectual wrong ferc plan first caps prices emergency conditions ignoring fact electricity prices stayed hard explain levels even emergency effect plan laid electricity market really competitive spite evidence second even emergency price caps full loopholes offering extensive opportunities mr wolak calls megawatt laundering selling power affiliated companies one reason another exempted price controls example controls apply imports neighboring states selling back california market severin borenstein university california energy institute adds allowed price depends cost generation least efficient plant generators clear incentive produce inefficiently predict find plants never heard suddenly operating pretty inefficient general verdict seems serious plan serious proposals mitigate crisis indeed last fall mr wolak submitted proposal well received experts ferc ignored charitable interpretation ferc still get bring believe time wolf real uncharitable interpretation last week action meant fail medley report online newsletter calls ferc plan grand exercise posturing without substance clever temporary move bush administration deflect political fallout looming disaster whatever explanation plain fact ferc administration yet offer california significant relief fo b blabf visit nytimes com complete access authoritative news coverage web updated throughout day become member today free http www nytimes com eta advertise information advertising e mail newsletters creative advertising opportunities new york times web please contact alyson racer alyson nytimes com visit online media kit http www nytimes com adinfo general information nytimes com write help nytimes com copyright new york times company
"Subject: alliance ferc alert - regional market reports  attached for your information are :  1 . the ferc orders regarding the meeting to be held thursday , november 9 .  2 . annoucement of a hearing in san diego on november 14 .  3 . ferc report on bulk power markets in the southeast region  4 . ferc report on bulk power markets in the midwest region  5 . ferc report on bulk power markets in northeast region  these files will also be made available on the alliance of energy suppliers  web site - http : / / www . eei . org / alliance  should you have any questions concerning these reports , contact jack cashin  at 202 - 508 - 5499 , or jcashin @ eei . org  nancy tarr  manager , business development  ntarr @ eei . org  - ferc 11 - 14 hearing . pdf  - nov 9 panels . pdf  - ferc . southeast . pdf  - fercmidwest . pdf  - fercnortheast . pdf",0,alliance ferc alert regional market reports attached information ferc orders regarding meeting held thursday november annoucement hearing san diego november ferc report bulk power markets southeast region ferc report bulk power markets midwest region ferc report bulk power markets northeast region files also made available alliance energy suppliers web site http www eei org alliance questions concerning reports contact jack cashin jcashin eei org nancy tarr manager business development ntarr eei org ferc hearing pdf nov panels pdf ferc southeast pdf fercmidwest pdf fercnortheast pdf
"Subject: the installation of the equipment you ordered is completed  - - - automatic notification system ( request # : ecth - 4 r 5 mlm )  requested for : vince j kaminski  requested by : shirley crenshaw  the installation of the equipment ( see below ) has been completed .  en 6600 desktop p 3 - 600 10 gb 64 mb 32 x nt 4 . 0  en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop  21 "" vl 100 monitor",0,installation equipment ordered completed automatic notification system request ecth r mlm requested vince j kaminski requested shirley crenshaw installation equipment see completed en desktop p gb mb x nt en mb installed desktop vl monitor
"Subject: latest draft  vince ,  i have added a lot of material to "" fill in the wholes "" and would like your  reaction to the current draft . i am still not very happy with the risk  management segment ( primarily as a result of my own lack of knowledge ) so  please read it carefully and get me your comments .  i plan to let don chew ( the editor ) take a look at it to give us his  guidance toward a successful draft .  hope you are having a great day and tremendous start to the new year .  your friend  john  p . s . i really enjoyed your papers . those should definitely be part of a  class on risk management .  - enron _ paper _ 1 _ 11 _ 01 . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,latest draft vince added lot material fill wholes would like reaction current draft still happy risk management segment primarily result lack knowledge please read carefully get comments plan let chew editor take look give us guidance toward successful draft hope great day tremendous start new year friend john p really enjoyed papers definitely part class risk management enron paper doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: telephone interview with the enron research group  good morning ms . knirel :  vince kaminski and several members of the research group would like  to conduct a telephone interview with you sometime this week at your  convenience . please let me know the times that you are available and  they will contact you .  the telephone interviews usually last approximately 1 hour and will be  conducted via a speaker phone .  the interviewers will be :  vince kaminski managing director and head of research  stinson gibner vice president , research  tanya tamarchenko director , research  zimin lu director , research  look forward to hearing from you .  best regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group",0,telephone interview enron research group good morning ms knirel vince kaminski several members research group would like conduct telephone interview sometime week convenience please let know times available contact telephone interviews usually last approximately hour conducted via speaker phone interviewers vince kaminski managing director head research stinson gibner vice president research tanya tamarchenko director research zimin lu director research look forward hearing best regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group
"Subject: ever have a sm 4 ll spock take off ?  cd trading cards ( cdtd )  current price : 0 . 15  is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactly what this company does .  breaking news ! !  cdtc announced that they have rebranded as nex 2 u  cdtc inc . , the premier provider of multimedia catalogs , revealed its new brand today as nex 2 u ( tm ) ( cdtd ) . the decision to create the new brand was to help reveal the unique and fresh perspective demonstrated through nex 2 u ' s multimedia product offerings .  the nex 2 u branding and marketing strategy was created by how studios of topanga , ca . nex 2 u ' s business philosophy is about forming cooperative relationships and partnering with companies to help them achieve their business objectives through the use of electronic media . this philosophy molded the new image of nex 2 u - your multimedia catalog partner .  branding experts at how studios of topanga , ca designed the new artwork for the logo , print materials , and a new trade show booth and marketing strategy that was unveiled thiss w e e k at the 22 nd annual catalog conference at the gaylord palms in kissimmee , fl . howard lim and his creative team at how studios did an outstanding job in designing a new look for cdtc in the catalog marketplace .  june 28 - nex 2 u ( tm ) ( cdtd ) receiveed rave reviews for its flagship product sales transactional media ( stm ( tm ) ) at the 22 nd annual catalog conference , held in kissimmee , florida .  with its stm technology , nex 2 u dominated the catalog industry with its high return and cost effective multi - channel solutions consisting of cd / dvd ' s , integrated website development , print - ready pdf , and point of sale kiosks . stm allows companies to offer a seamless online / offline shopping and branding experience for the catalog and internet - weary consumer .  the results of several international studies performed for the conference concluded that more and more companies are searching for multimedia alternatives to the historically expensive direct - mail catalogs . rising postage and paper costs for 2006 are causing large - scale catalogers to rethink their marketing initiatives opening up the opportunity for nex 2 u ( tm ) to position itself to lead the industry by introducing both b 2 b and b 2 c digital catalog environments .  "" this event provided us more customer prospects and business relationship opportunities than we ever expected , "" said doug calaway , ceo of nex 2 u . "" it generated hundreds of sales leads in the us . we are now in discussions with three european marketing companies to distribute our products . the event reinforced the value that our products bring to the industry . ""  about how studios  as founder and president of how studios , howard lim empowers clients to realize success through authentic brands ( tm ) . howard lim leads a team of professionals that communicates the powerful visions of america ' s top companies . how studio clients are an impressive | ist for instance : apple computer , disney theatrical productions ( lion king and aida ) , dreamworks , upn network , cartoon channel , hanna barbera , magic johnson summer pro league , paramount pictures , tempus expeditions ( virtual reality theme park ) , time warner interactive , fujitsu , honda , philips media , gilda marx inc . ( stars of tomorrow ) and toshiba . he exceeded the expectations of every client .  about cdtc ( now nex 2 u , inc . )  nex 2 u is now the premier provider of multimedia catalogs in the industry . through new stm technology , nex 2 u takes existing content from currently used print catalogs and transforms them into highly interactive , highly profitable di rect mai | pieces known as sales transactional media . this technology not only increases sales and decreases costs , but conveys an impressive branding experience to the customer through a unique use of media .  conclusion :  the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is cdtd poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch  this one trade wednesday ! go cdtd .  penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and  advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , send a blank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to  monomial is not apartheid reverberate but cadent prosper a verona wilson , schlesinger , rufus and hemorrhoid .  spinster may gasohol carpet . bedazzle , rufus flaunt . caveat is antaeus abscissa discriminatory but dropout ,  avert eventuate magenta not topologize ex - accompanist aliphatic . cayley , temerity and benedikt .",1,ever sm spock take cd trading cards cdtd current price undiscovered gem positioned go higher review exactly company breaking news cdtc announced rebranded nex u cdtc inc premier provider multimedia catalogs revealed new brand today nex u tm cdtd decision create new brand help reveal unique fresh perspective demonstrated nex u multimedia product offerings nex u branding marketing strategy created studios topanga ca nex u business philosophy forming cooperative relationships partnering companies help achieve business objectives use electronic media philosophy molded new image nex u multimedia catalog partner branding experts studios topanga ca designed new artwork logo print materials new trade show booth marketing strategy unveiled thiss w e e k nd annual catalog conference gaylord palms kissimmee fl howard lim creative team studios outstanding job designing new look cdtc catalog marketplace june nex u tm cdtd receiveed rave reviews flagship product sales transactional media stm tm nd annual catalog conference held kissimmee florida stm technology nex u dominated catalog industry high return cost effective multi channel solutions consisting cd dvd integrated website development print ready pdf point sale kiosks stm allows companies offer seamless online offline shopping branding experience catalog internet weary consumer results several international studies performed conference concluded companies searching multimedia alternatives historically expensive direct mail catalogs rising postage paper costs causing large scale catalogers rethink marketing initiatives opening opportunity nex u tm position lead industry introducing b b b c digital catalog environments event provided us customer prospects business relationship opportunities ever expected said doug calaway ceo nex u generated hundreds sales leads us discussions three european marketing companies distribute products event reinforced value products bring industry studios founder president studios howard lim empowers clients realize success authentic brands tm howard lim leads team professionals communicates powerful visions america top companies studio clients impressive ist instance apple computer disney theatrical productions lion king aida dreamworks upn network cartoon channel hanna barbera magic johnson summer pro league paramount pictures tempus expeditions virtual reality theme park time warner interactive fujitsu honda philips media gilda marx inc stars tomorrow toshiba exceeded expectations every client cdtc nex u inc nex u premier provider multimedia catalogs industry new stm technology nex u takes existing content currently used print catalogs transforms highly interactive highly profitable di rect mai pieces known sales transactional media technology increases sales decreases costs conveys impressive branding experience customer unique use media conclusion examples show awesome earning potential little known companies explode onto investor radar screens many already familiar cdtd poised positioned may feel time come act please watch one trade wednesday go cdtd penny stocks considered highly speculative may unsuitable aggressive investors profile way affiliated featured company compensated dollars distribute report report entertainment advertising purposes used investment advice wish stop future mailings feel wrongfully placed membership send blank e mail thanks sub ject monomial apartheid reverberate cadent prosper verona wilson schlesinger rufus hemorrhoid spinster may gasohol carpet bedazzle rufus flaunt caveat antaeus abscissa discriminatory dropout avert eventuate magenta topologize ex accompanist aliphatic cayley temerity benedikt
"Subject: re : uc - berkeley graduate student  molly ,  i would like to invite this student for an interview ,  sometimes in late december when things slow down .  interviews with all my direct reports and george hopley .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  09 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 07 pm  to : rajnish kamat @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : uc - berkeley graduate student  rajnish ,  we shall invite you for an interview in houston .  vince  rajnish kamat on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 55 : 31 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : uc - berkeley graduate student  dr . vincent kaminski  managing director and head of research  enron corp .  dear dr . kaminski ,  it was a pleasure talking with you and attending your talk today .  i am a graduate student in industrial engg . and operations  research working with prof . shmuel oren  on topics in financial instrument pricing and design of  contracts in deregulated electricity markets . i am also  doing research in auction models and computable equilibrium  models with applications in electricity market design .  i am planning to graduate with a ph . d . in may 2001 and would  appreciate hearing about any opportunities in your group at enron .  i am attaching at copy of my resume ( file : cvrkamat . doc ) for your perusal .  thanking you ,  sincerely ,  rajnish kamat  graduate student  ieor , uc - berkeley  4135 , etcheverry hall  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  university of california at berkeley  berkeley , ca , 94710  - cvrkamat . doc",0,uc berkeley graduate student molly would like invite student interview sometimes late december things slow interviews direct reports george hopley vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vince j kaminski pm rajnish kamat enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject uc berkeley graduate student rajnish shall invite interview houston vince rajnish kamat pm vkamins enron com cc subject uc berkeley graduate student dr vincent kaminski managing director head research enron corp dear dr kaminski pleasure talking attending talk today graduate student industrial engg operations research working prof shmuel oren topics financial instrument pricing design contracts deregulated electricity markets also research auction models computable equilibrium models applications electricity market design planning graduate ph may would appreciate hearing opportunities group enron attaching copy resume file cvrkamat doc perusal thanking sincerely rajnish kamat graduate student ieor uc berkeley etcheverry hall dept industrial engineering operations research university california berkeley berkeley ca cvrkamat doc
"Subject: re : var for 1 . 5 years for frozen portfolio  vince , i sent it to you yesterday , sending again , let me know if you don ' t  get it .  tanya .  tanya tamarchenko  06 / 20 / 2000 02 : 15 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : backtesting : using historical vols versus implied",0,var years frozen portfolio vince sent yesterday sending let know get tanya tanya tamarchenko pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject backtesting using historical vols versus implied
"Subject: p . c .  what do i need to do in order to get this  p . c . early a . m .  please let me know .  thanks  kevin moore  very important  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 99 06 : 30  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 20 / 99 11 : 28 am  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : p . c .  we spoke about the p . c . for trisha tlapek .  location eb 3132 b .  co . # 0011  r . c . 100038  thanks  kevin moore  x 34710",0,p c need order get p c early please let know thanks kevin moore important forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore lyn malina hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject p c spoke p c trisha tlapek location eb b co r c thanks kevin moore x
"Subject: vince kaminski ' s "" bio "" and requirements for the siam invitation  hello professor fitzgibbon :  attached please find a "" bio "" for vince kaminski . he will require an lcd  projector for his presentation .  if you need anything else , please let me know .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2001  03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 11 / 2001 02 : 17 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : siam invitation  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001  02 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" william fitzgibbon "" on 03 / 13 / 2001 02 : 45 : 57 pm  to :  cc :  subject : siam invitation  dear dr . kaminski  here is an email invitation for teh siam event . a hard copy will follow  dr . v . kaminski  enron  p . o . box 1188  houston , texas 77251 - 1188  dear dr . kaminski  march 12 , 2001  i am writing to formalize your invitation to attend , participate , and speak  in the siam southwest regional mathematics in industry workshop . a time  span of thirty minutes is being allotted to invited talks with an additional  ten minutes or so for discussion . the workshop , funded under the auspices  of a national science foundation grant to siam will not be a standard  applied mathematics event with representatives from industry , academe , and  governmental agencies presenting their latest research results . instead the  meeting will emphasize the mathematics and technology currently applied to  the projects of industry and governmental laboratories . additionally the  event will focus upon the mechanisms facilitating interaction and  collaboration between the academy , industry , and government laboratories .  the workshop will be held at the university of houston hilton hotel , april  27 - 28 . funds will be available to support both travel expenses and the cost  of food and lodging of invited speakers . we will be happy to make travel  arrangements on this end if so desired .  we hope that you can accept our invitation . if this is the case please  furnish us with a title , a short abstract , and a list of the necessary  equipment for your presentation .  we look forward to seeing you at the university of houston .  sincerely  w . fitzgibbon",0,vince kaminski bio requirements siam invitation hello professor fitzgibbon attached please find bio vince kaminski require lcd projector presentation need anything else please let know regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject siam invitation fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm william fitzgibbon pm cc subject siam invitation dear dr kaminski email invitation teh siam event hard copy follow dr v kaminski enron p box houston texas dear dr kaminski march writing formalize invitation attend participate speak siam southwest regional mathematics industry workshop time span thirty minutes allotted invited talks additional ten minutes discussion workshop funded auspices national science foundation grant siam standard applied mathematics event representatives industry academe governmental agencies presenting latest research results instead meeting emphasize mathematics technology currently applied projects industry governmental laboratories additionally event focus upon mechanisms facilitating interaction collaboration academy industry government laboratories workshop held university houston hilton hotel april funds available support travel expenses cost food lodging invited speakers happy make travel arrangements end desired hope accept invitation case please furnish us title short abstract list necessary equipment presentation look forward seeing university houston sincerely w fitzgibbon
"Subject: petition for summer internship  vince :  as we discussed earlier , i attached the copy of the petition for my summer  internship with enron analyst and associate group .  i also have the hard copy of the letter , which i will deliver to you  presonally .  i am looking forward to , finally , become an official enron employee . thank  you very much for your valuable contributions to  my experience with the company .  jason sokolov",0,petition summer internship vince discussed earlier attached copy petition summer internship enron analyst associate group also hard copy letter deliver presonally looking forward finally become official enron employee thank much valuable contributions experience company jason sokolov
"Subject: information you requested from economic capital iconference  thank you for requesting information about our products during the registration  for the recent erisk iconference on economic capital .  please click on the link below to read an overview of our offerings in the  areas of analytics , consulting , and risk transfer :  note : if you can ' t open this pdf , you need to upgrade to the new version of adobe acrobat reader at  additional materials :  read a case study about implementation of our erisk analytics at cobank :  read a case study about implementation of p & c raroc at the st . paul companies :  if you would like to speak directly with an erisk representative ,  please contact angela isaac at aisaac @ erisk . com regarding consulting  and risk transfer projects and murray nash at mnash @ erisk . com to learn  more about our erisk analytics product .  regards ,  erisk client services  this is a one - time mailing only . to subscribe to our regular email  newsletter , please register at  if you received this mailing in error , please email info @ erisk . com with  "" unsubscribe "" in the subject line .",0,information requested economic capital iconference thank requesting information products registration recent erisk iconference economic capital please click link read overview offerings areas analytics consulting risk transfer note open pdf need upgrade new version adobe acrobat reader additional materials read case study implementation erisk analytics cobank read case study implementation p c raroc st paul companies would like speak directly erisk representative please contact angela isaac aisaac erisk com regarding consulting risk transfer projects murray nash mnash erisk com learn erisk analytics product regards erisk client services one time mailing subscribe regular email newsletter please register received mailing error please email info erisk com unsubscribe subject line
"Subject: re : turkey  the group to whom this message was sent is rac in london , related to london ' s focus on enron ' s equity interest in opet ( $ 18 million exposure ) .  gwyn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 59 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gwyn koepke  04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 58 pm  to : suryan wirya simunovic / lon / ect @ ect  cc : gkoepke @ enron . com @ ect , jolyon manning / eu / enron @ enron , padmesh thuraisingham / lon / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / lon / ect @ ect , mitra mujica / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : turkey  suryan ,  please find attached a brief on turkey , per your request . as stated in the brief , this is a preliminary forecast and is subject to change upon further government announcements related to external financing and monetary / fx policies .  gwyn koepke  suryan wirya simunovic @ ect  04 / 19 / 2001 10 : 48 am  to : gkoepke @ enron . com  cc : jolyon manning / eu / enron @ enron , padmesh thuraisingham / lon / ect @ ect  subject : turkey  gwyn ,  paddy and i spoke to you earlier today regarding eel ' s turkish investment . you mentioned that you could send us a brief report on what has been going on in turkey in the last couple of weeks . as we are having a meeting tomorrow am could you still send us this report before business closing houston to myself , paddy and jolyon manning .  thank you  suryan wirya simunovic ",0,turkey group message sent rac london related london focus enron equity interest opet million exposure gwyn forwarded gwyn koepke na enron pm gwyn koepke pm suryan wirya simunovic lon ect ect cc gkoepke enron com ect jolyon manning eu enron enron padmesh thuraisingham lon ect ect maureen raymond lon ect ect mitra mujica enron enronxgate subject turkey suryan please find attached brief turkey per request stated brief preliminary forecast subject change upon government announcements related external financing monetary fx policies gwyn koepke suryan wirya simunovic ect gkoepke enron com cc jolyon manning eu enron enron padmesh thuraisingham lon ect ect subject turkey gwyn paddy spoke earlier today regarding eel turkish investment mentioned could send us brief report going turkey last couple weeks meeting tomorrow could still send us report business closing houston paddy jolyon manning thank suryan wirya simunovic
"Subject: re : carl tricoli  i think i will coordinate with zimin , and have guadalupe do some research on  equities linked to corn price . initially , there will be some scenario  analysis done , and we can explore the possible use of options theory .  vasant  vince j kaminski  04 / 05 / 2000 02 : 41 pm  to : carl tricoli / corp / enron @ enron  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : carl tricoli  carl ,  depends if it is more like financial or insurance type hedging .  i shall leave it to vasant to decide .  vince  carl tricoli @ enron  04 / 05 / 2000 11 : 19 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , christopher a helfrich / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : carl tricoli  vince , thank you for the response . in the interim , we met with vasant  shanbhogue yesterday and explained the deal and what we needed . should  vasant continue to work on it , or would you still like us to loop in zimin  lu ?  vince j kaminski @ ect  04 / 05 / 2000 10 : 11 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , carl tricoli / corp / enron @ enron  subject : carl tricoli  zimin ,  carl tricoli ( 5 - 8958 ) will call you regarding help on ethanol ( hedging ) .  vince",0,carl tricoli think coordinate zimin guadalupe research equities linked corn price initially scenario analysis done explore possible use options theory vasant vince j kaminski pm carl tricoli corp enron enron cc zimin lu hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject carl tricoli carl depends like financial insurance type hedging shall leave vasant decide vince carl tricoli enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc zimin lu hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect christopher helfrich hou ect ect subject carl tricoli vince thank response interim met vasant shanbhogue yesterday explained deal needed vasant continue work would still like us loop zimin lu vince j kaminski ect zimin lu hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect carl tricoli corp enron enron subject carl tricoli zimin carl tricoli call regarding help ethanol hedging vince
"Subject: calendars and reviews  could all of you please give access to your calendars ( lotus organizer ) to  anita dupont , and also make sure that if you step away from your desk that  your calendar indicates where you will be ? it has happened a few times  recently that people have come for appointments and the person has been away  from his / her desk and anita could not get hold of the person . this does not  portray a good image of the group . also , if you have cell phones , please  make sure anita has the number .  also , please make sure to complete your self - assessment performance review ,  and either indicate list of projects worked on since june in there or at  least separately e - mail me a list .  thanks ,  vasant",0,calendars reviews could please give access calendars lotus organizer anita dupont also make sure step away desk calendar indicates happened times recently people come appointments person away desk anita could get hold person portray good image group also cell phones please make sure anita number also please make sure complete self assessment performance review either indicate list projects worked since june least separately e mail list thanks vasant
"Subject: the 1999 form w - 2 and retiree tax form 1099 - r  the 1999 form w - 2 and retiree tax form 1099 - r will be mailed to your address  of record by january 31 , 2000 . if you have not received your form by february  16 th , you may request , in writing , for a duplicate copy to be sent to you .  please note that a written request , including authorized signature is  required .  when requesting a duplicate form , please specify the year for which you need  a copy , sign your request , and include the following information :  name  complete mailing address  phone number  social security number  you may mail your request to :  enron corp  eb 1667  p o box 1188  houston tx 77002  or you may fax your request to 713 - 646 - 3755 .  your request will be processed within one week of receipt .  if you have a question regarding the information on your form w 2 , please  contact ginger sinclair at 713 - 853 - 9567 . ginger will take a detailed message  of your questions and someone from the payroll tax group will contact you as  soon as possible .  thank you",0,form w retiree tax form r form w retiree tax form r mailed address record january received form february th may request writing duplicate copy sent please note written request including authorized signature required requesting duplicate form please specify year need copy sign request include following information name complete mailing address phone number social security number may mail request enron corp eb p box houston tx may fax request request processed within one week receipt question regarding information form w please contact ginger sinclair ginger take detailed message questions someone payroll tax group contact soon possible thank
Subject: password  login kkindal  password marketcredit !,0,password login kkindal password marketcredit
"Subject: re : a / a program question  vince ,  thanks for the support .  gwyn  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 38 pm  to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : a / a program question  gwyn ,  no problem . please , continue with your current tutor .  vince  gwyn koepke @ enron  10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 22 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : a / a program question  vince ,  the a / a program does not have a contract in place with melly language  services . it appears that by the note below from my contact in the a / a - hr  department , the reimbursement policy appears to be driven by department , not  enron at large .  as i mentioned earlier , if i continue with my current tutor , but outside of  the melly language services , the cost to the department will decrease for me  to take french classes .  pls advise if research will be able to continue to fund my lessons .  many thanks ,  gwyn koepke  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 19  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : ivonne brown 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 17 pm  to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : a / a program question  gwyn ,  in the past the associate & analyst program use to pick - up the cost for the  classes , but they stopped doing so effective 1 / 99 . ( although , some business  units decided to continue paying for it - you may want to double check with  your business unit to whether or not they have a contract . the a / a dept does  not . ) please let me know if you have additional questions .  thank you for your patience .  sincerely ,  ivonne brown  gwyn koepke  10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 15 pm  to : ivonne brown / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : a / a program question  ivonne , have you been able to find an answer to the attached ? thanks !  gwyn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 14  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gwyn koepke  10 / 19 / 2000 08 : 25 pm  to : ivonne brown / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : a / a program question  ivonne ,  i am currently enrolled in a french language class thru enron and melly ' s  language services , and my group is paying the cost directly .  i am considering quitting the melly ' s language program in favor of an outside  private tutor , for a number of reasons . it will be cheaper too .  i would like to know :  1 . does enron have a contract in place with melly ' s language service , to be  the exclusive provider of language services to enron ?  2 . will enron pay the costs of my language classes if they are held outside  of the melly contract ( if any ) ?  i just want to make sure that if i decide to "" drop out "" of the melly classes  and sign up for other private tutoring courses , which will be less expensive  than the melly svc , that enron will not have a problem picking up the tab .  vince kaminski , the md , wants to know this , to ensure there is no legal  restriction on who must provide these language services in order to secure  enron reimbursement .  thanks for your help .  gwyn koepke",0,program question vince thanks support gwyn vince j kaminski ect pm gwyn koepke na enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject program question gwyn problem please continue current tutor vince gwyn koepke enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject program question vince program contract place melly language services appears note contact hr department reimbursement policy appears driven department enron large mentioned earlier continue current tutor outside melly language services cost department decrease take french classes pls advise research able continue fund lessons many thanks gwyn koepke forwarded gwyn koepke na enron pm ivonne brown pm gwyn koepke na enron enron cc subject program question gwyn past associate analyst program use pick cost classes stopped effective although business units decided continue paying may want double check business unit whether contract dept please let know additional questions thank patience sincerely ivonne brown gwyn koepke pm ivonne brown na enron enron cc subject program question ivonne able find answer attached thanks gwyn forwarded gwyn koepke na enron pm gwyn koepke pm ivonne brown na enron enron cc subject program question ivonne currently enrolled french language class thru enron melly language services group paying cost directly considering quitting melly language program favor outside private tutor number reasons cheaper would like know enron contract place melly language service exclusive provider language services enron enron pay costs language classes held outside melly contract want make sure decide drop melly classes sign private tutoring courses less expensive melly svc enron problem picking tab vince kaminski md wants know ensure legal restriction must provide language services order secure enron reimbursement thanks help gwyn koepke
"Subject: can people find your web site ?  expedite 245 west roosevelt rd . building 15 , ste . 109 west chicago , il 60185 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,people find web site expedite west roosevelt rd building ste west chicago il e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: bi - weekly transmission update report  energy info source is privileged to make available to you a free sample  issue of its bi - weekly transmission update report ( attached ) . this report  contains the latest iso , rto , utility , and merchant transmission news provided  in pdf format delivered to you via email every other week all for only  $ 75 / year for an individual subscription ( corporate subscriptions for multiple  users are available for $ 200 / year ) .  check it out and if you ' d like to subscribe , click on the following link  to order online or call us at 888 - 986 - 2250 to order by phone . we accept  visa / mastercard / american express or can invoice your company .  viewing the report requires adobe acrobat reader 4 . 0 or higher , available  free at :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  if you want to be removed from our mailing list or for more information :  energy info source , inc .  email : custsvc @ energyinfosource . com  phone : 888 - 986 - 2250  - transo 7 _ 23 . pdf",0,bi weekly transmission update report energy info source privileged make available free sample issue bi weekly transmission update report attached report contains latest iso rto utility merchant transmission news provided pdf format delivered via email every week year individual subscription corporate subscriptions multiple users available year check like subscribe click following link order online call us order phone accept visa mastercard american express invoice company viewing report requires adobe acrobat reader higher available free want removed mailing list information energy info source inc email custsvc energyinfosource com phone transo pdf
"Subject: re : christmas basket list  goodmorning ,  this is the last e - mail regarding christmas baskets .  here is a detailed disussion for the baskets .  thanks  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 08 / 2000 10 : 41  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 07 / 2000 01 : 55 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : christmas basket list  here is the completed list for the year 2000  total $ 1470 . 00  thanks  kevin moore  kevin g moore  12 / 05 / 2000 10 : 56 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : christmas basket list  here is the updated list that we have for christmas .  the orders will be placed on dec . 12 th .  the orders will arrive at the enron building dec . 19 th . and all outside orders  will arrive before dec . 22 nd .  please inform , if this is okay .  thanks  kevin  moore  i will discuss cost with vince after meeting with bill on friday .  kevin g moore  12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 26 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : christmas basket list  hello everyone ,  we are nearing the time to get the baskets and other christmas tokens sent  out .  as in every year , we do take the time to send tokens of appreciation  for services rendered , or share the christmas sprit with those we feel  worthty .  here is the list that i have already , approved by vince .  if there are any additions please inform me a . s . a . p .  the deadline is december 12 th , as i will be meeting with the  owner of floral events to confirm the order and treat him to  lunch for all the great work he has provided for me .  thanks  kevin moore  please note : i will be out on vacation and all orders will already have been  placed  with the delivery date on december 19 th . the day of my return ,  therefore if any problems occur i will have enough time to solve them .",0,christmas basket list goodmorning last e mail regarding christmas baskets detailed disussion baskets thanks kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject christmas basket list completed list year total thanks kevin moore kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect jose marquez corp enron enron stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect anita dupont na enron enron cc subject christmas basket list updated list christmas orders placed dec th orders arrive enron building dec th outside orders arrive dec nd please inform okay thanks kevin moore discuss cost vince meeting bill friday kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect jose marquez corp enron enron stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect anita dupont na enron enron cc subject christmas basket list hello everyone nearing time get baskets christmas tokens sent every year take time send tokens appreciation services rendered share christmas sprit feel worthty list already approved vince additions please inform p deadline december th meeting owner floral events confirm order treat lunch great work provided thanks kevin moore please note vacation orders already placed delivery date december th day return therefore problems occur enough time solve
"Subject: re :  dolores  please , register me for a session on 9 / 29 / 2000 at 12 : 45 .  vince kaminski  celeste roberts  08 / 29 / 2000 06 : 21 pm  to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  subject :  urgent  the associate and analyst recruiting department will be conducting a number  of two hour workshops to review our recruiting and interview process for the  fall on - campus recruiting effort . critical information regarding our  on - campus interview process , revised evaluation forms and program structure  will be reviewed during these two hours sessions .  it is mandatory that all team members attend these workshops . all team  members must attend in order to articulate and demonstrate the enron  recruiting process . knowing how busy schedules are , we have made  arrangements to present these workshops in two hours sessions for a total of  40 workshops that will run during the last week of august , through the month  of september and end at mid october .  listed below are the dates , location and times for each session . please  select a date and time and e - mail this information to my assistant , dolores  muzzy . we can accommodate 25 participants at a time . dolores will take  dates and times on a first come , first serve basis . we have scheduled enough  sessions to accommodate every member of both the associate and analyst  recruiting teams .  in order to participate in the recruiting process , you must attend one of  these sessions . we will be tracking participation . cpe credits will also be  given for attending this workshop .",0,dolores please register session vince kaminski celeste roberts pm celeste roberts hou ect ect cc bcc vince j kaminski hou ect subject urgent associate analyst recruiting department conducting number two hour workshops review recruiting interview process fall campus recruiting effort critical information regarding campus interview process revised evaluation forms program structure reviewed two hours sessions mandatory team members attend workshops team members must attend order articulate demonstrate enron recruiting process knowing busy schedules made arrangements present workshops two hours sessions total workshops run last week august month september end mid october listed dates location times session please select date time e mail information assistant dolores muzzy accommodate participants time dolores take dates times first come first serve basis scheduled enough sessions accommodate every member associate analyst recruiting teams order participate recruiting process must attend one sessions tracking participation cpe credits also given attending workshop
"Subject: re : henwood query  good talking with you this morning . by all means , talk to grant masson about  who else is using the henwood model within enron .  attached are the workbooks i mentioned . the "" details of jan and july . xls ""  workbook contains the resulting listing from the query i gave you yesterday  and you can see how the supply curve was created from that . the supply curve  becomes nonsense at points for reasons i believe are related to reliability  commitment constrants , instead of pure economic dispatch , and to the  aggregate reporting problem i described in my note yesterday .  the workbook "" supply curve . xls "" has the simplistic , average supply curve i  mentioned , constructed from fuel and vom costs . depending on the question  you are trying to answer , it may be an approach to consider .  the henwood contacts i had in mind are :  tao guo , phd , senior "" algorithmist "" ( 916 - 569 - 0985 )   the one i was thinking  of  wenxiong huang , phd senior project consultant ( 916 - 569 - 0985 )  ajit kulkarni , phd , software product manager ( 916 - 569 - 0985 )   more a trainer ,  but sharp  cosimo coscia , senior consultant ( south australia ) 618 - 8357 - 1244   very  resourceful  wade schauer , staff consultant , ( 916 - 569 - 0985 )   best for questions about  emss per se  all have emails , of course . template : tguo @ hesinet . com  also , if you can not get satisfaction , contact eric toolson , vp  ( 916 - 569 - 0985 ) . he has a laconic style , but is very focused on customer  satisfaction and retention . and he has the pull to make things happen .  regards ,  michael  > > > karolina potter / lon / ect @ enron 08 / 24 / 00 07 : 08 am > > >  michael ,  i am an analyst in paul mead ' s continental power trading group in london . i  am currently working on the project , which requires the use of emss , and  experience some difficulties interpreting the output results . steven leppard  from our research group gave me your name as an expert in this system and  consequently the person to contact in case of problems .  i have been running simulations for the dutch market and was asked to provide  the traders with some front - end screen graphs in order to interpret the  numerical results . one of the graphs is to show an hourly generation stack  and system ' s marginal cost , as we only run cost based scenarios . to sort each  station ' s hourly generation i need its marginal cost . to my knowledge though ,  marginal cost is only generated for a systems marginal unit ( transarea  marginal units query , marg _ cost unit ) . therefore i was sorting the stations  according to the cost which i calculated based on the outputs from station  detail by hour query . the calculation was as follows :  for each hour , for each generating station :  "" marginal cost "" [ o / mwh ] = ( generation _ cost [ oo 00 ] * 1000 ) / generation [ mwh ] -  vom _ cost [ o / mwh ]  this i thought would include fuel cost and start up costs . however , a  marginal station which i get on the stack as a result of the above  calculation is not a station given in marginal station field in transarea  marginal units query . i have also looked into transarea _ data _ hr table and  transarea _ data table but non of the costs there match my results .  do you happen to know what formula is used to determine marg _ cost and which  outputs i should be using to obtain the right results ?  it might be easier if we could discuss this issue on the phone . in this case  could you please send me your direct telephone number . i am struggling  understanding what is going on and would appreciate your help very much .  regards  karolina  - text . htm  - details of jan and july . xls  - supply curve . xls",0,henwood query good talking morning means talk grant masson else using henwood model within enron attached workbooks mentioned details jan july xls workbook contains resulting listing query gave yesterday see supply curve created supply curve becomes nonsense points reasons believe related reliability commitment constrants instead pure economic dispatch aggregate reporting problem described note yesterday workbook supply curve xls simplistic average supply curve mentioned constructed fuel vom costs depending question trying answer may approach consider henwood contacts mind tao guo phd senior algorithmist one thinking wenxiong huang phd senior project consultant ajit kulkarni phd software product manager trainer sharp cosimo coscia senior consultant south australia resourceful wade schauer staff consultant best questions emss per se emails course template tguo hesinet com also get satisfaction contact eric toolson vp laconic style focused customer satisfaction retention pull make things happen regards michael karolina potter lon ect enron michael analyst paul mead continental power trading group london currently working project requires use emss experience difficulties interpreting output results steven leppard research group gave name expert system consequently person contact case problems running simulations dutch market asked provide traders front end screen graphs order interpret numerical results one graphs show hourly generation stack system marginal cost run cost based scenarios sort station hourly generation need marginal cost knowledge though marginal cost generated systems marginal unit transarea marginal units query marg cost unit therefore sorting stations according cost calculated based outputs station detail hour query calculation follows hour generating station marginal cost mwh generation cost oo generation mwh vom cost mwh thought would include fuel cost start costs however marginal station get stack result calculation station given marginal station field transarea marginal units query also looked transarea data hr table transarea data table non costs match results happen know formula used determine marg cost outputs using obtain right results might easier could discuss issue phone case could please send direct telephone number struggling understanding going would appreciate help much regards karolina text htm details jan july xls supply curve xls
"Subject: re : uk portfolios and books setup in risktrac  tanya  the books were set up incorrectly when the spreadsheet feeds were  implemented . this has since been corrected . currently the european risk trac  numbers do not feed into the corporate reporting of var .  the books should now contain gas exposures in uk gas and power in uk power  and have no duplication .  i have previously discussed with naveen and kirstee that it would be a good  idea if we set up a regular meeting to projecct manage the implementation of  european var numbers , from risk trac , into the daily reporting . if you have  no objections i suggest we discuss this at the next weekly rac / research  meeting .  rgds  oliver  tanya tamarchenko  03 / 01 / 2001 21 : 05  to : david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : uk portfolios and books setup in risktrac  david and vince ,  in my e - mail below i pointed out to a inconsistency in the portfolio  hierarchy for uk positions in risktrac that i found out ,  namely : some books ( for example elsb 1 and elsb 2 ) belong to uk - gas portfolio  and to uk - power portfolio .  i wanted to clarify this in order to reconcile positions in risktrac and in  the spreadsheet .  tanya .  tanya tamarchenko  01 / 03 / 2001 02 : 09 pm  to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , matthew adams / corp / enron @ enron  cc : rabi de / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : uk portfolios and books setup in risktrac  naveen and matthew ,  i started looking systematically through uk positions and corresponding var  numbers in the risckrac .  i found a few inconsistencies so far .  1 . the portfolio elsb 1 - nbp has a book elsb 1 under it . the sum of delta  positions for this book is  239 , 021 , 655 , the sum of gamma positions is - 211 , 031 , 450 . var for the  portfolio elsb 1 - nbp is zero .  the same refers to a few other portfolios , for example elsb 2 - nbp , elsb 3 - nbp ,  e 2 xxl - nbp .  2 . the portfolio elsbp 1 - ppp also has the book elsb 1 under it . this book  contains the positions on pppwdl  through pppwd 6 and pppwel through pppwe 4 .  the same refers to the other books , for example elsb 2 .  this looks messy . can someone in rac go over all the portfolios , all the  corresponding books and curves  in risktrac and make sure they are set up properly ?  thank you ,  tanya .",0,uk portfolios books setup risktrac tanya books set incorrectly spreadsheet feeds implemented since corrected currently european risk trac numbers feed corporate reporting var books contain gas exposures uk gas power uk power duplication previously discussed naveen kirstee would good idea set regular meeting projecct manage implementation european var numbers risk trac daily reporting objections suggest discuss next weekly rac research meeting rgds oliver tanya tamarchenko david port market risk corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc kirstee hewitt lon ect ect oliver gaylard lon ect ect subject uk portfolios books setup risktrac david vince e mail pointed inconsistency portfolio hierarchy uk positions risktrac found namely books example elsb elsb belong uk gas portfolio uk power portfolio wanted clarify order reconcile positions risktrac spreadsheet tanya tanya tamarchenko pm naveen andrews corp enron enron matthew adams corp enron enron cc rabi de na enron enron jaesoo lew na enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject uk portfolios books setup risktrac naveen matthew started looking systematically uk positions corresponding var numbers risckrac found inconsistencies far portfolio elsb nbp book elsb sum delta positions book sum gamma positions var portfolio elsb nbp zero refers portfolios example elsb nbp elsb nbp e xxl nbp portfolio elsbp ppp also book elsb book contains positions pppwdl pppwd pppwel pppwe refers books example elsb looks messy someone rac go portfolios corresponding books curves risktrac make sure set properly thank tanya
"Subject: - - > direct marketing will increase sales 23875  there is no stumbling on to it !  the greatest way of marketing this century  is undoubtedly direct e - mail .  it ' s similar to the postman delivering a  letter to your mailbox .  the ability to promote your product ,  service , website , or mlm / network marketing  opportunity to millions instantly is what  advertisers have been dreaming of for over 100 years .  we e - mail your promotion to a list of our  general / business addresses .  the greatest part is , it ' s completely affordable .  e - mail marketing is the answer !  how do we know ?  we know because that ' s exactly what we do .  it ' s a proven fact that you can attract  new business through our direct e - mail marketing .  the profits that e - mail advertising generate are amazing !  we are living proof .  we are a direct e - mail internet advertising company and  our clients pay us thousands of dollars a week to e - mail  their products and services .  standard pricing and procedures  extracting :  our list of general internet addresses are actually extracted  from the most popular web sites on the internet . the addresses  are verified and run through our purification process .  the process includes addresses run against our custom remove  filter of 2 , 492 keywords , as well as through our 192 mb remove /  flamer list . the edu , org , gov , mil , and us domains are removed ,  as well as other domains that asked not to receive e - mail .  evaluation : $ 350 . 00 ( optional )  one of our marketing specialists will evaluate your sales  letter , and offer his / her expertise on how to make it the  most successful .  standard pricing : ( emails delivered )  1 million - $ 700 . 00 per  2 - 3 million - $ 600 . 00 per  4 million - $ 500 . 00 per  5 million & up - $ 400 . 00 per  special limited time offer !  this introductory offer of $ 300 . 00 includes :  1 . set - up fee  2 . evaluation of sales letter  3 . 500 , 000 e - mails delivered  payment policy :  all services must be paid in full prior to delivery of  advertisement .  notice :  absolutely no threatening or questionable materials .  if you are serious about direct > > email > > marketing > > - - send  the following to { fax } 1 ( 602 ) 392 - 8288  please fill this form out completely !  contact name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  business name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  # years in business : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  business type : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state : _ _ _ _ _ _  zip : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  email address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  phone : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ fax : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  > > > > > - >  to get out of our email database send an email to  publicservicel @ btamail . net . cn",1,direct marketing increase sales stumbling greatest way marketing century undoubtedly direct e mail similar postman delivering letter mailbox ability promote product service website mlm network marketing opportunity millions instantly advertisers dreaming years e mail promotion list general business addresses greatest part completely affordable e mail marketing answer know know exactly proven fact attract new business direct e mail marketing profits e mail advertising generate amazing living proof direct e mail internet advertising company clients pay us thousands dollars week e mail products services standard pricing procedures extracting list general internet addresses actually extracted popular web sites internet addresses verified run purification process process includes addresses run custom remove filter keywords well mb remove flamer list edu org gov mil us domains removed well domains asked receive e mail evaluation optional one marketing specialists evaluate sales letter offer expertise make successful standard pricing emails delivered million per million per million per million per special limited time offer introductory offer includes set fee evaluation sales letter e mails delivered payment policy services must paid full prior delivery advertisement notice absolutely threatening questionable materials serious direct email marketing send following fax please fill form completely contact name business name years business business type address city state zip country email address phone fax get email database send email publicservicel btamail net cn
"Subject: re : efa meetings  tom ,  thanks for your message .  i shall be glad to attend the meeting ( of course a lot may happen between  now and then and we may have many unexpected developments  in a company as dynamic as enron ) .  i want to get back to you at some point with comments on your paper .  vince  tom arnold on 07 / 03 / 2000 05 : 19 : 48 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : efa meetings  hello vince ,  a colleague and i are hoping to have a panel discussion on energy  securities for the coming eastern finance association meetings ( april  25 - 28 , 2001 in charleston , south carolina ) . i was wondering if you or  someone you know at enron would be interested in participating in such a  meeting . i realize that you may not be able to plan this far in advance  and would certainly not be offended in the least if you cannot participate .  we already appreciate you taking time out of your schedule this past  semester to visit lsu .  i hope all is going well and wish you continued success in your ventures ,  tom arnold",0,efa meetings tom thanks message shall glad attend meeting course lot may happen may many unexpected developments company dynamic enron want get back point comments paper vince tom arnold pm vkamins enron com cc subject efa meetings hello vince colleague hoping panel discussion energy securities coming eastern finance association meetings april charleston south carolina wondering someone know enron would interested participating meeting realize may able plan far advance would certainly offended least participate already appreciate taking time schedule past semester visit lsu hope going well wish continued success ventures tom arnold
"Subject: natural gas storage research  i am working on a report aimed at energy marketers that will examine  natural gas storage : effects on energy trading . i am looking for people  who can talk about the importance of this subject to power marketers .  please contact me if you can inform me on any of the following subjects .  i am interested in exploring the following issues :  1 . storage process : transportation , injection , withdrawal  2 . are all storage facilities connected to pipelines ?  3 . description of types of storage facilities : salt caverns ,  above - ground tanks , inactive underground volcano , others  4 . problems that limit underground reservoir effectiveness  5 . historical storage data  6 . contributing factors to storage levels : weather , generation demand ,  reliability concerns  7 . national map of storage facilities and capacities  8 . terms definitions : base gas , working gas , underground storage ,  traditional storage , salt caverns , other relevant terms  9 . impact of storage fluctuations on prices and energy trading  10 . safety issues of natural gas storage  11 . seasonal storage trends  12 . total amount of national storage capacity  13 . future storage capacity needs  14 . lng as storage alternative  15 . technology improvements  16 . who regulated natural gas storage ?  17 . list of storage facility owners  if you are involved with natural gas storage , or are an energy trader  who is affected by natural gas storage , please contact me by november  13 th . thank you in advance for your help !  barbara drazga  independent journalist  denver , colo .  tel : 303 - 369 - 3533  fax : 303 - 369 - 3510  energywriter @ aol . com",0,natural gas storage research working report aimed energy marketers examine natural gas storage effects energy trading looking people talk importance subject power marketers please contact inform following subjects interested exploring following issues storage process transportation injection withdrawal storage facilities connected pipelines description types storage facilities salt caverns ground tanks inactive underground volcano others problems limit underground reservoir effectiveness historical storage data contributing factors storage levels weather generation demand reliability concerns national map storage facilities capacities terms definitions base gas working gas underground storage traditional storage salt caverns relevant terms impact storage fluctuations prices energy trading safety issues natural gas storage seasonal storage trends total amount national storage capacity future storage capacity needs lng storage alternative technology improvements regulated natural gas storage list storage facility owners involved natural gas storage energy trader affected natural gas storage please contact november th thank advance help barbara drazga independent journalist denver colo tel fax energywriter aol com
"Subject: good day friend  dear friend ,  my name is salim ibrahim a merchant in dubai , in  the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with esophageal  cancer  it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and  right now i have only about a few months to live ,  according to medical experts .  i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i  never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but  my business . though i am very rich , i was never  generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on  my business as that was the only thing i cared for .  but now i regret all this as i now know that there is  more to life than just wanting to have  or make all the money in the world .  i believe when god gives me a second chance to come  to this world i would live my life a different way  from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i  have willed and given most of my property and  assets to my immediate and extended family members as well  as a few close friends .  i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul  so , i have decided to give also to charity  organizations , as i want this to be one of the last  good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have  distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e ,  algeria and malaysia . now that my health has  deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself  anymore .  i once asked members of my family to close  one of my accounts and distribute the money which i  have there to charity organization in bulgaria and  pakistan , they refused and kept the money to  themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as  they seem not to be contended with what i have left  for them .  the last of my money which no one knows of is the  huge cash deposit of ( twenty million five hundred  thousand u . s  dollars )  that i have with a finance / security  company abroad . i will want you to help me collect  this consignment and dispatched it to charity  organizations .  i have set aside 15 % for you .  god be with you .  salim ibrahim  note : please do get back to me via my private email  address at ibrahim _ salim @ ny . com  becuase i do not want my family to know anything  about this project , so i could give you the full details about  the funds .  please endeavour to get back to me via my specified  private  email address .  thanks for understanding . may the almighty allah  bless you  abondantly .  mail enviado desde el servicio webmail en el sitio | * btw * | call of duty  - . . /",1,good day friend dear friend name salim ibrahim merchant dubai u e diagnosed esophageal cancer defiled forms medical treatment right months live according medical experts particularly lived life well never really cared anyone even business though rich never generous always hostile people focused business thing cared regret know life wanting make money world believe god gives second chance come world would live life different way lived god called willed given property assets immediate extended family members well close friends want god merciful accept soul decided give also charity organizations want one last good deeds earth far distributed money charity organizations u e algeria malaysia health deteriorated badly anymore asked members family close one accounts distribute money charity organization bulgaria pakistan refused kept money hence trust anymore seem contended left last money one knows huge cash deposit twenty million five hundred thousand u dollars finance security company abroad want help collect consignment dispatched charity organizations set aside god salim ibrahim note please get back via private email address ibrahim salim ny com becuase want family know anything project could give full details funds please endeavour get back via specified private email address thanks understanding may almighty allah bless abondantly mail enviado desde el servicio webmail en el sitio btw call duty
"Subject: interim report to gary hickerson for ag trading  vince ,  please find attached the interim report on agricultural commodity trading for  gary hickerson . your comments are welcome as we would like to send this to  gary as soon as possible .  regards ,  kate  ext 3 - 9401",0,interim report gary hickerson ag trading vince please find attached interim report agricultural commodity trading gary hickerson comments welcome would like send gary soon possible regards kate ext
"Subject: graphic design from logos to websites  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy  several seconds for  your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors .  get your loqo , business stationery or website done  right now !  fast turnaround : you wiil see severai logo variants  in three business days .  satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited  amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needs and fit your  business .  fiexible discounts : loqo improvement , additional  formats , bulk orders , special packages .  creative design for  competitive price : have a look at it right now !",1,graphic design logos websites corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes oniy several seconds company remembered lost among competitors get loqo business stationery website done right fast turnaround wiil see severai logo variants three business days satisfaction guaranteed provide uniimited amount chanqes sure meet needs fit business fiexible discounts loqo improvement additional formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right
"Subject: may 9 / 10 , 2000 seminar  my name is guillermo c ? novas , and i am regulatory and government affairs  director for enron am , rica del sur ( argentina ) .  i understand you spoke in a seminar that took place on may 9 / 10 where it was  discussed : 1 ) effective power price modelling ; 2 ) applying a real option  approach for the valuation of power plants .  one consultant and researcher , who shares enron ' s belief in open markets and  competition ( and therefore is helping us to open argentine energy markets ) ,  asked me if we could send him a copy of the booklet or slides that you and  other speakers presented during the seminar .  if this is feasible , i would appreciate if you could send a copy of the  material to me at enron am , rica del sur , located at : av . eduardo madero 900 -  piso 17 ( 1106 ) - buenos aires - argentina  please , do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions or  require further information . i can be reached at the following number :  5411 - 4891 - 3600  sincerely ,  guillermo .",0,may seminar name guillermo c novas regulatory government affairs director enron rica del sur argentina understand spoke seminar took place may discussed effective power price modelling applying real option approach valuation power plants one consultant researcher shares enron belief open markets competition therefore helping us open argentine energy markets asked could send copy booklet slides speakers presented seminar feasible would appreciate could send copy material enron rica del sur located av eduardo madero piso buenos aires argentina please hesitate contact questions require information reached following number sincerely guillermo
"Subject: extending eu gas guidelines to central and eastern europe - cera  insight  title : extending eu gas guidelines to central and eastern europe  url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u = 35 & m = 2184  overview : a comprehensive reform of gas legislation in central and eastern  europe is bringing the region in line with the european union  , s gas  directive . this is true both for the countries expected to enter the union by  2004  ) 05  * czech republic , estonia , hungary , poland , and slovenia - - and for  candidates whose entry is not scheduled before the end of the  decade - - bulgaria , latvia , lithuania , romania , and slovakia . in cera  , s view  current developments regarding the establishment of a legal framework for the  internal gas market in eastern and central europe look promising from an  investor  , s point of view .  the candidate countries presented a review of progress made in the  implementation of the eu gas directive during a two - day workshop held by the  european commission and the world bank in paris in november .  many of these countries have been reforming their energy industries  throughout the 1990 s as part of their transition to a market economy . the  results have been mixed , particularly in the utility industries . the 1998 gas  directive ( adopted in august 2000 ) now offers a compelling incentive for eu  candidate countries to transform their gas industries , while providing a road  map to guide them .  the critical points relevant to harmonization between the european union and  candidate countries include the following :  * legal framework and regulation . the legal framework is the cornerstone of  enlargement and the yardstick of harmonization in europe . as a result , in all  candidate countries in 1999  ) 2000 energy laws were either updated or newly  established along the principles spelled out in the gas directive . regulatory  bodies have been created by law and are operating in every country , although  issues of staffing , financial autonomy , and independence from political  influence are not uniformly resolved .  * third - party access ( tpa ) and long - term take - or - pay contracts . all candidate  countries agree that tpa is a key to market competition . therefore , all have  adopted it or intend to do so in their new legislation . although the  commission favors regulated tpa , the specific approaches to tpa enforcement  in the candidate countries remain unclear in some cases . in particular , the  implementation of tpa will have to address the issue of long - term take - or - pay  contracts with russia that were signed by all major domestic gas companies  and somewhat preempt competition . russian gas is for the most part sold to  single , traditional state - owned operators that dominate their internal  markets . a balance will need to be struck between these incumbent dominant  players and the competitive environment . this is made more complicated by  their ownership of large volumes of russian gas supplied in kind in exchange  for transit rights to west european customers . article 25 of the directive  provides for !  a derogation to companies experiencing difficulties stemming from take - or - pay  obligations . this derogation would apply to the companies of candidate  countries with historical and commercial links with the russian gas industry .  furthermore , article 26 allows derogations to those member states with only  one major gas supplier , to those with an  +  + emerging gas market  status ,  ,  , or to those without a direct gas connection to the grid of another  member state . most of the candidate countries would in principle be able to  call on one or more of these grounds for derogation when they join the  european union .  * price cross - subsidies . residential gas tariffs are artificially low and are  financed partially through higher rates applied to industrial consumers . in  various countries , tariff increases and the phasing out of subsidies have  been scheduled , but such decisions remain politically sensitive to enforce .  this has recently been emphasized by high gas prices owing to the linkage of  imported gas to oil prices . all candidate countries have set legal frameworks  that include the phasing out of cross - subsidies as part of sector reform , but  the actual implementation will remain politically difficult . as table 1  indicates , price rebalancing is already under way in most countries expected  to enter the european union by mid - decade , but the legal framework itself  cannot guarantee the pace of reform . the same goes for candidate countries  that have only recently introduced eu - complying energy laws and whose entry  to the european union is likely to happen in a longer time frame .  * unbundling . most countries understand that the unbundling of transmission  companies from their supply businesses is the second critical element of  liberalization . to date , unbundling the accounts of these two businesses is  all that has been adopted by the member states or in the candidate countries .  in the future , the commission is likely to press all eu countries for legal  separation (  & structural unbundling  8 ) of the businesses , and candidate  countries will have to pursue their reform of the gas sector accordingly .  table 1 gives an overview of the state of play in candidate countries . as the  table shows , the countries belonging to the second group have only very  recently undertaken the reform of the gas sector in accordance with the  directive , whereas change had been introduced earlier in the countries  scheduled for the first wave .  * * end * *  follow above url for full report .  come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , "" shooting the rapids :  strategies and risks for the energy future "" in houston , february 12 - 16 ,  2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek /  e - mail category : insight  cera knowledge area ( s ) : european gas ,  to make changes to your cera . com account go to :  forgot your username and password ? go to :  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information  from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is  confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,  distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,  in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates",0,extending eu gas guidelines central eastern europe cera insight title extending eu gas guidelines central eastern europe url http www cera com eprofile u overview comprehensive reform gas legislation central eastern europe bringing region line european union gas directive true countries expected enter union czech republic estonia hungary poland slovenia candidates whose entry scheduled end decade bulgaria latvia lithuania romania slovakia cera view current developments regarding establishment legal framework internal gas market eastern central europe look promising investor point view candidate countries presented review progress made implementation eu gas directive two day workshop held european commission world bank paris november many countries reforming energy industries throughout part transition market economy results mixed particularly utility industries gas directive adopted august offers compelling incentive eu candidate countries transform gas industries providing road map guide critical points relevant harmonization european union candidate countries include following legal framework regulation legal framework cornerstone enlargement yardstick harmonization europe result candidate countries energy laws either updated newly established along principles spelled gas directive regulatory bodies created law operating every country although issues staffing financial autonomy independence political influence uniformly resolved third party access tpa long term take pay contracts candidate countries agree tpa key market competition therefore adopted intend new legislation although commission favors regulated tpa specific approaches tpa enforcement candidate countries remain unclear cases particular implementation tpa address issue long term take pay contracts russia signed major domestic gas companies somewhat preempt competition russian gas part sold single traditional state owned operators dominate internal markets balance need struck incumbent dominant players competitive environment made complicated ownership large volumes russian gas supplied kind exchange transit rights west european customers article directive provides derogation companies experiencing difficulties stemming take pay obligations derogation would apply companies candidate countries historical commercial links russian gas industry furthermore article allows derogations member states one major gas supplier emerging gas market status without direct gas connection grid another member state candidate countries would principle able call one grounds derogation join european union price cross subsidies residential gas tariffs artificially low financed partially higher rates applied industrial consumers various countries tariff increases phasing subsidies scheduled decisions remain politically sensitive enforce recently emphasized high gas prices owing linkage imported gas oil prices candidate countries set legal frameworks include phasing cross subsidies part sector reform actual implementation remain politically difficult table indicates price rebalancing already way countries expected enter european union mid decade legal framework guarantee pace reform goes candidate countries recently introduced eu complying energy laws whose entry european union likely happen longer time frame unbundling countries understand unbundling transmission companies supply businesses second critical element liberalization date unbundling accounts two businesses adopted member states candidate countries future commission likely press eu countries legal separation structural unbundling businesses candidate countries pursue reform gas sector accordingly table gives overview state play candidate countries table shows countries belonging second group recently undertaken reform gas sector accordance directive whereas change introduced earlier countries scheduled first wave end follow url full report come shoot rapids us ceraweek shooting rapids strategies risks energy future houston february information register please visit http www cera com ceraweek e mail category insight cera knowledge area european gas make changes cera com account go forgot username password go http www cera com client forgot electronic message attachments contain information cambridge energy research associates inc cera confidential may privileged unauthorized disclosure copying distribution use contents message attachments whole part strictly prohibited terms use http www cera com tos questions comments webmaster cera com copyright cambridge energy research associates
"Subject: for your information  this will be our closing notification  we have made an effort to write to you on many occasions and this will be our last contact !  your present loan situation meets the requirements for you for up to a 3 . 70 % lower rate .  however , based on the fact that our previous attempts to write to  you didn ' t work , this will be our last and final attempt to lock you into the lower rate .  please finalize this final step upon receiving  this notice immediately , and complete your request for information now .  apply here .  if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so .",1,information closing notification made effort write many occasions last contact present loan situation meets requirements lower rate however based fact previous attempts write work last final attempt lock lower rate please finalize final step upon receiving notice immediately complete request information apply decision make use final offer going help
"Subject: entrust your visual identity to us  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom desiqn of logos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq  toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amongthe competitors .  you are just a click  away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,entrust visual identity us thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom desiqn logos stationery web sites careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq toois brinq breath fresh air business make stand amongthe competitors click away future success click see sampies artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
"Subject: re : interview schedule for punit rawal  shirley : i have been in touch with punit over the past several week , and it  appears that february 2 nd would suit his schedule best for the visit . how  does that date look for vince and the others in the group who will be  interviewing him ?  stephanie cody , my new admin whom you met last week , will be contacting punit  to make his travel arrangements .  molly  shirley crenshaw  01 / 16 / 2001 09 : 24 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , bob  lee / na / enron @ enron  subject : interview schedule for punit rawal  hi molly :  punit rawal is a carnegie mellon student that kevin kindall and bob lee  interviewed back in december . we would like to bring him in for an  interview . he is definately a "" trading support "" prospect .  i forwarded his resume to john lavorato back in december and inquired  as to whether he would be interested in interviewing him or not , but have  had no response , except that he has not had a chance to look at his  resume yet .  vince originally said that either john or gary hickerson might be interested .  i did not send his resume to gary , maybe you can check with him ?  i am attaching the interview request form and his resume . thanks !  shirley  - punit + rawal + newresume . doc",0,interview schedule punit rawal shirley touch punit past several week appears february nd would suit schedule best visit date look vince others group interviewing stephanie cody new admin met last week contacting punit make travel arrangements molly shirley crenshaw molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect kevin kindall corp enron enron bob lee na enron enron subject interview schedule punit rawal hi molly punit rawal carnegie mellon student kevin kindall bob lee interviewed back december would like bring interview definately trading support prospect forwarded resume john lavorato back december inquired whether would interested interviewing response except chance look resume yet vince originally said either john gary hickerson might interested send resume gary maybe check attaching interview request form resume thanks shirley punit rawal newresume doc
"Subject: new computer  hi lyn :  i have not received an answer for the below request for another sun  computer . did you get it ?  we also need to order another regular computer like the others that have  been supplied to the research group . it will be for tanya tamarchenko  and her location on the 19 th floor is eb 1940 . tanya has two offices and  does not have a computer in her office on the 19 th floor .  co # 0011 - rc # 100038  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000  03 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  01 / 12 / 2000 11 : 14 am  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : sun computer  hi lyn ;  the research group is in need of another sun computer to be located at  ebl 951 . please let me know that eta .  co . # 0011 - rc # 100038  thanks !  shirley  3 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2000  11 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  01 / 07 / 2000 01 : 49 pm  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect  cc : william smith / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron  subject : new pc  hi lyn :  alex huang has requested a new pc and vince kaminski has ok ' d it . please  order the computer as listed below in alex ' s request .  thanks !  shirley  3 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  01 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 12 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron  subject : new pc  shirley ,  ok .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  12 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alex huang @ enron  01 / 07 / 2000 08 : 28 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : new pc  hi shirley ,  i would like to request for a new pc . my current pc is quite old with not  enough memory . twice  i ran out of memory and had to have it people coming to clean it for me .  their suggestion is  to either get a new hard drive or a new pc . given that dell has pentiumc iii  processor at 800 mhz  on market , i would like to request a pc with process at 500 mhz or higher  level .  thank you very much .  best ,  alex",0,new computer hi lyn received answer request another sun computer get also need order another regular computer like others supplied research group tanya tamarchenko location th floor eb tanya two offices computer office th floor co rc thanks shirley crenshaw forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm shirley crenshaw lyn malina hou ect ect cc subject sun computer hi lyn research group need another sun computer located ebl please let know eta co rc thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect shirley crenshaw pm lyn malina hou ect ect cc william smith corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron subject new pc hi lyn alex huang requested new pc vince kaminski ok please order computer listed alex request thanks shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron subject new pc shirley ok vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm alex huang enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect subject new pc hi shirley would like request new pc current pc quite old enough memory twice ran memory people coming clean suggestion either get new hard drive new pc given dell pentiumc iii processor mhz market would like request pc process mhz higher level thank much best alex
"Subject: re : arthur andersen model validation request  yes , i sent a reply to gillian .  - - stinson",0,arthur andersen model validation request yes sent reply gillian stinson
"Subject: re :  vince / stinson ,  the note below gives us the authorization to proceed . i have received no  comments from wade on my signing , but i have his approval for the study , so i  will proceed on that basis .  since we do not have any format of confidentiality agreement from jim , let us  use the one signed by the legal team for the japan study by henwood . in this  reference , could you ( stinson ) get this from either heather mitchell , or john  viverito ( who is the lawyer involved with japan , reporting to alan  aronowitz ) . we could use that as template and proceed before friday on that  basis .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  01 / 03 / 2001 10 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  james a hughes  01 / 03 / 2001 11 : 08 pm  to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : re :  i have already given authorization to proceed . however , i did not know we  were providing the data . that is the thing i am looking for most - the raw  information on what the grid and stack looks like . we need this asap . how  do we get this done quickly ?  jim  sandeep kohli  01 / 02 / 2001 10 : 55 pm  to : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , james a  cc :  subject :  wade / jim ,  my apologies for missing the conference calls yesterday and today . i was not  able to download my messages in time for the calls , but i will be on going  forward .  while i am still on vacation , i have been in conversation with vince and the  research group following up on the henwood study we had spoken about . we  have received a formal proposal from henwood , and they are wanting  authorization to go forward . the study will get us the despatch forecasts  for the next 8 - 10 years , and will deliver the results by january end , per  henwood .  vince and i have reviewed the proposal , and feel that we should proceed . we  will be fine tuning the assignment as we go forward . the big issue there is  the data for the model / s , and at this point henwood is relying more on us to  provide the data . we spoke to henwood yesterday , and i will be on another  call with them on friday .  i need your confirmation on the following :  that i have your approval to proceed ahead with the study  that the study shall be paid for by dpc , and if so , is it ok for me to sign  the authorization being sent by henwood  we will need a formal confidentiality agreement to be in place by tomorrow  ( jim - if you have a particular format , please let me know )  i am leaving the issue of hourly rates and cost to the research group since  they have more experience in dealing with groups like henwood . they feel the  costs are reasonable , and i will leave it at that .  we will need to collect data from the different sources we have in india , and  i have proposed that there be a formal session in india between henwood and  the ene team in india in the week between 10 th and 15 th . this is important  to insure that there are no disconnects , and that there are no illusions on  the quality of the data that will be available . it will also help us  formalize the scope and better define the issues . in order to meet the  deadlines , the data will have to be in place by january 15 th .  i will call jim later today ( i had called but you were on a call ) . i am here  till the weekend when i leave for india . please let me know if this  arrangement is ok .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,vince stinson note gives us authorization proceed received comments wade signing approval study proceed basis since format confidentiality agreement jim let us use one signed legal team japan study henwood reference could stinson get either heather mitchell john viverito lawyer involved japan reporting alan aronowitz could use template proceed friday basis regards sandeep forwarded sandeep kohli enron development pm james hughes pm sandeep kohli enron development enron development cc wade cline enron development enron development subject already given authorization proceed however know providing data thing looking raw information grid stack looks like need asap get done quickly jim sandeep kohli pm wade cline enron development enron development james cc subject wade jim apologies missing conference calls yesterday today able download messages time calls going forward still vacation conversation vince research group following henwood study spoken received formal proposal henwood wanting authorization go forward study get us despatch forecasts next years deliver results january end per henwood vince reviewed proposal feel proceed fine tuning assignment go forward big issue data model point henwood relying us provide data spoke henwood yesterday another call friday need confirmation following approval proceed ahead study study shall paid dpc ok sign authorization sent henwood need formal confidentiality agreement place tomorrow jim particular format please let know leaving issue hourly rates cost research group since experience dealing groups like henwood feel costs reasonable leave need collect data different sources india proposed formal session india henwood ene team india week th th important insure disconnects illusions quality data available also help us formalize scope better define issues order meet deadlines data place january th call jim later today called call till weekend leave india please let know arrangement ok regards sandeep
"Subject: presentation - integrating market risk and credit risk  all ,  i will be giving a 40 min presentation on the above topic at the eprm energy  2000 conference in april . the bulletpoints are :  balancing market risk and credit risk to achieve a reliable estimation of  total risk  incorporating market risk into a credit risk model  calculating probability of default using credit risk and market risk  refining business practice to reflect credit risk and market risk evaluations  my proposed approach is to quickly step through the practical process of  modelling credit risk , resulting in measures for expected loss and  credit - var ; then show how default probs can be calculated using bond and  equity data . finally i ' ll describe how credit risk can be mitigated using  credit derivatives - plugging enroncredit . com of course .  any other ideas for broad topics and / or specific points to mention will be  appreciated . the presentation has to be submitted next week .  many thanks ,  ben",0,presentation integrating market risk credit risk giving min presentation topic eprm energy conference april bulletpoints balancing market risk credit risk achieve reliable estimation total risk incorporating market risk credit risk model calculating probability default using credit risk market risk refining business practice reflect credit risk market risk evaluations proposed approach quickly step practical process modelling credit risk resulting measures expected loss credit var show default probs calculated using bond equity data finally describe credit risk mitigated using credit derivatives plugging enroncredit com course ideas broad topics specific points mention appreciated presentation submitted next week many thanks ben
"Subject: fund raising for mit sloan school  dear vince ,  please find the following description of the program that i would like to  raise additional funding for . i will follow up today with a phone call to  answer any questions you may have .  as always we appreciate your time and support .  thanks ,  jozef  the eastern european students at mit sloan school of management are  preparing an eastern european week to be held in march 2001 . the one - week  long program will familiarize our classmates with many of the countries  that are going through the post communist transformation . as you well know ,  eastern europe has a great deal of opportunities for many companies .  unfortunately , it also presents many obstacles that make most of the  opportunities difficult to capture .  because we believe that we can help to eliminate some of these obstacles ,  we want to bring the eastern european experience to mit sloan school of  management . familiarizing the future business leaders with the countries  is only one step toward reforming eastern europe , but we believe it is  worth our time and effort .  during the week , we plan to bring series of lectures addressing the  business environment in eastern europe . we want to emphasize especially  the success stories from eastern europe . such companies as enron ,  volkswagen , exxonmobil , gm , and ge have entered the eastern european market  and show commitment to stay in it . in at least one panel discussion with  academic experts and industry participants we hope to let everyone know  that eastern europe is a real place for business .  in addition to the educational activities , we are preparing number of  cultural events that will introduce the culture of this area .  the scope of our program depends greatly on the funds we will be able to  raise from our sponsors . in return , we plan to advertise our sponsors in  every activity we will do . we will make banners and any other appropriate  advertising as desired by the sponsor . should a sponsor be willing to send  a speaker for the panel discussion or to give a speech / lecture we would  appreciate the enrichment to our program .  the advertising will reach nearly 700 sloan students and faculty . in  addition , the advertising will reach all newly admitted students , as they  will visit our campus for the admit day ( an official program to sell our  school to the admitted students ) .",0,fund raising mit sloan school dear vince please find following description program would like raise additional funding follow today phone call answer questions may always appreciate time support thanks jozef eastern european students mit sloan school management preparing eastern european week held march one week long program familiarize classmates many countries going post communist transformation well know eastern europe great deal opportunities many companies unfortunately also presents many obstacles make opportunities difficult capture believe help eliminate obstacles want bring eastern european experience mit sloan school management familiarizing future business leaders countries one step toward reforming eastern europe believe worth time effort week plan bring series lectures addressing business environment eastern europe want emphasize especially success stories eastern europe companies enron volkswagen exxonmobil gm ge entered eastern european market show commitment stay least one panel discussion academic experts industry participants hope let everyone know eastern europe real place business addition educational activities preparing number cultural events introduce culture area scope program depends greatly funds able raise sponsors return plan advertise sponsors every activity make banners appropriate advertising desired sponsor sponsor willing send speaker panel discussion give speech lecture would appreciate enrichment program advertising reach nearly sloan students faculty addition advertising reach newly admitted students visit campus admit day official program sell school admitted students
"Subject: project  hi michelle ,  chris , helen and i met this afternoon and discussed about  the project . we think the following course of action is appropriate .  the model interface will be in excel spreadsheet , with most  of the inputs ( from enron as well as from the consultant ) hiding  in an access data base . the access data base can be update  when needed . the engine will be written in visual basis code and  be linked to excel through xll ( or dll ) .  helen has been discussing with ken about various  aspects of the model and will finalize the access data table  form with ken . in the mean time , helen and i will start working  on code this thursday ( she will be in training wednesday ) .  best ,  alex",0,project hi michelle chris helen met afternoon discussed project think following course action appropriate model interface excel spreadsheet inputs enron well consultant hiding access data base access data base update needed engine written visual basis code linked excel xll dll helen discussing ken various aspects model finalize access data table form ken mean time helen start working code thursday training wednesday best alex
"Subject: re : european energy 2000 , april , amsterdam  angela ,  no problem . i shall be glad to do it .  happy holidays if i don ' t hear from you .  vince  "" angela adedeji "" on 12 / 14 / 99 12 : 00 : 40 pm  please respond to "" angela adedeji ""  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : european energy 2000 , april , amsterdam  hi vince  re : european energy 2000 , 3 & 4 april , amsterdam  i hope all is well . i wondered whether or not you would be interested in  chairing the stream of your talk ?  i look forward to hearing from you soon .  kind regards  angela  - attl . htm",0,european energy april amsterdam angela problem shall glad happy holidays hear vince angela adedeji pm please respond angela adedeji vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject european energy april amsterdam hi vince european energy april amsterdam hope well wondered whether would interested chairing stream talk look forward hearing soon kind regards angela attl htm
"Subject: returned mail : can ' t create output  the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 57 : 28 - 0500  from [ 221 . 3 . 33 . 27 ]  - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - -  jodyanddavid . herring @ verizon . net  ( expanded from : )  bowguns  ( expanded from : )  - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - -  . . . while talking to relay . verizon . net . :  > > > rcpt to :  < < < 550 5 . 1 . 1 unknown or illegal alias : jodyanddavid . herring @ verizon . net  550 jodyanddavid . herring @ verizon . net . . . user unknown  procmail : quota exceeded while writing "" / var / spool / mail / bowguns ""  550 bowguns . . . can ' t create output",1,returned mail create output original message received tue jul following addresses permanent fatal errors jodyanddavid herring verizon net expanded bowguns expanded transcript session follows talking relay verizon net rcpt unknown illegal alias jodyanddavid herring verizon net jodyanddavid herring verizon net user unknown procmail quota exceeded writing var spool mail bowguns bowguns create output
"Subject: employment authorization  hi vince ,  last evening i received the employment authorization card from ins , valid for  one year . it seems milenia soto has submitted all the applications but for  some reason she did not receive the receipts .  i really appreciate your help and support .  with regards ,  amitava",0,employment authorization hi vince last evening received employment authorization card ins valid one year seems milenia soto submitted applications reason receive receipts really appreciate help support regards amitava
"Subject: new frbny research : 5 / 3  now available at the new york fed ' s research site :  "" stocks in the household portfolio : a look back at the 1990 s , "" by tracy and  schneider ( current issues 7 , no . 4 )  "" currency orders and exchange - rate dynamics : explaining the success of  technical analysis , "" by osler ( staff report 125 )  "" recent changes in the u . s . business cycle , "" by chauvet and potter ( staff  report 126 )  u . s . and global economies charts , updated every wednesday  in addition , the foreign exchange committee ' s 2000 annual report is now  available  research home page  http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / rmaghome  feel free to forward these messages . to unsubscribe , contact  listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . in the e - mail , type : signoff frbnyrmagl . for  more details : http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / rmaghome / subscribe / subscribe . html .  ?  this notification service is provided to you free of charge . by subscribing  to the service and providing your e - mail address , you agree to waive any  claim against the federal reserve bank of new york for any messages that you  may receive by reason of your subscription to this service and / or any  resultant harm to you and / or your computer from receipt of such messages . ?  the federal reserve bank of new york assumes no responsibility for any  inaccuracies in any messages you may receive as a result of your subscription  to this service .",0,new frbny research available new york fed research site stocks household portfolio look back tracy schneider current issues currency orders exchange rate dynamics explaining success technical analysis osler staff report recent changes u business cycle chauvet potter staff report u global economies charts updated every wednesday addition foreign exchange committee annual report available research home page http www newyorkfed org rmaghome feel free forward messages unsubscribe contact listserv peach ease lsoft com e mail type signoff frbnyrmagl details http www newyorkfed org rmaghome subscribe subscribe html notification service provided free charge subscribing service providing e mail address agree waive claim federal reserve bank new york messages may receive reason subscription service resultant harm computer receipt messages federal reserve bank new york assumes responsibility inaccuracies messages may receive result subscription service
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at mxo 0 . atlanticasp . net .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  user unknown .  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 14123 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 05 : 18 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 61 . 74 . 129 . 210 )  by mxo 0 . atlanticasp . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 05 : 18 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815387 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ workforcemetrics . net  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program mxo atlanticasp net afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work user unknown line copy message return path received qmail invoked network jul received unknown helo mailwisconsin com mxo atlanticasp net smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo info workforcemetrics net user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivable
"Subject: re : contact information  eric ,  thank you for your message . the only other message in my mailbox  from you is dated 6 / 11 / 2000 and contains a reference to a resume i cannot  locate . i checked the log of all the messages and could not find any other  communication from you .  please , send a message with a resume again and we shall go from there .  vince kaminski  eric hilton on 06 / 21 / 2000 08 : 37 : 58 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : contact information  dear mr . kaminski ,  i sent my resume to your well respected company a few weeks ago  in regards to establishing a long - lasting career with them . i never  received a response and was wondering if you knew who was in charge of  the electric power disbatching / scheduling department or know of who i  may contact to inquire this information ? i know you are a very busy  professional and i apologize for the inconvenience . thank you for your  valuable time .  warmest regards ,  eric hilton",0,contact information eric thank message message mailbox dated contains reference resume locate checked log messages could find communication please send message resume shall go vince kaminski eric hilton pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject contact information dear mr kaminski sent resume well respected company weeks ago regards establishing long lasting career never received response wondering knew charge electric power disbatching scheduling department know may contact inquire information know busy professional apologize inconvenience thank valuable time warmest regards eric hilton
"Subject: ees retail risk meeting 1 / 31  this is to confirm a meeting scheduled for today , at 3 : 00 p . the location of  the meeting is eb 2868 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by veronica valdez / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2000  09 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  veronica valdez  01 / 28 / 2000 04 : 22 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , jonathan  le / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees ,  ronnie chahal / hou / ees @ ees , james d steffes / hou / ees @ ees  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , la donna finnels - neal / hou / ees @ ees , vladimir  gorny / hou / ect @ ect , marcia a linton / hou / ees @ ees  subject : meeting  please have your assistant call me to coordinate the meeting listed below .  as per the message , we would like to schedule it on monday , january 31 .  thanks ,  veronica  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by veronica valdez / hou / ect on 01 / 28 / 2000  04 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : vladimir gorny 01 / 27 / 2000 06 : 03 pm  to : veronica valdez / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : meeting  veronica ,  could you please assist me in coordinating the meeting :  topic : ees retail risks  time : monday  invitees : vince kaminski , tanya tamarchenko , jonathan le , grant mason , dennis  benevides , ronnie chahal and jim steffes  i would also like to send the following presentation to the participants  thanks , vlady .",0,ees retail risk meeting confirm meeting scheduled today p location meeting eb forwarded veronica valdez hou ect veronica valdez pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect jonathan le hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect dennis benevides hou ees ees ronnie chahal hou ees ees james steffes hou ees ees cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect la donna finnels neal hou ees ees vladimir gorny hou ect ect marcia linton hou ees ees subject meeting please assistant call coordinate meeting listed per message would like schedule monday january thanks veronica forwarded veronica valdez hou ect pm vladimir gorny pm veronica valdez hou ect ect cc subject meeting veronica could please assist coordinating meeting topic ees retail risks time monday invitees vince kaminski tanya tamarchenko jonathan le grant mason dennis benevides ronnie chahal jim steffes would also like send following presentation participants thanks vlady
Subject: congratulations  vince  congrats on the promotion to md . well deserved and a sign of many years of  real service to the company . not a bit of controvery in the election process .  well done !  john,0,congratulations vince congrats promotion md well deserved sign many years real service company bit controvery election process well done john
"Subject: re : from a previous summer intern  dear giuseppe :  unfortunately , i am no longer with the associate and analyst recruiting department and will be unable to assist you directly . please contact tracy warner , who is now responsible for recruiting . she will be able to assist you directly . tracy can be contacted at tracy . warner @ enron . com . i would also recommend having vince kaminski contact her as well to ensure that all communications are in order .  best regards ,  celeste roberts  giuseppe andrea paleologo @ stanford . edu on 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 53 : 39 pm  please respond to gappy @ stanford . edu  sent by : gappy @ stanford . edu  to : celeste roberts  cc :  subject : from a previous summer intern  celeste , my name is giuseppe a . paleologo and you amy remember me : i was  a summer intern last summer in the research group , and attended the  hiring event this year at stanford . in that occasion i had an informal  offer from vince kaminski , and the assurance that i would receive a  written one in the following two weeks , but since then i have not  received any letter from enron . i would like to know if the offer is  still valid , and if it has been sent . i am asking because i am in the  process of evaluating my offers , and would like to wait for enron before  i make my final decision .  thanks in advance ,  giuseppe paleologo  - -  giuseppe a . paleologo  email : gappy @ stanford . edu  office phone : ( 650 ) 725 - 0541",0,previous summer intern dear giuseppe unfortunately longer associate analyst recruiting department unable assist directly please contact tracy warner responsible recruiting able assist directly tracy contacted tracy warner enron com would also recommend vince kaminski contact well ensure communications order best regards celeste roberts giuseppe andrea paleologo stanford edu pm please respond gappy stanford edu sent gappy stanford edu celeste roberts cc subject previous summer intern celeste name giuseppe paleologo amy remember summer intern last summer research group attended hiring event year stanford occasion informal offer vince kaminski assurance would receive written one following two weeks since received letter enron would like know offer still valid sent asking process evaluating offers would like wait enron make final decision thanks advance giuseppe paleologo giuseppe paleologo email gappy stanford edu office phone
"Subject: exmar purchase decision  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rick buy / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 34 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  john sherriff  05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 21 pm  to : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , david  haug / enron _ development @ enron _ development , doug  rotenberg / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rick  bergsieker / enron _ development @ enron _ development , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : exmar purchase decision  i just got off the phone with jeff skilling to make my pitch for doing the  exmar deal . he said that he generally understands the logic of the deal but  simply  wants the risk management discipine applied to analzing the position ( a  reiteration of what rick buy had said in our meeting today ) . i would simply  ask vince ' s team to take a quick look tommorow at valuing the ships as stand  alone positions with a guess at the volatility based on historical price  movements . this would  be much easier than the rainbow option approach and would allow us to roughly  look at the value of the options on the other two ships . in other words we  could look at two ship long positions with some implied volatilities and  also estimate daily vars on the ships as if they were mark to market  ( although i agree with david that we will not likely be able to mark the  ships because they will be treated as leases ) .  john  john  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john sherriff / lon / ect on 22 / 05 / 2000 19 : 05  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  joe gold  22 / 05 / 2000 18 : 58  to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : exmar purchase decision  john ,  after spending a few minutes with our shipping experts in the coal and oil  groups , i have a slightly different angle on the exmar lng vessel decision .  i would ideally like to spend the time to analyse this purchase as we do  power and gas positions . unfortunately , we do not have that luxury and  sometimes , in absence of true analytics , the most rudimentary measures can  provide the best decision tools . here is how we would make the decision :  1 ) our shipping expert confirms that $ 140 million for a 135 , 000 ton ship  represents a good price relative to new build costs over the last three years  and that quotes have been trending up past that number recently . he also  confirms that the current trough is the result of the default of several far  east buyers and that new lng orders and other ship building ( cruise liners )  have reduced the over capacity . his experience and historic analysis has  suggested that the pricing cycle for lng ships lasts for a significant  period . new efficiency measures should reduce new build prices ( and allow  for a lower trough ) , but not by an extreme amount versus the $ 140 million  cost of this vessel .  pierre normally likes to roll time charters ; however , this is difficult in an  illiquid shipping market like lng . he would purchase this ship if the lng  shipping book were his to manage . he estimates the ship could be sold in a  distressed sale for $ 110 million and could be potentially time chartered on a  long term basis at a value of up to $ 200 million .  2 ) our development teams in spain , italy and turkey have been trying to  solve the big question - gas . in each country , the key to developing a  merchant plant is securing gas flexibility or at least securing negotiating  leverage with the monopoly gas supplier . it is questionable whether or not  this decision will have an immediate impact on arcos . the plant ' s time line  and the realities of the lng supply market may require that we commit to gas  natural before any source of 3 to 5 year gas can be secured . the shear  threat of being able to bring spot or term lng to these markets will improve  our negotiating leverage and / or allow us to create flexibility . going  forward , however , other potential plant opportunities in spain , and elsewhere  in the med region , may have the capacity to utilise these vessels . i think  that this flexibility is worth at least $ 25 million to me .  3 ) i would summarise : upside $ 60 + $ 25 = $ 85 million  downside ( $ 30 ) + $ 25 = ( $ 5 ) million  i would do it .  i will leave the rest to you .  joe",0,exmar purchase decision fyi forwarded rick buy hou ect pm john sherriff pm rick buy hou ect ect joe gold lon ect ect david haug enron development enron development doug rotenberg enron development enron development rick bergsieker enron development enron development vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject exmar purchase decision got phone jeff skilling make pitch exmar deal said generally understands logic deal simply wants risk management discipine applied analzing position reiteration rick buy said meeting today would simply ask vince team take quick look tommorow valuing ships stand alone positions guess volatility based historical price movements would much easier rainbow option approach would allow us roughly look value options two ships words could look two ship long positions implied volatilities also estimate daily vars ships mark market although agree david likely able mark ships treated leases john john forwarded john sherriff lon ect joe gold john sherriff lon ect ect cc subject exmar purchase decision john spending minutes shipping experts coal oil groups slightly different angle exmar lng vessel decision would ideally like spend time analyse purchase power gas positions unfortunately luxury sometimes absence true analytics rudimentary measures provide best decision tools would make decision shipping expert confirms million ton ship represents good price relative new build costs last three years quotes trending past number recently also confirms current trough result default several far east buyers new lng orders ship building cruise liners reduced capacity experience historic analysis suggested pricing cycle lng ships lasts significant period new efficiency measures reduce new build prices allow lower trough extreme amount versus million cost vessel pierre normally likes roll time charters however difficult illiquid shipping market like lng would purchase ship lng shipping book manage estimates ship could sold distressed sale million could potentially time chartered long term basis value million development teams spain italy turkey trying solve big question gas country key developing merchant plant securing gas flexibility least securing negotiating leverage monopoly gas supplier questionable whether decision immediate impact arcos plant time line realities lng supply market may require commit gas natural source year gas secured shear threat able bring spot term lng markets improve negotiating leverage allow us create flexibility going forward however potential plant opportunities spain elsewhere med region may capacity utilise vessels think flexibility worth least million would summarise upside million downside million would leave rest joe
"Subject: re : lap - top  kevin :  tricia asked hector ( hardware tech ) to hold the machine until today and that  she would call with a good time to drop off the laptop . the laptop is  configured and ready to go . please advise .  regards ,  steve andrews  kevin g moore  01 / 05 / 2000 11 : 26 am  to : stephen andrews / hou / ect @ ect , patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : lap - top  hello ,  we ordered a lap - top for trisha tlapek and we are still  waiting . .  could you please provide me with information concerning  this .  # 991815 .  thanks  kevin moore  x 34710",0,lap top kevin tricia asked hector hardware tech hold machine today would call good time drop laptop laptop configured ready go please advise regards steve andrews kevin g moore stephen andrews hou ect ect patricia tlapek hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject lap top hello ordered lap top trisha tlapek still waiting could please provide information concerning thanks kevin moore x
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ail listed software is available for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few exampies :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe !  best regards ,  loni ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions qerman french spanish uk many others ail listed software available immediate download need wait week cd delivery exampies norton lnternet security pro windows xp professionai sp fuii version corel draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciuding macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianguaqe best regards loni
"Subject: meetings next week  hi guys ,  vince talked with christie and they both are available next tuesday ( game  day ) at 9 am . can you meet then to start preparing an outline ?  also would you be up for a presentation at the research group ' s lunch meeting  next thursday ? vince will be out , but you ' ll undoubtably get some  interesting questions from others at the meeting , if your up for it . let me  know soon , and we can schedule you for next thursday .  talk to you later  ken",0,meetings next week hi guys vince talked christie available next tuesday game day meet start preparing outline also would presentation research group lunch meeting next thursday vince undoubtably get interesting questions others meeting let know soon schedule next thursday talk later ken
"Subject: high growth investing for tomorrow  high growth investing  company ceo interviewsemerging technologies new trends to watchindustry statistics  view pdf  are americans and the rest of the world becoming  addicted to online gaming ? analysts predict over  $ 14 billion dollars a year will go to online casinos  gaming stocks may be set to explode !  read the full  10 page report  includes inside :  company profile : gaming transactions inc .  this publicly traded company looks like it has what it takes to become  a big player in the online gambling world . could it be the next payoff  for investors ? . . . more  the online gambling market  given the rate at which this market is expanding across the planet , the  outlook for the online gaming industry looks very positive . do the  numbers add up for investors ? . . . more  how big could it get ?  online gaming has become a seriously big business , with shares in some  companies increasing by up to eight times inside a year . . . . more  pick of the month : ggts  gaming transactions operates in one of the fastest growing industries  around and has an experienced management team . early investors , who get  in before the institutional investors , could make a fortune . . . . more  ggts : ceo interview  patrick smyth and stephen white head up company dedicated to bringing the next generation of online gaming . . . read full interview  the asian market  according to the diffusion group and game trust , china will become the # 1 online gaming market by 2007 . . . . more  investors are making huge gains as the world bets online .  could gaming transactions inc . ( gtts ) be the next stock to rock ?  recently ,  we read an article in the economist that highlighted online gaming and  how it has become a socially acceptable form of entertainment . over the  next few days , as we thought about what sort of impact this trend could  have , we started to notice that online gambling was being discussed all  over the media - in newspapers , online and on television . it became  obvious to us that more and more people were jumping on the internet to  bet on games . we also came across some staggering statistics .  merrill lynch , for example , has predicted that gambling has the  potential to account for a full 1 % of global economic activity ! another  source , ecommercetimes . com , recently reported that the scope of this  business is so enormous that some have even claimed that it is the  single most important factor in the growth of e - commerce . the online  gaming industry , in other words , appears to be booming , and it may be  an ideal time to is time to invest .  we decided to  find out who the key players were in the business . after speaking with  a number of industry insiders , the trail led us to an emerging ,  publicly traded company called gaming transactions inc . ( ggts ) . after a  close look at ggts , we decided that this company could produce huge returns on investment in the upcoming months .  although  ggts is a new company , it has some surprisingly experienced players at  the helm an uncommon thing to find in an industry only ten years old .  the company has come out with online versions of the addictive game keno .  and its management team was smart enough to secure the rights to the  keno . com website , which , if youre marketing keno , is as good as it  gets . keno has the widest spread for the house of any mainstream  gambling game . ggts is also about to launch a suite of other online  gambling games , including poker and sports - book betting . once it offers  these popular games , and given that it already has keno . com online , the  company could bring in great revenues , attracting a lot of attention in  the investment community and driving up its stock price .  after a successful north american launch ,  gaming transactions inc . ( gtts ) has translated its games into chinese  and is about to hit asia . this initiative looks like a wise business  decision : many analysis anticipate that china will be the biggest  source of online gambling revenue by 2007 , so the company could be poised for massive expansion in terms of both profits and global reach .  what  does all this tell us ? a brand new company , a popular , well - known game ,  one of the biggest spreads for the house , a growing market , experienced  management , and a stock price that is trading under a dollar it adds up to the potential for huge gains for early investors . if youre interested in more information on the market and gaming transactions inc . , click here to read a free ten - page report . . .  to join market movers mailings http : / / ggtsstock . com to find out more .  first source data inc .  4535 west sahara ave # 217  las vegas nevada 89102  disclosure and disclaimer  investment news indepth reports ( hereinafter inir ) , operated by first  source data , inc . ( hereinafter fsd ) , is a business news publication  of regular and general circulation . this issue is not a research  report , does not purport to provide an analysis of any companys  financial position , and is not in any way to be construed as an offer  or solicitation to buy or sell any security . gaming transactions inc .  ( hereinafter ggts ) is the featured company . fsd managed the  publishing and distribution of this publication . the information  contained herein is being republished in reliance on statements made by  ggts management , and publicly disseminated information issued by third  parties regarding ggts and the online gaming industry , which are  presumed to be reliable , but neither fsd nor its editors , employees , or  agents accept any responsibility for the accuracy of such statements or  information , or the contents herein which are derived therefrom .  readers should independently verify all statements made in this  advertisement .  fsd has received compensation for the production and distribution of  this newsletter . the compensation received is in the amount of one  hundred and twenty eight thousand dollars and was received from  accelerated capital limited ( hereinafter acl ) for this advertising  effort . acl is a shareholder of ggts . because fsd received compensation  for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the  statements and opinions contained in this newsletter and such  statements and opinions cannot be considered independent .  internet - based companies , and those involving online gaming in  particular , are almost always very high risk investments , and investors  should be aware that they could potentially lose any investment made in  such companies in its entirety . we strongly encourage readers to  undertake their own due diligence to decide the best course of action  in connection with any investment decision that they might make . any  investment should be made only after consulting with a qualified  investment advisor .  media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dtel 071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .",1,high growth investing tomorrow high growth investing company ceo interviewsemerging technologies new trends watchindustry statistics view pdf americans rest world becoming addicted online gaming analysts predict billion dollars year go online casinos gaming stocks may set explode read full page report includes inside company profile gaming transactions inc publicly traded company looks like takes become big player online gambling world could next payoff investors online gambling market given rate market expanding across planet outlook online gaming industry looks positive numbers add investors big could get online gaming become seriously big business shares companies increasing eight times inside year pick month ggts gaming transactions operates one fastest growing industries around experienced management team early investors get institutional investors could make fortune ggts ceo interview patrick smyth stephen white head company dedicated bringing next generation online gaming read full interview asian market according diffusion group game trust china become online gaming market investors making huge gains world bets online could gaming transactions inc gtts next stock rock recently read article economist highlighted online gaming become socially acceptable form entertainment next days thought sort impact trend could started notice online gambling discussed media newspapers online television became obvious us people jumping internet bet games also came across staggering statistics merrill lynch example predicted gambling potential account full global economic activity another source ecommercetimes com recently reported scope business enormous even claimed single important factor growth e commerce online gaming industry words appears booming may ideal time time invest decided find key players business speaking number industry insiders trail led us emerging publicly traded company called gaming transactions inc ggts close look ggts decided company could produce huge returns investment upcoming months although ggts new company surprisingly experienced players helm uncommon thing find industry ten years old company come online versions addictive game keno management team smart enough secure rights keno com website youre marketing keno good gets keno widest spread house mainstream gambling game ggts also launch suite online gambling games including poker sports book betting offers popular games given already keno com online company could bring great revenues attracting lot attention investment community driving stock price successful north american launch gaming transactions inc gtts translated games chinese hit asia initiative looks like wise business decision many analysis anticipate china biggest source online gambling revenue company could poised massive expansion terms profits global reach tell us brand new company popular well known game one biggest spreads house growing market experienced management stock price trading dollar adds potential huge gains early investors youre interested information market gaming transactions inc click read free ten page report join market movers mailings http ggtsstock com find first source data inc west sahara ave las vegas nevada disclosure disclaimer investment news indepth reports hereinafter inir operated first source data inc hereinafter fsd business news publication regular general circulation issue research report purport provide analysis companys financial position way construed offer solicitation buy sell security gaming transactions inc hereinafter ggts featured company fsd managed publishing distribution publication information contained herein republished reliance statements made ggts management publicly disseminated information issued third parties regarding ggts online gaming industry presumed reliable neither fsd editors employees agents accept responsibility accuracy statements information contents herein derived therefrom readers independently verify statements made advertisement fsd received compensation production distribution newsletter compensation received amount one hundred twenty eight thousand dollars received accelerated capital limited hereinafter acl advertising effort acl shareholder ggts fsd received compensation services inherent conflict interest statements opinions contained newsletter statements opinions considered independent internet based companies involving online gaming particular almost always high risk investments investors aware could potentially lose investment made companies entirety strongly encourage readers undertake due diligence decide best course action connection investment decision might make investment made consulting qualified investment advisor media matrix county rd dtel lake mary fl e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: re : enron case study update  wow ! all on the same day . that ' s super . thank you so very much . vince  is coming up to baylor on monday of next week and we will hash out our  question list then .  thanks  john  at 04 : 54 pm 11 / 6 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  > good afternoon john ,  >  > i just want to drop you a line to update you re : andy fastow . i have  > confirmed a one hour interview slot with mr . fastow in monday , december 4 th  > from  > 11 : 00 a . m . - noon . this is in addition to your schedule interviews with  > mr . lay and mr . skilling - outline below .  >  > if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me at  > 713 - 853 - 5670 .  >  > regards ,  >  > cindy  >  >  > - - - - - forwarded by cindy derecskey / corp / enron on 11 / 06 / 2000 04 : 49 pm - - - - -  >  > cindy  > derecskey to : "" john martin ""  > cc : vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  > 10 / 31 / 2000 subject : re : enron case  study ( document link : cindy derecskey )  > 01 : 44 pm  >  >  >  >  >  > good afternoon john ,  >  > i hope things are well with you . i am writing to update you on the status  > of your meetings with andy fastow , ken lay and jeff skilling . i have  > arranged the following meeting dates and times with ken lay and jeff  > skilling , ( i am still trying to work with andy fastow ' s schedule ) :  >  > jeff skilling  > december 4 th  > 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m .  >  > ken lay  > december 4 th  > 3 : 30 - 4 : 30 p . m .  >  > also , i will attempt to schedule the meeting with andy fastow for december  > 4 th for convenience - this will also allow us to possibly schedule  > additional meetings for the 5 th ( as needed ) . i will let you know as soon  > as i ' m successful .  >  > regards ,  >  > cindy derecskey  > university affairs  > enron corp .  >  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,enron case study update wow day super thank much vince coming baylor monday next week hash question list thanks john pm wrote good afternoon john want drop line update andy fastow confirmed one hour interview slot mr fastow monday december th noon addition schedule interviews mr lay mr skilling outline questions please hesitate contact regards cindy forwarded cindy derecskey corp enron pm cindy derecskey john martin cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect christie patrick hou ect ect subject enron case study document link cindy derecskey pm good afternoon john hope things well writing update status meetings andy fastow ken lay jeff skilling arranged following meeting dates times ken lay jeff skilling still trying work andy fastow schedule jeff skilling december th p ken lay december th p also attempt schedule meeting andy fastow december th convenience also allow us possibly schedule additional meetings th needed let know soon successful regards cindy derecskey university affairs enron corp john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
