text,spam,processed_text
"Subject: industry giants can ' t match this opportunity  another ground breaking news alert from rlyc .  the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts .  one company is quickly entering a $ 2 trillion market space with a proposed portfolio of product and service offerings that even the largest multi - national corporations in its industry may have a hard time matching . in just a few months , this company has begun adding and developing innovative new products and targeting acquisitions that could help it reach millions of new long - term customers that could generate tremendous re - occurring revenues for many years to come .  although you have probably never heard of this company , you may soon hear of it even if you don ' t continue reading this message . that ' s because it is making a major push to put its products in the hands of a half million people in the u . s . within the next year .  an upstart company to make a real impact in a two trillion dollar industry  in reality , this company ' s lack of early recognition could be a major plus for you . since the overwhelming majority of investors and institutions don ' t know this company or what they plan to accomplish , their stock is trading at rock bottom prices . but , if they do accomplish even a small part of what they have set out to do over the coming months and years , this company could become a significant player in its trillion dollar industry and its stock reflect its accomplishments .  the company that we ' ll introduce you to today is ( relay capital corp . pink sheets : rlyc ) . rlyc , which recently went public , is a multi - faceted financial services company that focuses primarily on the stored value card market . rlyc ' s present product and service offerings include pre - paid stored - value cards , reward cards , employee payroll cards , gift , retail and affinity group cards , travel cards and funds transfer cards . these services are aimed at a significant market both domestically and internationally .  just because a company is in a large and growing industry doesn ' t necessarily ensure that it will be a winner . in order to be successful , that company also needs to be truly innovative , have very strong partners , be able to reach vast customer bases and have a management team capable of putting it all together and turning its goals into reality . rlyc appears to be that company .  below we ' ll discuss this substantial potential market rlyc is after and what sets rlyc apart from the competition .  the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts .  stored - value cards have the potential to help the 50 million adults and their families who have been excluded from the e - commerce revolution because they do not have access to credit or banking facilities . the implications reverberate across industry segments . estimates suggest stored - value transactions could exceed $ 2 trillion in just a few years .  rlyc ' s focus is on providing stored - value cards to the un - banked and under - banked . these terms refer to consumers that that do not have a bank account , debit card . the size of that group is staggering that ' s about one - third of the nation ' s work force !  rlyc capitalizes on the dilemma these consumers face by providing stored - value card programs that make it easy , fast and secure for people and businesses to buy all manners of goods and services using stored - value cards as well as for the un - banked and under - banked to be paid their salaries via the same cards .  but that ' s not all . the benefits relay will offer on its stored value cards as well as other financial services will also be of great benefit to those who already have banking relationships . in this segment , relay plans to offer more services with greater convenience for less cost to the consumer . who wouldn ' t want that ? the payroll market is another enormous market for rlyc  for the under - and un - banked , collecting their pay , cashing payroll checks and then paying bills with those funds can be extremely complicated and time consuming . rlyc ' s stored - value pay transfer card program presents a very effective and innovative solution for this problem .  rlyc ' s pay transfer card program can lower costs to employers to process payroll for the banked and the un - banked alike ! lower costs to cardholders to potentially transfer cash between u . s . cards , cards in foreign countries , and services bought through the cards , improved employee retention , improved customer retention will all be available thanks to rlyc . various programs will make life much easier for cardholders using the system , while also providing the convenience and flexibility of either visa or mastercard purchasing power or 24 hour access to their money through atms .  rlyc signs loi with national staffing company to use its pay transfer cards  earlier this year , rlyc signed a binding letter of intent to provide a pay transfer card program for asgard global resources llc ( click to go to their site ) , a leader in providing technical , craft and administrative staffing services to businesses , industry and government through locations in houston , dallas , long island , orlando , phoenix and southern california all areas with huge un - and under - banked populations .  the potential market for this service is really big . it includes large employers , companies that process payroll and financial institutions that provide banking and payroll services to commercial customers .  this system will simplify payments to widely dispersed employees and contractors while dramatically decreasing payroll distribution by offering a cost effective alternative to printing , cutting , and mailing paper payroll checks . it also helps to reduce a great deal of paper processing of checks and pay , eliminate lost checks , stop payments and minimize fraud . but best of all , this should help to significantly boost rlyc ' s revenues .  $ 150 billion sent worldwide by relatives to home countries  mexicans in u . s . send $ 16 . 3 billion a year back to mexico  with $ 150 billion being transferred internationally each year , remittances are a really big business . in times past , people wanting to send money to relatives back in their home countries had few choices . many times their only choice was an expensive proposition like western union . more recently , more and more people have resorted to purchasing and mailing money orders in order to try to cut down on the cost of sending remittances .  the problems with traditional money transfer methods  with wire services , there are any number of inherent problems when trying to send money to relatives overseas . first , wiring funds across borders can be expensive . this can make it very cost - prohibitive to send smaller amounts of cash and often means that relatives must wait longer to receive their remittances because the sender has to save up until the amount is large enough to warrant the cost associated with the wire service . next there is the problem of logistics . both the sender and the recipient must be able to easily reach a storefront that offers the same wire company ' s services . even if they both are able to do this , the recipient may have to make multiple trips to the wire service office to check to see if their funds have cleared yet and can be released to them . lastly , the sender and the recipient are subjected to varying service fees depending on which wire service they choose . these fees can be very high and can significantly cut into the amount of money the recipient ultimately receives . so , even though using a wire service may be a fairly fast way to transfer money , it can be very expensive and logistically difficult to use .  with money orders there is always the problem of mail service . although in america we have grown accustomed to relatively quick and reliable mail service , this is not always the case in foreign countries . this is especially true in underdeveloped nations , where most remittances are sent . a letter containing a remittance that a family is depending on to provide much needed food and shelter could take many days or even weeks to arrive . and , there is always the chance that it will never arrive at its destination at all , meaning that the sender ' s family could go hungry or end up on the streets .  what is the best way to send remittances ?  by far the most convenient , fast , safe and ultimately cost efficient method to send remittances is through a stored - value card . with this type of service , a person can easily activate a card and then just deposit funds into the account ( onto the card ) via loading station , telephone or the internet for easy use by relatives in his or her home country .  the process is extremely easy and cost - effective . funds can be added to the card ' s account at an ever increasing number of convenient locations . the family member overseas can then draw down on those funds by presenting a card from that account to make purchases or they can use the card to withdraw cash from atms . it could not be any simpler .  rlyc has already begun filling orders  in june of this year , rlyc announced that it had received its first order for 2 , 000 pin - based stored value cards . the company stated that its growth estimates call for approximately 2 , 000 new stored - value cards being put into circulation each month . this could result in exponential revenue growth as new customers are added and its customers take advantage of its other financial services . moreover , though other programs it is working on , it could have one half million cards in the market within the next 18 months .  rlyc plans to expand its services through partner companies and one - stop financial centers  rlyc expects to fuel exponential growth of recurring revenue from individual card usage , monthly fees , as well as other activities occurring at its loading centers or the virtual financial centers it is planning . loading centers are retail locations , such as convenience stores , check cashing facilities or other types of retail facilities serving to dispense or receive cash facilitating transactions for the debit card consumer . rlyc has already established strategic relationships with leading card processors , vendors and distributors , and is in program development with key partners that may bring over 100 , 000 retail locations and a host of great opportunities to dramatically increase its brand recognition .  rlyc plans a host of new financial products and service offerings  some of the products and services rlyc plans to be launching in the coming months include commercial , auto and sba loans , mortgages , all types of affinity group ( loyalty / rewards ) cards , pharmacy discount cards , certificates of deposit ( cd ' s ) , health savings accounts and health and life insurance . rylc is expanding extremely rapidly and at this pace , should gain a whole lot of exposure to the investment community f - a - s - t ! ! !  rlyc plans to grow through joint ventures and acquisitions  through a well - planned strategy to partner with major players in the financial services industry and through key acquisitions of complimentary companies , rlyc plans to fuel its growth . it has begun identifying and will negotiate business joint ventures , acquisitions and partnerships within the stored value card industry .  rlyc is positioned to offer expanded payroll products as well as define a niche market for its private label stored value solutions . with corporate network ' s assistance , it expects to add new and expansive products linked to its card platform and provide its customers with a growing range of superior products and increased customer loyalty .  rlyc plans to enter the emerging high growth health savings account ( hsa ) market  rlyc has entered into an agreement in principle with mydaily corp . , an employee benefit and financial services company , to provide health saving account ( hsa ) stored value debit cards that will enable employees to easily pay routine medical bills with pre - tax dollars .  health savings accounts ( hsa ) are tax - sheltered savings accounts similar to an ira , but earmarked for medical expenses and are part of a high deductible insurance plan . deposits are 100 % tax - deductible for the self - employed and for employees of companies that offer an hsa .  this could be an enormous new market for rlyc  it is estimated that all millions of non - elderly americans will soon have access to a health savings account , creating a market of unprecedented potential . in fact , due to the rising costs of employer - sponsored health plans , it is also estimated that one in every two major employers in the united states is considering consumer directed health plans and hsa for their employees .  experienced stored value card and financial services industry executive named ceo of relay capital corp .  e . reese bogle iii , experienced financial services and stored value card industry executive , has been named relay ' s . most recently he was one of the founders , and served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of interstate net bank ( www . isnbank . com ) , establishing it as a visa principal member .  prior to this , mr . bogle , was vp of e * trade bank ' s corporate development and strategic alliances group and president of telebanc insurance services , inc . he also served as vp and marketing director of premium bank , and held a variety of managerial and marketing positions at leading financial services companies .  relay will be adding real depth experience to its management team  the next step is to bring a well qualified management team to relay capital said mr . bogle . once the team is onboard , we intend to build relay capital into a diversified financial services provider that , in addition to looking for exponential growth of recurring revenue generated from individual stored card usage , as well as other financial service activities occurring at our card loading centers or its virtual financial centers , we potentially plan to provide : commercial loans , auto loans , sba loans , mortgages , certificates of deposit ( cd ' s ) , health benefits ( dental , vision ) , life insurance benefits , pharmacy drug discounts , loyalty and reward programs , and shopping discount programs .  with innovative products and services targeted to trillion dollar market ; a host of powerful partners ; key acquisitions in the works ; orders already coming in ; and a top - notch management team to bring it all together , rlyc seems to be headed for sunny skies .  this company will not remain below the radar screens of wall street ' s mover shakers or even the average investor for much longer . . . if you are on the lookout for companies that have what it takes to experience rapid growth , but are still trading at rock bottom prices , you should call your financial advisor today about relay capital corp . ( rlyc . pk ) .  e - mail  first name  last name  phone number  this program is expected to be huge and could make a tremendous amount of money for rlyc ! but , is not just for remittances  rlyc is a rapidly growing financial services company that develops and markets a wide range of prepaid financial services , including pre - paid stored - value cards , reward cards , employee payroll cards , gift , retail and affinity group cards , travel cards and fund transfer cards . it encompasses both the marketing and distribution of pre - paid and pay - transfer cards in concert with the development of loading centers . loading centers are retail locations , such as convenience stores , check cashing facilities or other types of retail facilities serving to dispense or receive cash facilitating transactions for the stored - value card consumer .  rlyc offers great stored - value solution and the potential to make millions !  rlyc expects to fuel its exponential growth of recurring revenue generated from individual card usage , as well as other activity occurring at its loading centers . beyond card / transaction income , relay has set its sites on providing additional financial services such as :  - commercial loans  - auto loans  - sba loans  - mortgages in all 50 states  - certificates of deposit ( cd ' s )  - health benefits ( dental , vision )  - life insurance benefits  - pharmacy / drug discounts  - loyalty / rewards type programs  - shopping discount programs  - merchant processing  - stored value cards  - debit cards  - gift cards  - cross - border transactions  - overdraft on the cards instead of expensive payday loans  the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts .  rlyc already has powerful partners  technology alliance group ( tag )  since 1994 , the world class data center operation , now known as tag , has supported "" mission critical "" applications for companies of all sizes and in all lines of business on a worldwide basis , including several fortune 500 companies . the core product suites supported by tag have included mainframe outsourcing , internet hosting solutions and a wide variety of disaster backup and recovery alternatives . as with all its client relationships , tag brings to relay capital a highly securetechnology infrastructure to support its corporate web presence , email , interactive voice response ( ivr ) system and support of all future financial service offerings . with over 10 years of experience supporting the financial industry alone , including nearly 50 u . s . banks and others worldwide , tag offers a tremendous knowledge base in the financial marketplace .  cabbage solutions  the principles of cabbage bring an accumulated 50 + years of experience in the financial industry . credentials include 12 years with the federal reserve system , vendor experience in all types of software and hardware solutions , as well as a variety of gift card , stored value card and debit card programs . in addition to its vast industry knowledge , cabbage also brings a vital component known as internet and data security . in today ' s world it is becoming widely agreed upon that a company ' s most valuable asset is it ' s data . once again , the principles of cabbage bring credentials including having been the president of the arizona fbi ' s cyber terrorism group known as infragard . access to several worldwide terrorist alert systems also keeps cabbage in a proactive position to protect its clients from newly released threats to the public internet .  great business strategy : relay capital corp . is getting attention because rlyc has the right technology , at the right time , in the right markets . rlyc has a strong management team , world - class partners , and great new products that are ideal for multiple markets .  strong management team : the new ceo of relay capital corp . is e . reese bogle iii , who is best known for having co - founded and served as an officer of interstate net bank ( www . isnbank . com ) . mr . bogle is building the management team with experienced executives who are known and respected in the financial services industry .  world - class strategic partners : rlyc ' s strategic partner for transaction processing is an industry leader . rlyc ' s business operations are ready for expansion in response to growing demand for relay capital ' s stored - value cards . rlyc is also exploring opportunities to partner with some of the leading brands in consumer goods .  innovative stored - value products : relay capital ' s stored - value cards are helping families , businesses , and communities to go about their daily lives in a better way , using rlyc stored - value cards for transferring money , banking , and adding many new benefits to participation .  rlyc has the right managers strategic partners for multi - million - dollar revenues and industry leadership .  for more information , click here  company : relay capital corp .  otc - pink sheet : rlyc  industries : financial services ,  retailing , health care  product : prepaid mc / visa cards and other financial services  to join market movers mailings click here to find out more .  highland inc .  2000 worthy down  chriss church barbados wi  l . davies 246 - 418 - 0920  disclaimer and sec compliance  the information contained in this publication is for informational purposes only , and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security . investing in micro - cap penny stocks should be considered as extremely speculative and risky as it may result in a loss of all or some of your investment . highland inc . is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer . highland inc . received compensation for this newsletter service for rlyc . the compensation is fifty thousand from a non - affiliated third party . because highland inc . is receiving compensation for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered independent . highland inc . makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity of the facts presented nor does the publisher represent a warrant that all material facts are necessary to make an investment decision presented above . factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without notice . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of sec . 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and sec . 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements .  media matrix 7025 county rd . , 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,industry giants match opportunity another ground breaking news alert rlyc potential stored value debit card market united states alone approximately million people million maintain active stored value debit card accounts one company quickly entering trillion market space proposed portfolio product service offerings even largest multi national corporations industry may hard time matching months company begun adding developing innovative new products targeting acquisitions could help reach millions new long term customers could generate tremendous occurring revenues many years come although probably never heard company may soon hear even continue reading message making major push put products hands half million people u within next year upstart company make real impact two trillion dollar industry reality company lack early recognition could major plus since overwhelming majority investors institutions know company plan accomplish stock trading rock bottom prices accomplish even small part set coming months years company could become significant player trillion dollar industry stock reflect accomplishments company introduce today relay capital corp pink sheets rlyc rlyc recently went public multi faceted financial services company focuses primarily stored value card market rlyc present product service offerings include pre paid stored value cards reward cards employee payroll cards gift retail affinity group cards travel cards funds transfer cards services aimed significant market domestically internationally company large growing industry necessarily ensure winner order successful company also needs truly innovative strong partners able reach vast customer bases management team capable putting together turning goals reality rlyc appears company discuss substantial potential market rlyc sets rlyc apart competition potential stored value debit card market united states alone approximately million people million maintain active stored value debit card accounts stored value cards potential help million adults families excluded e commerce revolution access credit banking facilities implications reverberate across industry segments estimates suggest stored value transactions could exceed trillion years rlyc focus providing stored value cards un banked banked terms refer consumers bank account debit card size group staggering one third nation work force rlyc capitalizes dilemma consumers face providing stored value card programs make easy fast secure people businesses buy manners goods services using stored value cards well un banked banked paid salaries via cards benefits relay offer stored value cards well financial services also great benefit already banking relationships segment relay plans offer services greater convenience less cost consumer want payroll market another enormous market rlyc un banked collecting pay cashing payroll checks paying bills funds extremely complicated time consuming rlyc stored value pay transfer card program presents effective innovative solution problem rlyc pay transfer card program lower costs employers process payroll banked un banked alike lower costs cardholders potentially transfer cash u cards cards foreign countries services bought cards improved employee retention improved customer retention available thanks rlyc various programs make life much easier cardholders using system also providing convenience flexibility either visa mastercard purchasing power hour access money atms rlyc signs loi national staffing company use pay transfer cards earlier year rlyc signed binding letter intent provide pay transfer card program asgard global resources llc click go site leader providing technical craft administrative staffing services businesses industry government locations houston dallas long island orlando phoenix southern california areas huge un banked populations potential market service really big includes large employers companies process payroll financial institutions provide banking payroll services commercial customers system simplify payments widely dispersed employees contractors dramatically decreasing payroll distribution offering cost effective alternative printing cutting mailing paper payroll checks also helps reduce great deal paper processing checks pay eliminate lost checks stop payments minimize fraud best help significantly boost rlyc revenues billion sent worldwide relatives home countries mexicans u send billion year back mexico billion transferred internationally year remittances really big business times past people wanting send money relatives back home countries choices many times choice expensive proposition like western union recently people resorted purchasing mailing money orders order try cut cost sending remittances problems traditional money transfer methods wire services number inherent problems trying send money relatives overseas first wiring funds across borders expensive make cost prohibitive send smaller amounts cash often means relatives must wait longer receive remittances sender save amount large enough warrant cost associated wire service next problem logistics sender recipient must able easily reach storefront offers wire company services even able recipient may make multiple trips wire service office check see funds cleared yet released lastly sender recipient subjected varying service fees depending wire service choose fees high significantly cut amount money recipient ultimately receives even though using wire service may fairly fast way transfer money expensive logistically difficult use money orders always problem mail service although america grown accustomed relatively quick reliable mail service always case foreign countries especially true underdeveloped nations remittances sent letter containing remittance family depending provide much needed food shelter could take many days even weeks arrive always chance never arrive destination meaning sender family could go hungry end streets best way send remittances far convenient fast safe ultimately cost efficient method send remittances stored value card type service person easily activate card deposit funds account onto card via loading station telephone internet easy use relatives home country process extremely easy cost effective funds added card account ever increasing number convenient locations family member overseas draw funds presenting card account make purchases use card withdraw cash atms could simpler rlyc already begun filling orders june year rlyc announced received first order pin based stored value cards company stated growth estimates call approximately new stored value cards put circulation month could result exponential revenue growth new customers added customers take advantage financial services moreover though programs working could one half million cards market within next months rlyc plans expand services partner companies one stop financial centers rlyc expects fuel exponential growth recurring revenue individual card usage monthly fees well activities occurring loading centers virtual financial centers planning loading centers retail locations convenience stores check cashing facilities types retail facilities serving dispense receive cash facilitating transactions debit card consumer rlyc already established strategic relationships leading card processors vendors distributors program development key partners may bring retail locations host great opportunities dramatically increase brand recognition rlyc plans host new financial products service offerings products services rlyc plans launching coming months include commercial auto sba loans mortgages types affinity group loyalty rewards cards pharmacy discount cards certificates deposit cd health savings accounts health life insurance rylc expanding extremely rapidly pace gain whole lot exposure investment community f rlyc plans grow joint ventures acquisitions well planned strategy partner major players financial services industry key acquisitions complimentary companies rlyc plans fuel growth begun identifying negotiate business joint ventures acquisitions partnerships within stored value card industry rlyc positioned offer expanded payroll products well define niche market private label stored value solutions corporate network assistance expects add new expansive products linked card platform provide customers growing range superior products increased customer loyalty rlyc plans enter emerging high growth health savings account hsa market rlyc entered agreement principle mydaily corp employee benefit financial services company provide health saving account hsa stored value debit cards enable employees easily pay routine medical bills pre tax dollars health savings accounts hsa tax sheltered savings accounts similar ira earmarked medical expenses part high deductible insurance plan deposits tax deductible self employed employees companies offer hsa could enormous new market rlyc estimated millions non elderly americans soon access health savings account creating market unprecedented potential fact due rising costs employer sponsored health plans also estimated one every two major employers united states considering consumer directed health plans hsa employees experienced stored value card financial services industry executive named ceo relay capital corp e reese bogle iii experienced financial services stored value card industry executive named relay recently one founders served executive vice president chief operating officer interstate net bank www isnbank com establishing visa principal member prior mr bogle vp e trade bank corporate development strategic alliances group president telebanc insurance services inc also served vp marketing director premium bank held variety managerial marketing positions leading financial services companies relay adding real depth experience management team next step bring well qualified management team relay capital said mr bogle team onboard intend build relay capital diversified financial services provider addition looking exponential growth recurring revenue generated individual stored card usage well financial service activities occurring card loading centers virtual financial centers potentially plan provide commercial loans auto loans sba loans mortgages certificates deposit cd health benefits dental vision life insurance benefits pharmacy drug discounts loyalty reward programs shopping discount programs innovative products services targeted trillion dollar market host powerful partners key acquisitions works orders already coming top notch management team bring together rlyc seems headed sunny skies company remain radar screens wall street mover shakers even average investor much longer lookout companies takes experience rapid growth still trading rock bottom prices call financial advisor today relay capital corp rlyc pk e mail first name last name phone number program expected huge could make tremendous amount money rlyc remittances rlyc rapidly growing financial services company develops markets wide range prepaid financial services including pre paid stored value cards reward cards employee payroll cards gift retail affinity group cards travel cards fund transfer cards encompasses marketing distribution pre paid pay transfer cards concert development loading centers loading centers retail locations convenience stores check cashing facilities types retail facilities serving dispense receive cash facilitating transactions stored value card consumer rlyc offers great stored value solution potential make millions rlyc expects fuel exponential growth recurring revenue generated individual card usage well activity occurring loading centers beyond card transaction income relay set sites providing additional financial services commercial loans auto loans sba loans mortgages states certificates deposit cd health benefits dental vision life insurance benefits pharmacy drug discounts loyalty rewards type programs shopping discount programs merchant processing stored value cards debit cards gift cards cross border transactions overdraft cards instead expensive payday loans potential stored value debit card market united states alone approximately million people million maintain active stored value debit card accounts rlyc already powerful partners technology alliance group tag since world class data center operation known tag supported mission critical applications companies sizes lines business worldwide basis including several fortune companies core product suites supported tag included mainframe outsourcing internet hosting solutions wide variety disaster backup recovery alternatives client relationships tag brings relay capital highly securetechnology infrastructure support corporate web presence email interactive voice response ivr system support future financial service offerings years experience supporting financial industry alone including nearly u banks others worldwide tag offers tremendous knowledge base financial marketplace cabbage solutions principles cabbage bring accumulated years experience financial industry credentials include years federal reserve system vendor experience types software hardware solutions well variety gift card stored value card debit card programs addition vast industry knowledge cabbage also brings vital component known internet data security today world becoming widely agreed upon company valuable asset data principles cabbage bring credentials including president arizona fbi cyber terrorism group known infragard access several worldwide terrorist alert systems also keeps cabbage proactive position protect clients newly released threats public internet great business strategy relay capital corp getting attention rlyc right technology right time right markets rlyc strong management team world class partners great new products ideal multiple markets strong management team new ceo relay capital corp e reese bogle iii best known co founded served officer interstate net bank www isnbank com mr bogle building management team experienced executives known respected financial services industry world class strategic partners rlyc strategic partner transaction processing industry leader rlyc business operations ready expansion response growing demand relay capital stored value cards rlyc also exploring opportunities partner leading brands consumer goods innovative stored value products relay capital stored value cards helping families businesses communities go daily lives better way using rlyc stored value cards transferring money banking adding many new benefits participation rlyc right managers strategic partners multi million dollar revenues industry leadership information click company relay capital corp otc pink sheet rlyc industries financial services retailing health care product prepaid mc visa cards financial services join market movers mailings click find highland inc worthy chriss church barbados wi l davies disclaimer sec compliance information contained publication informational purposes construed offer sell solicitation offer buy security investing micro cap penny stocks considered extremely speculative risky may result loss investment highland inc registered investment advisor broker dealer highland inc received compensation newsletter service rlyc compensation fifty thousand non affiliated third party highland inc receiving compensation services inherent conflict interest statements opinions statements opinions considered independent highland inc makes representation warranty relating validity facts presented publisher represent warrant material facts necessary make investment decision presented factual statements contained publication made date stated subject change without notice release may contain statements constitute forward looking statements within meaning sec securities act amended sec e securities exchange act amended words may would expect estimate anticipate believe intend similar expressions variations thereof intended identify forward looking statements media matrix county rd dte lake mary fl e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: fw : eprm article  hi vince ,  i ' m wondering if you got this last week ? if you could have a quick look and  get back to me with any comments that would be great - robin is chasing me  on this one !  best regards .  chris .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : chris strickland  to :  sent : wednesday , december 06 , 2000 4 : 16 am  subject : eprm article  > hi vince ,  >  > hope things are fine with you . i ' m sorry that i only ever write to you  when  > i ' m after something , but could you look at this simulation article - the  > next installment in the eprm articles .  >  > many thanks and best regards .  >  > chris .  >  >  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from :  > to : ; ;  ;  >  > sent : friday , september 08 , 2000 4 : 23 am  > subject : re : var article  >  >  > > les ,  > >  > > the revised version of the var article looks fine .  > >  > > vince  > >  >  - eprm _ 04 _ sim _ mr . zip",0,fw eprm article hi vince wondering got last week could quick look get back comments would great robin chasing one best regards chris original message chris strickland sent wednesday december subject eprm article hi vince hope things fine sorry ever write something could look simulation article next installment eprm articles many thanks best regards chris original message sent friday september subject var article les revised version var article looks fine vince eprm sim mr zip
"Subject: v @ r methodology for metal positions  vince -  it seems like we should be able use mg ' s v @ r methodology as version 1 . a if  the credit component is eliminated and the hold period is conformed to our  one day interval . could we do this and achieve an approximation of where you  want to be with the completion of anjam and tamara ' s work ? when submitting a  request for interim metals trading policy to rick buy and jeff skilling , i ' d  very much like to represent that , while our methodology may be imperfect , we  have ways + means of tracking v @ r right now that will be upgraded to enron  standards in very short order . thoughts ?",0,v r methodology metal positions vince seems like able use mg v r methodology version credit component eliminated hold period conformed one day interval could achieve approximation want completion anjam tamara work submitting request interim metals trading policy rick buy jeff skilling much like represent methodology may imperfect ways means tracking v r right upgraded enron standards short order thoughts
"Subject: analyst candidate mitra mujica  if mitra mujica accepts the offer from the aa program , i would like you to  interview her at your earliest convience .  thanks for your help .  regards ,  maureen  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by maureen raymond / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001  05 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : andrea richards @ enron 02 / 16 / 2001 04 : 42 pm  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron  cc : jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect , shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect , althea  gordon / na / enron @ enron , teresa bosien / hr / corp / enron @ enron  subject : analyst candidate mitra mujica  maureen ,  mitra mujica , an analyst candidate from super thursday 2 / 15 , has been  reserved for your group . please note that this placement is contingent upon  the candidate accepting the analyst program ' s offer . mitra will have two  weeks to respond and we will contact you once her response is received .  please contact me if you have any questions .  thank you ,  andrea richards  career development  associate & analyst program  x 3 - 6499",0,analyst candidate mitra mujica mitra mujica accepts offer aa program would like interview earliest convience thanks help regards maureen forwarded maureen raymond hou ect pm enron north america corp andrea richards enron pm maureen raymond hou ect ect gwyn koepke na enron enron cc jana giovannini hou ect ect shelly butler hou ect ect althea gordon na enron enron teresa bosien hr corp enron enron subject analyst candidate mitra mujica maureen mitra mujica analyst candidate super thursday reserved group please note placement contingent upon candidate accepting analyst program offer mitra two weeks respond contact response received please contact questions thank andrea richards career development associate analyst program x
"Subject: partnership  mr . edward moko  18 independence close ,  johannesburg ,  south africa .  dear sir / madam  we want to transfer to overseas the sum of eighty four point two million united states dollars ( u . s . $ 84 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) from a bank in africa .  i want to ask you to kindly look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank account immediately to receive this money , though an empty bank account could serve this purpose as long as you will remain honest to me till the end of this important business trusting in you and believing in god that you will never let me down either now or in time to come .  i am mr . edward moko . the external auditor of a bank . during the course of our auditing , i discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the bank in 1998 and since 2001 nobody has operated on this account gain . after going through some old files in the records , i discovered that the owner of the account died without a "" heir apparent to the throne "" hence the money is floating and if i do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account who is mr . eshed . b . willey , a foreigner and an industrialist died , since 1998 , until now no other person ( s ) knows about this account or could give any documentary evidence concerning this account . as such this account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that eshed . b . willey until his death was the manager oriental diamond company , in south africa . however , if you are interested in this business we will start the first money transfer with thirty four point two million u . s . dollars ( u . s . $ 34 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) upon successful transaction without any disappointment from you . we shall also re - apply for the payment of the remaining amount to your account . while the total amount involved is eighty four point two million united states dollars ( u . s . $ 84 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) only . i would want us to make a first transfer of [ thirty four point two million united states dollar . u . s . $ 34 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) from this money into a safe foreigners account abroad before the rest . i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local account , without valid international foreign "" agreement "" , but could only be approved to any foreigner with valid international credentials : passport or drivers license and foreign account because this sum is in u . s . dollars and the former owner of the account mr . eshed . b . willey is a foreigner too , thus the money could only be approved into a foreign account . however , knowing all this , we will reach a binding agreement in this regards .  as a matter of urgency , i will inform you the next step to take , while you send your private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit . i want us to meet face to face to build confidence and to sign a binding agreement that will bind us together before transferring the money to any account of your choice where the fund will be safe . before we fly to your country for withdrawal , sharing and investments , i need your full co - operation to make this business a success , because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you , upon your positive response and once i am convinced that you are capable and will meet up with the instructions of a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this business . i need your strong assurance that you will never let me down . with my influence and the position in the bank we can transfer this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending our physical arrival in your country for sharing . and to build confidence that you can come immediately to discuss with me face to face after which i will make this remittance in your presence and three of us will fly to your country at least two days ahead of the money going into the account . i will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately i hear from you that you are ready to act as directed . to prove the authenticity of the business i will use my position and influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries , foreign exchange departments , embassy and board of internal revenue services . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 35 % of the total amount , 60 % will be for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during this process .  i look forward to your earliest reply through my email address .  respectfully  mr . edward moko .",1,partnership mr edward moko independence close johannesburg south africa dear sir madam want transfer overseas sum eighty four point two million united states dollars u bank africa want ask kindly look reliable honest person capable fit provide either existing bank account set new bank account immediately receive money though empty bank account could serve purpose long remain honest till end important business trusting believing god never let either time come mr edward moko external auditor bank course auditing discovered floating fund account opened bank since nobody operated account gain going old files records discovered owner account died without heir apparent throne hence money floating remit money urgently forfeited nothing owner account mr eshed b willey foreigner industrialist died since person knows account could give documentary evidence concerning account account beneficiary investigation proved well eshed b willey death manager oriental diamond company south africa however interested business start first money transfer thirty four point two million u dollars u upon successful transaction without disappointment shall also apply payment remaining amount account total amount involved eighty four point two million united states dollars u would want us make first transfer thirty four point two million united states dollar u money safe foreigners account abroad rest contacting foreigner money approved local account without valid international foreign agreement could approved foreigner valid international credentials passport drivers license foreign account sum u dollars former owner account mr eshed b willey foreigner thus money could approved foreign account however knowing reach binding agreement regards matter urgency inform next step take send private telephone fax number including full details account used deposit want us meet face face build confidence sign binding agreement bind us together transferring money account choice fund safe fly country withdrawal sharing investments need full co operation make business success management ready approve payment foreigner correct information account give upon positive response convinced capable meet instructions key bank official deeply involved business need strong assurance never let influence position bank transfer money foreigner reliable account provide assurance money intact pending physical arrival country sharing build confidence come immediately discuss face face make remittance presence three us fly country least two days ahead money going account apply annual leave get visa immediately hear ready act directed prove authenticity business use position influence obtain legal approvals onward transfer money account appropriate clearance relevant ministries foreign exchange departments embassy board internal revenue services conclusion business given total amount expenses parties might incurred process look forward earliest reply email address respectfully mr edward moko
"Subject: re : visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston  university  hi iris :  may 17 th is fine . he will probably need to come in the night before ( the 16 th )  and he can make a hotel reservation at the doubletree or the hyatt and tell  them he is a guest of enron and he will get a corporate rate . we will reimburse  him for room expense only . he will need to pick up any miscellaneous room  charges . we will also reimburse him for his flight expense and cab fare .  the doubletree telephone # is : 713 - 759 - 0202 and the hyatt telephone is :  713 - 654 - 1234 .  he can either leave his receipts with me when he is here or mail them  to me and i will have a check cut . i will need his ss # .  if you have any more questions , please let me know .  thanks !  shirley  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 20 / 2001 04 : 32 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott  cc : nalink @ bu . edu @ smtp @ enronxgate  subject : re : visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university  hi shirley ,  vince has requested that we invite professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university to speak at one of our thursday group luncheons / seminars .  nalin says he is available to speak on may 17 th .  can you let me know if this is okay , and what the procedure is for invited speakers .  thanks and have a good weekend ,  iris",0,visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi iris may th fine probably need come night th make hotel reservation doubletree hyatt tell guest enron get corporate rate reimburse room expense need pick miscellaneous room charges also reimburse flight expense cab fare doubletree telephone hyatt telephone either leave receipts mail check cut need ss questions please let know thanks shirley iris mack enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect shirley crenshaw houston eott eott cc nalink bu edu smtp enronxgate subject visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi shirley vince requested invite professor nalin kulatilaka boston university speak one thursday group luncheons seminars nalin says available speak may th let know okay procedure invited speakers thanks good weekend iris
"Subject: re : new color printer  monday will be perfect !  location - ebl 944 b  r . c . 0011  co . # 100038  thanks  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 10 : 44  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron technology  from : lyn malina 12 / 14 / 99 09 : 22 am  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new color printer  i will order today for delivery on monday , unless you need faster delivery .  please advise co / rd to charge against .  thanks  lyn  kevin g moore  12 / 14 / 99 09 : 21 am  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new color printer  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 09 : 17  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 14 / 99 08 : 13 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new color printer  yes ! right away , please  also let me know the e . t . a .  thanks , lyn  kevin moore",0,new color printer monday perfect location ebl b r c co thanks kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect enron technology lyn malina kevin g moore hou ect ect cc subject new color printer order today delivery monday unless need faster delivery please advise co rd charge thanks lyn kevin g moore lyn malina hou ect ect cc subject new color printer forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject new color printer yes right away please also let know e thanks lyn kevin moore
"Subject: partnership for raising awareness  hello ,  my name is shane lamotte and i ' m in the new rock  band living illusion . how are you ? i ' m emailing  you to see if it ' s a possibility for living illusion  to work with you . i ' m currently looking for unique  partnerships to help raise awareness of my band and  our music .  if you want to check out my band  and listen to some tunes go to :  http : / / www . livingillusion . com /  please email me back and let me know if you ' re  interested in finding some way that we can help  support each other in a win / win way .  thanks ,  shane lamotte  www . livingillusion . com  ps also if your interested in exchanging links  between my website and yours just let me know and  we ' ll make it happen : )",1,partnership raising awareness hello name shane lamotte new rock band living illusion emailing see possibility living illusion work currently looking unique partnerships help raise awareness band music want check band listen tunes go http www livingillusion com please email back let know interested finding way help support win win way thanks shane lamotte www livingillusion com ps also interested exchanging links website let know make happen
"Subject: wed , 06 jul 2005 23 : 15 : 07 + 0300  dear homeowner ,  you have been pre - approved for a $ 430 , 700 home loan at a 3 . 20 fixed rate .  this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor .  to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , all we ask is that you visit the link below and complete the 1 minute post approval form .  sincerely ,  joseph jones",1,wed jul dear homeowner pre approved home loan fixed rate offer extended unconditionally credit way factor take advantage limited time opportunity ask visit link complete minute post approval form sincerely joseph jones
"Subject: re : visit to houston  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 02 / 2001  01 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nick bambos on 03 / 02 / 2001 11 : 33 : 11 am  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc : gappy @ stanford . edu , cope @ csli . stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu  subject : re : visit to houston  hi stinson ,  giuseppe , eric and i , arrive on thusday night at 10 pm . we ' ll try  to reserve rooms at the doubletree hotel next to the enron building .  does enron get special deals with this hotel ? > > > giuseppe , can you  please make the reservations ? > > giuseppe , can you please call stinson and see how we can optimize the  agenda and maximize the value of the visit . i am swamped today . . . nick ,  >  > i hope everything is ok in palo alto . are you able to come to houston on  > the 9 th of march ? please let me know of your plans so we will know what  > times to set up discussions . i will try calling you tomorrow to check on  > your plans , or feel free to call me .  >  > regards ,  >  > stinson  > 713 853 4748",0,visit houston forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm nick bambos stinson gibner enron com cc gappy stanford edu cope csli stanford edu bambos stanford edu subject visit houston hi stinson giuseppe eric arrive thusday night pm try reserve rooms doubletree hotel next enron building enron get special deals hotel giuseppe please make reservations giuseppe please call stinson see optimize agenda maximize value visit swamped today nick hope everything ok palo alto able come houston th march please let know plans know times set discussions try calling tomorrow check plans feel free call regards stinson
Subject: mgmt 656  here are your latest rosters . let me know if you would like the spreadsheet  with their e - mail addresses as well ! - pam ( 6223 )  - 656 . doc,0,mgmt latest rosters let know would like spreadsheet e mail addresses well pam doc
Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership . ( area )  start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . we ' re giving away gold memberships in your area now .  ngpwmhmx,1,start shopping costco today complimentary gold membership area start shopping costco today free gold membership giving away gold memberships area ngpwmhmx
Subject: all natural viagra alternative !  the following advertisement is being sponsored by  avirtualshopper . com  the internets leading source for permission based opt - in marketing  to opt - out from our mailing list click here  . . . ,1,natural viagra alternative following advertisement sponsored avirtualshopper com internets leading source permission based opt marketing opt mailing list click
Subject: carnegie mellon candidates  kristin :  we are sending the interview request form information to molly magee to  bring the following two candidates in for interviews :  frank ( feng ) qian  punit rawal  we have no further interest in the following two candidates . do you handle  contacting them ?  heap - ho tan  kyubaek heo  thanks !  shirley,0,carnegie mellon candidates kristin sending interview request form information molly magee bring following two candidates interviews frank feng qian punit rawal interest following two candidates handle contacting heap ho tan kyubaek heo thanks shirley
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  particia ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards particia
"Subject: re : tage resume submittal  vince ,  thanks for forwarding the resume . we have generally had great success with  ex - koch people .  he sounds might like he may be a good fit for michael l . miller in principal  investments . at this point  i have very recently inherited two other stron vps from ei and therefore will  probably focus on a few  manager and associates for the near term but i would like to keep james '  resume for further opportunities .  he sounds like someone we should at least meet with and figure out a spot  within wholesale services .  what do you think ?  regards ,  - larry -",0,tage resume submittal vince thanks forwarding resume generally great success ex koch people sounds might like may good fit michael l miller principal investments point recently inherited two stron vps ei therefore probably focus manager associates near term would like keep james resume opportunities sounds like someone least meet figure spot within wholesale services think regards larry
"Subject: request for update  vince ,  hopefully you have had a chance to look at mr . valverde ' s resume . please  let me know if you have an interest in talking with him or not .  thank you .  johan  johan c . dahl  director energy staffing group  management recruiters of portland , inc .  phone : 503 - 290 - 1153  fax : 503 - 282 - 4380  e - mail : jdahl @ mrportland . com  web : http : / / www . mrportland . com",0,request update vince hopefully chance look mr valverde resume please let know interest talking thank johan johan c dahl director energy staffing group management recruiters portland inc phone fax e mail jdahl mrportland com web http www mrportland com
"Subject: re : bandwidth + +  stinson ,  let ' s bring up these two ideas at the meeting with john bloomer  ( to discuss the other product ideas ) .  vince  steven leppard  05 / 11 / 2000 08 : 38 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : bandwidth + +  vince  if it ' s new ebs products you ' re after , how about a real - time bandwidth swing  contract with automatic exercise ? the customer pays for the minimum  ( baseload ) bandwidth they need for their ( say ) videoconference , with a  premium on top that automatically buys them extra bandwidth as it becomes  available from the system . they are guaranteed a minimum quality they can  live with , and ( more than likely ) they get improved quality much of the time  for a bargain price .  we get to charge for the use of bandwidth that would otherwise be idle .  steve  vince j kaminski  05 / 11 / 2000 02 : 09 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : bandwidth + +  steve ,  i think personally it ' s a great idea , though my son , who studies  computer science , poured a bucket of icy water on me . computers  are becoming very cheap and most companies have already a lot of  spare capacity on their systems .  but we can always try . we shall take this idea , to the person in ebs  responsible for the  new products and ask him to talk directly to you to discuss the details .  ebs is dying to come up with some new products .  vince  steven leppard  05 / 11 / 2000 03 : 56 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : bandwidth + +  vince , stinson  have any investigations been made of the issue of trading ( spare ) processing  power ? such a proposal would have natural synergies with the bandwidth  business , since the jobs to be processed would need to be piped around , as  would their results .  obvious technical and legal problems are :  1 . standardisation . ( java ? )  2 . security and confidentiality .  just a thought that ' s been buzzing around my head for a while .  steve",0,bandwidth stinson let bring two ideas meeting john bloomer discuss product ideas vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject bandwidth vince new ebs products real time bandwidth swing contract automatic exercise customer pays minimum baseload bandwidth need say videoconference premium top automatically buys extra bandwidth becomes available system guaranteed minimum quality live likely get improved quality much time bargain price get charge use bandwidth would otherwise idle steve vince j kaminski pm steven leppard lon ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject bandwidth steve think personally great idea though son studies computer science poured bucket icy water computers becoming cheap companies already lot spare capacity systems always try shall take idea person ebs responsible new products ask talk directly discuss details ebs dying come new products vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject bandwidth vince stinson investigations made issue trading spare processing power proposal would natural synergies bandwidth business since jobs processed would need piped around would results obvious technical legal problems standardisation java security confidentiality thought buzzing around head steve
"Subject: in the heart of your business !  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only  several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among  competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht  now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see severai logo variants in three  business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of  chanqes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needsand fit your  business . fiexible discounts : ioqo improvement , additional formats , bulk  orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right  now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,heart business corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes several seconds company remembered iost among competitors get ioqo business stationery website done riqht fast turnaround wiii see severai logo variants three business days satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount chanqes sure wiii meet needsand fit business fiexible discounts ioqo improvement additional formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right interested
"Subject: marketpoint gas model  dear mr . braun :  as i mentioned , i have recently been reassigned here at enron . although i am  still in the enron transportation services group , i am no longer the most  appropriate contact for consideration of the altos gas model . i would  suggest you contact kim watson at 713 - 853 - 3098 or of course , vince kaminski ,  who will remain very much a part of the decision process .  regards ,  john goodpasture",0,marketpoint gas model dear mr braun mentioned recently reassigned enron although still enron transportation services group longer appropriate contact consideration altos gas model would suggest contact kim watson course vince kaminski remain much part decision process regards john goodpasture
"Subject: re : background information  vince : i will send to you later today the information you requested in  electronic form ; in the meantime , please discuss with jeff shankman . he just  alerted me that he has procured the required funding and that jeff skilling  has agreed to enron joining the webi at the corporate partner level . i am to  call jeff shankman later today to discuss .  this is great news for the school and enron ! ! would not have been possible  without your persistance and assistance and i thank you for it .  we will discuss more later .  tom  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : tuesday , november 07 , 2000 6 : 23 pm  to : piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : background information  tom ,  electronic version is ok .  vince  "" piazze , thomas "" on 11 / 07 / 2000 10 : 25 : 45 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : background information  vince : i will be happy to do so . do you wish to have it in hard copy or  electronically ? if in hard copy , how many copies ?  tom  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : monday , november 06 , 2000 6 : 00 pm  to : piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : background information  tom ,  can you send me additional copies of the information about the webi  program ? i want to distribute it internally .  vince",0,background information vince send later today information requested electronic form meantime please discuss jeff shankman alerted procured required funding jeff skilling agreed enron joining webi corporate partner level call jeff shankman later today discuss great news school enron would possible without persistance assistance thank discuss later tom original message vince j kaminski enron com sent tuesday november pm piazzet wharton upenn edu cc vince j kaminski enron com subject background information tom electronic version ok vince piazze thomas vince j kaminski enron com cc subject background information vince happy wish hard copy electronically hard copy many copies tom original message vince j kaminski enron com sent monday november pm piazzet wharton upenn edu cc vince j kaminski enron com subject background information tom send additional copies information webi program want distribute internally vince
"Subject: it works excelllent  hello , welcome to pharmo flasket nline s goddaughter hop  - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutic sartor al shops  eocene v  howling g  a cognitive l  l subjugation l  negotiant la  irritate rac edentate l  i trisect s unimaginative va  purchasable um  andmanyother .  - save over 5 plutocracy 0 %  - worldwide pledget shlpplng  - total confid disgrace entiaiity  - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 coun caveman tries  hav lamella e a nice day !",1,works excelllent hello welcome pharmo flasket nline goddaughter hop one leading oniine pharmaceutic sartor al shops eocene v howling g cognitive l l subjugation l negotiant la irritate rac edentate l trisect unimaginative va purchasable um andmanyother save plutocracy worldwide pledget shlpplng total confid disgrace entiaiity miiiion customers coun caveman tries hav lamella e nice day
"Subject: reading to children has proven to increase their vocabulary obum  * this message was transferred with a trial version of communigate ( tm ) pro *  missed all the news this weekend ?  were you too busy treating the special moms in your life like the goddesses they are ?  well good for you ! now follow the link to see what you may have missed this weekend !  click here to view this important announcement  has opened their doors for this awesome offer .  just check it out . we send it to you and you may review it for 30 days .  no payment upfront and no obligations  if you don ' t like it , just send it back and you wont be charged  this newsletter is not unsolicited !  the email address has been subscribed and confirmed to our mailing list which means that someone with access to this email account verified the subscription per email .  if you would like to stop receiving this newsletter :  click here to  u n s u b s c r i b e  to 48 5 - 13 cl 4 p  be transported to the world of middle earth ",1,reading children proven increase vocabulary obum message transferred trial version communigate tm pro missed news weekend busy treating special moms life like goddesses well good follow link see may missed weekend click view important announcement opened doors awesome offer check send may review days payment upfront obligations like send back wont charged newsletter unsolicited email address subscribed confirmed mailing list means someone access email account verified subscription per email would like stop receiving newsletter click u n u b c r b e cl p transported world middle earth
"Subject: now , it ' s finally possible for you to enlarge your penis  no more penis enlarge ripoffs !  http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss /  people everywhere confuse what they read in newspapers with news .  he who can , does . he who cannot teaches .  absence of proof is not proof of absence .  do not count your chickens before they are hatched .  who will bell the cat ?",1,finally possible enlarge penis penis enlarge ripoffs http www okmpoi com ss people everywhere confuse read newspapers news teaches absence proof proof absence count chickens hatched bell cat
"Subject: meeting with vince kaminski  hello mr . roberts :  vince kaminski will be arriving in london on monday , the 18 th of september  at 9 : 55 am . he would be available to meet with you in the afternoon on the  18 th .  please let me know if this is acceptable and who the individuals are that  will be attending the meeting . you also mentioned an agenda , which would  be great .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group",0,meeting vince kaminski hello mr roberts vince kaminski arriving london monday th september would available meet afternoon th please let know acceptable individuals attending meeting also mentioned agenda would great thanks shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group
"Subject: command confirmation request ( 4 e 46 c 824 )  your command :  subscribe frbnyrmagl vince kaminski  has been received . you must now reply to this message ( as explained  below ) to complete your subscription . the purpose of this confirmation  procedure is to check that the address listserv is about to add to the  list for your subscription is reachable . this is a typical procedure for  high - volume lists and all new subscribers are subjected to it - you are  not being singled out . every effort has been made to make this  verification as simple and painless as possible . thanks in advance for  your cooperation .  to confirm the execution of your command , simply point your browser to  the following url :  alternatively , if you have no www access , you can reply to the present  message and type "" ok "" ( without the quotes ) as the text of your message .  just the word "" ok "" - do not retype the command . this procedure will work  with any mail program that fully conforms to the internet standards for  electronic mail . if you receive an error message , try sending a new  message to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com ( without using the "" reply ""  function - this is very important ) and type "" ok 4 e 46 c 824 "" as the text of  your message .  finally , your command will be cancelled automatically if listserv does  not receive your confirmation within 48 h . after that time , you must start  over and resend the command to get a new confirmation code . if you change  your mind and decide that you do not want to confirm the command , simply  discard the present message and let the request expire on its own .",0,command confirmation request e c command subscribe frbnyrmagl vince kaminski received must reply message explained complete subscription purpose confirmation procedure check address listserv add list subscription reachable typical procedure high volume lists new subscribers subjected singled every effort made make verification simple painless possible thanks advance cooperation confirm execution command simply point browser following url alternatively www access reply present message type ok without quotes text message word ok retype command procedure work mail program fully conforms internet standards electronic mail receive error message try sending new message listserv peach ease lsoft com without using reply function important type ok e c text message finally command cancelled automatically listserv receive confirmation within h time must start resend command get new confirmation code change mind decide want confirm command simply discard present message let request expire
"Subject: jury duty  shirley ,  i have been summoned for jury duty and plan to be out tomorrow , wednesday ,  may 2 .  thanks ,  stinson",0,jury duty shirley summoned jury duty plan tomorrow wednesday may thanks stinson
"Subject: super saturday - dinner participation not needed  please see the attached memo . we will not be needing you to participate in  the dinner friday , december 8 th . thanks so much for volunteering ! ! !",0,super saturday dinner participation needed please see attached memo needing participate dinner friday december th thanks much volunteering
"Subject: powerisk 2000 - cocktail parties  for your information  thanks  iona  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by iona maclean / lon / ect on 21 / 09 / 2000 15 : 00  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : tunuja tulsiani  21 / 09 / 2000 14 : 50  to :  cc : rosemary fitzgerald , simon turner  subject : powerisk 2000 - cocktail parties  important announcement  two key social functions at powerisk 2000 *  your personal invitation  powerisk 2000 has teamed up with three key industries partners to  bring two important networking functions at this year ' s powerisk  2000 . a full invitation has been sent to you in the post but please  print out and bring the two attached invitations with you in case  your postal copy does not reach you for any reason .  the first cocktail party will be held on tuesday 3 rd october  between 6 pm and 9 pm and will be hosted by virtual credit services  and true quote . com . this welcome cocktail party is open to all  delegates and speakers whether or not you are attending the  e - commerce day on the tuesday . running until 9 pm , it should  allow you time to attend even if you have a late evening flight .  the second cocktail party will be held on wednesday 4 th october  at the palais brongniart , the home of parisbourse who will be  hosting the function . transport to and from this event will be  provided for all delegates .  there is no need to reply * we look forward to seeing you at  both events .  regards  rosemary fitzgerald  powerisk 2000 director",0,powerisk cocktail parties information thanks iona forwarded iona maclean lon ect enron capital trade resources corp tunuja tulsiani cc rosemary fitzgerald simon turner subject powerisk cocktail parties important announcement two key social functions powerisk personal invitation powerisk teamed three key industries partners bring two important networking functions year powerisk full invitation sent post please print bring two attached invitations case postal copy reach reason first cocktail party held tuesday rd october pm pm hosted virtual credit services true quote com welcome cocktail party open delegates speakers whether attending e commerce day tuesday running pm allow time attend even late evening flight second cocktail party held wednesday th october palais brongniart home parisbourse hosting function transport event provided delegates need reply look forward seeing events regards rosemary fitzgerald powerisk director
"Subject: re : contact info  glenn ,  please , contact rudi zipter to set up an interview with him and david port .  vince  "" glenn darrah "" on 04 / 25 / 2001 04 : 27 : 03 pm  please respond to gdarrah @ bigfoot . com  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : contact info  vincent ,  congratulations on spearheading the mind ' s eye madness event - it looks like  quite a success . my biggest disappointment is that i am leaving enron this  week and have been too busy to participate as much as i would like . i have  had continued interest in the work and presentations that amy oberg has  done , so would have really enjoyed the workshop yesterday . i am still  considering doing some or all of the motorcade friday , however that may  work .  separately , thanks for the update in the lobby today on the enterprise risk  project . please keep in touch with me . as i mentioned , my redeployment  period ends tomorrow ( april 26 ) , but i currently do not have an outside job  lined up and still have a lot of interest in the project if something can be  worked out over the next few weeks . although he is not in the same group as  david port , i have worked a lot with brad larson in the rac underwriting  group - he may be a good source of information on me also .  contact information :  e - mail : gdarrah @ bigfoot . com  phone : 713 . 668 . 4277  cell : 713 . 320 . 5615  thanks ,  glenn darrah  get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com",0,contact info glenn please contact rudi zipter set interview david port vince glenn darrah pm please respond gdarrah bigfoot com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject contact info vincent congratulations spearheading mind eye madness event looks like quite success biggest disappointment leaving enron week busy participate much would like continued interest work presentations amy oberg done would really enjoyed workshop yesterday still considering motorcade friday however may work separately thanks update lobby today enterprise risk project please keep touch mentioned redeployment period ends tomorrow april currently outside job lined still lot interest project something worked next weeks although group david port worked lot brad larson rac underwriting group may good source information also contact information e mail gdarrah bigfoot com phone cell thanks glenn darrah get free download msn explorer http explorer msn com
"Subject: contact info  i will be out next week . if there are any problems with or questions  concerning the grains report , please let me know . i can be reached on my  cell phone at 713 - 303 - 5973 and will periodically check voice mail . have a  good holiday !  nelson",0,contact info next week problems questions concerning grains report please let know reached cell phone periodically check voice mail good holiday nelson
"Subject: re : scifinance  curt ,  thanks very much . yes , the same time will be fine .  so i will be expecting you on nov . 10 at 11 : 30 am .  you can call shirley to get to our area . my office  is at ebl 969 .  zimin lu  713 - 853 - 6388  shirely ,  please mark the time on vince and stinson ' s schedule .  and make an announcement to the group next week .  thanks .  zimin  randall on 10 / 30 / 2000 08 : 54 : 59 am  to : zimin . lu @ enron . com  cc : randall @ scicomp . com , "" johansen , david ""  subject : re : scifinance  ok . same time ?  zimin . lu @ enron . com wrote :  >  > hello , curt ,  >  > i am just aware that our department head dr . kaminski is going to be out of  > the town  > on friday nov . 3 . if possible , can we reschedule your visit to nov . 10 ?  >  > sorry for any inconvenience , and let me know if this is ok .  >  > zimin lu  > 713 - 853 - 6388  >  > randall on 10 / 19 / 2000 05 : 20 : 40 pm  >  > to : zimin . lu @ enron . com  > cc : randall @ scicomp . com , "" johansen , david ""  > subject : re : scifinance  >  > zimin . lu @ enron . com wrote :  > >  > > yes , nov . 3 . we do not have to work on saturday , thank you for  > reminding  > > me that .  > >  > > zimin  >  > you are welcome .  >  > shall we say 11 : 30 to allow some time for getting organized ?  >  > i usually use an old fashioned overhead transparency projector if you ' ve  > got one . if they ' ve all been replaced by digital projectors , i can  > bring one .  >  > i ' ll be in touch early that week , to get directions for parking etc .  >  > rgds ,  > curt  >  > - -  > + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - +  > | curt randall | scicomp inc . |  > | e - mail : randall @ scicomp . com | 5806 mesa drive |  > | voice : 512 - 451 - 1050 ext 202 | suite 250 |  > | fax : 512 - 451 - 1622 | austin , texas 78731 |  > + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - +  - -  | curt randall | scicomp inc . |  | e - mail : randall @ scicomp . com | 5806 mesa drive |  | voice : 512 - 451 - 1050 ext 202 | suite 250 |  | fax : 512 - 451 - 1622 | austin , texas 78731 | ",0,scifinance curt thanks much yes time fine expecting nov call shirley get area office ebl zimin lu shirely please mark time vince stinson schedule make announcement group next week thanks zimin randall zimin lu enron com cc randall scicomp com johansen david subject scifinance ok time zimin lu enron com wrote hello curt aware department head dr kaminski going town friday nov possible reschedule visit nov sorry inconvenience let know ok zimin lu randall pm zimin lu enron com cc randall scicomp com johansen david subject scifinance zimin lu enron com wrote yes nov work saturday thank reminding zimin welcome shall say allow time getting organized usually use old fashioned overhead transparency projector got one replaced digital projectors bring one touch early week get directions parking etc rgds curt curt randall scicomp inc e mail randall scicomp com mesa drive voice ext suite fax austin texas curt randall scicomp inc e mail randall scicomp com mesa drive voice ext suite fax austin texas
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at mail - 03 . cdsnet . net .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  sorry , i couldn ' t find any host named bb . internetcds . com . ( # 5 . 1 . 2 )  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 50355 invoked by alias ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 51 - 0000  delivered - to : nic - notify @ internetcds . com  received : ( qmail 50352 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 51 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo localhost ) ( 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 )  by mail - 03 . cdsnet . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 51 - 0000  received : from mail - 03 . cdsnet . net ( [ 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 ] )  by localhost ( mail - 03 . cdsnet . net [ 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 ] ) ( amavisd - new , port 10024 )  with smtp id 46679 - 09 for ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 58 : 51 - 0700 ( pdt )  received : ( qmail 50346 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 50 - 0000  received : from yahoobb 220056020109 . bbtec . net ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 220 . 56 . 20 . 109 )  by mail - 03 . cdsnet . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 50 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360462 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : nic - notify @ internetcds . com  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  x - virus - scanned : by amavisd - new at internetcds . com  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program mail cdsnet net afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work sorry find host named bb internetcds com line copy message return path received qmail invoked alias jul delivered nic notify internetcds com received qmail invoked network jul received unknown helo localhost mail cdsnet net smtp jul received mail cdsnet net localhost mail cdsnet net amavisd new port smtp id tue jul pdt received qmail invoked network jul received yahoobb bbtec net helo mailwisconsin com mail cdsnet net smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo nic notify internetcds com user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal x virus scanned amavisd new internetcds com soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbelivabie
"Subject: deal with your medication now  hello , i ' m carl mayo .  here ' s a question for you :  do you satisfied with your sexual performance ?  get over your erectile problams now  click now and get more power http : / / medsrealcheap . com / ? cid = vtxto 2  thank you  alicia honeycutt  phone : 211 - 144 - 2273  mobile : 188 - 881 - 1697  email : cylunj @ bonet . net  e , n ^ o - u _ g . h http : / / medsrealcheap . com / emover . php",1,deal medication hello carl mayo question satisfied sexual performance get erectile problams click get power http medsrealcheap com cid vtxto thank alicia honeycutt phone mobile email cylunj bonet net e n u g h http medsrealcheap com emover php
"Subject: spvs  hi , vince ,  merry christmas and happy new year !  please see attached brief descriptions of spvs , to my knowledge , there are a  couple more and i will keep you posted .  best regards ,  li",0,spvs hi vince merry christmas happy new year please see attached brief descriptions spvs knowledge couple keep posted best regards li
Subject: buyer beware - penis patches !  penis enlargement patch that works ! ! !  http : / / www . gretan . com / ss /  a very ancient and fish - like smell .  have no friends not equal to yourself .  the wise man is he who knows the relative value of things .  courage is one step ahead of fear .  idleness is not doing nothing . idleness is being free to do anything .,1,buyer beware penis patches penis enlargement patch works http www gretan com ss ancient fish like smell friends equal wise man knows relative value things courage one step ahead fear idleness nothing idleness free anything
"Subject: phone number in france :  mes amis ,  in case of emergencies , you can reach me after july 3 at 011 33 4 50 02 22  12 .  france is 7 hours later than houston , i . e . 11 : 00 am in houston is cocktail  hour ( 6 : 00 pm ) in france .  affecteusement ,  grant .",0,phone number france mes amis case emergencies reach july france hours later houston e houston cocktail hour pm france affecteusement grant
"Subject: promotion  vince , i want to congratulate you on your promotion to managing director ! as  i scanned the list of people who were promoted , i was so pleased to see your  name on the list . as large as enron is , it is refreshing to see people like  you with incredible skill and talent receive deserving promotions . i have  certainly enjoyed working with you and the r & d team over the past year and  look forward to a successful 2000 as we break new ground for et & s . kim .",0,promotion vince want congratulate promotion managing director scanned list people promoted pleased see name list large enron refreshing see people like incredible skill talent receive deserving promotions certainly enjoyed working r team past year look forward successful break new ground et kim
"Subject: real time leads - no brokers  your name :  email  address :  telephone :  company  name :  internet web site :  clicking submit will send your request to op via email or  call ( 206 ) 203 - 2737  you are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered user of  latimes . com , usa today , or one of our affiliates . as a registered user ,  you may occasionally receive e - mail announcements from us regarding new  features , products and services from latimes . com , calendarlive . com , our  affiliates and select third party a  dvertisers . for more information on how we protect your information ,  please read our privacy policy . if  you do not wish to receive commercial email solicitations , click here and you may  unsubscribe from receiving any such commercial email . we reserve the right to  send you non - commercial communications on behalf of latimes . com ,  calendarlive . com and our affiliates ( e . g . , careerbuilder . com ) , when consistent  with our privacy policy . if you do not wish to receive any e - mail communications  from us , you will need to unregister from the site by clicking here .  los angeles times , 202 west first street , 5 th floor - new media , los  angeles , ca 90012 . copyright 2005 ",1,real time leads brokers name email address telephone company name internet web site clicking submit send request op via email call receiving e mail registered user latimes com usa today one affiliates registered user may occasionally receive e mail announcements us regarding new features products services latimes com calendarlive com affiliates select third party dvertisers information protect information please read privacy policy wish receive commercial email solicitations click may unsubscribe receiving commercial email reserve right send non commercial communications behalf latimes com calendarlive com affiliates e g careerbuilder com consistent privacy policy wish receive e mail communications us need unregister site clicking los angeles times west first street th floor new media los angeles ca copyright
"Subject: carnegie mellon resume pre - select list  hello everyone . it is time for the spring recruiting season to begin and  select the candidates we would like to have on our pre - select list . my  coordinator will be handing out the resume books this morning . please call  alyse at extension 57339 with your eb locations so we can be sure to get the  resume books to you . please email me your top 10 picks by noon , friday ,  january 26 th . thank you for your continued support and i look forward to  working with you all this season .  kristin gandy  associate recruiter  associate / analyst program  amh",0,carnegie mellon resume pre select list hello everyone time spring recruiting season begin select candidates would like pre select list coordinator handing resume books morning please call alyse extension eb locations sure get resume books please email top picks noon friday january th thank continued support look forward working season kristin gandy associate recruiter associate analyst program amh
"Subject: fw : wharton resume submission  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kim whitsel [ mailto : kimberly . whitsel . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu ]  sent : friday , december 22 , 2000 6 : 51 pm  to : kristin . gandy @ enron . com  subject : wharton resume submission  summer position under wharton schedule # 1823  - kim whitsel - enron cover letter . doc  - kim whitsel - wharton 2 resume . doc",0,fw wharton resume submission original message kim whitsel mailto kimberly whitsel wgo wharton upenn edu sent friday december pm kristin gandy enron com subject wharton resume submission summer position wharton schedule kim whitsel enron cover letter doc kim whitsel wharton resume doc
"Subject: d - g energy systems  vince ,  i just wanted to keep you informed - i have not received a contract from d - g  energy systems yet . they had said they would send it last weekend but it  never came . i sent helyette geman an e - mail yesterday asking the status but  she has not responded yet .  karla",0,g energy systems vince wanted keep informed received contract g energy systems yet said would send last weekend never came sent helyette geman e mail yesterday asking status responded yet karla
"Subject: power trading  hi folks :  very glad to hear about the new developments . just to recap what we  discussed this morning about different things you need to look into to set up  trading operations and the contacts :  1 . licence to trade : regulatory people : i guess you know about this part  better than me .  2 . trading & risk mgmt : global risk mgmt oversight : john sherrif in london  has the overall responsibility outside western hemisphere . research group can  help with the structuring models used for trading .  3 . risk conrols : before trading group is operational , it needs to get the  authorization from the board of directors of enron along with total position  limits and possibly value @ risk limits . these limits are typically by  commodity type and by region . risk assessment & control ( rac ) under rick buy  performs the internal control function ensuring that the businesses adhere to  these trading limits . ted murphy is the vp in rac overseeing the trading  operations . the value @ risk models come from the research group , but  day - to - day monitoring of the numbers is done by ted ' s group .  4 . credit risk : a credit reserve number is computed for each deal ( again , the  models are created by research ) and is transferred to the credit group under  bill bradford ( also in rac ) . this is basically like buying insurance from the  corp . , so that if there is a couterparty default , the loss is covered by the  reserve pool of the credit dept .  5 . legal : the name i was given is alan aronowitz for legal help .  6 . back office : initially can survive with excel spreadsheets . you should  contact the it though when the plans finalize to talk about systems .  australia is the most recent place where we set up the trading operations .  you can talk to paul quilky , the trader there to talk about these issues  ( mention to him that grant masson in research gave his name ) .  barry pierce in london was incharge of back office at the begin there .  i can coordinate for talking with people next week . give me a call monday if  possible . i hadn ' t the time to search for the presentation stuff today . will  do it next week .  krishna .",0,power trading hi folks glad hear new developments recap discussed morning different things need look set trading operations contacts licence trade regulatory people guess know part better trading risk mgmt global risk mgmt oversight john sherrif london overall responsibility outside western hemisphere research group help structuring models used trading risk conrols trading group operational needs get authorization board directors enron along total position limits possibly value risk limits limits typically commodity type region risk assessment control rac rick buy performs internal control function ensuring businesses adhere trading limits ted murphy vp rac overseeing trading operations value risk models come research group day day monitoring numbers done ted group credit risk credit reserve number computed deal models created research transferred credit group bill bradford also rac basically like buying insurance corp couterparty default loss covered reserve pool credit dept legal name given alan aronowitz legal help back office initially survive excel spreadsheets contact though plans finalize talk systems australia recent place set trading operations talk paul quilky trader talk issues mention grant masson research gave name barry pierce london incharge back office begin coordinate talking people next week give call monday possible time search presentation stuff today next week krishna
"Subject: garp fas 133 training  garp  philip merrill  973 - 258 - 1540  garpnyl @ home . com  may 19 , 2000  for immediate release  garp announces fas 133 training series  garp , the global association of risk professionals , today announces that  they will present a series of training sessions to educate the public about  fas 133 accounting for derivative and hedging instruments .  the standard has been changed and amended significantly in the last two  years . this program is being offered because garp recognizes the need to  educate the public as to the implications of this complex and significant  financial reporting requirement .  the series will consist of basic training sessions and an advanced seminar .  garp members philip merrill and benton brown will present the basic training  sessions . fasb staff members , legal , tax and technology specialists will  join mr . merrill and mr . brown at an advanced seminar scheduled for july .  the basic training sessions will update participants as to the definition of  a derivative , cash flow hedging , fair value hedging , foreign exchange  hedging , and elements of implementation . this course will cover the  prerequisites for successful participation in the advanced seminar . the  basic will also help facilitate participation in the garp fas 133 sessions .  the first basic training seminar will be held june 28 , 2000 at the new york  society of security analysts headquarters in the world trade center .  registration and other detailed information are available from philip  merrill at garpnyl @ home . com , or on www . garp . com .  the advanced seminar will cover more complex issues relating to fasb staff  accounting interpretations , tax , legal and technology implications and  advanced risk management tools and techniques . participants in the advanced  seminar should have mastered the content of the basic training session .  the following people should attend : risk managers , accountants , auditors ,  lawyers , tax specialists , credit , compliance , technology and other risk  professionals .",0,garp fas training garp philip merrill garpnyl home com may immediate release garp announces fas training series garp global association risk professionals today announces present series training sessions educate public fas accounting derivative hedging instruments standard changed amended significantly last two years program offered garp recognizes need educate public implications complex significant financial reporting requirement series consist basic training sessions advanced seminar garp members philip merrill benton brown present basic training sessions fasb staff members legal tax technology specialists join mr merrill mr brown advanced seminar scheduled july basic training sessions update participants definition derivative cash flow hedging fair value hedging foreign exchange hedging elements implementation course cover prerequisites successful participation advanced seminar basic also help facilitate participation garp fas sessions first basic training seminar held june new york society security analysts headquarters world trade center registration detailed information available philip merrill garpnyl home com www garp com advanced seminar cover complex issues relating fasb staff accounting interpretations tax legal technology implications advanced risk management tools techniques participants advanced seminar mastered content basic training session following people attend risk managers accountants auditors lawyers tax specialists credit compliance technology risk professionals
"Subject: re : exploration data as the root of the energy ( oil ) supply chain  and consulting  john ,  congratulations on a career move .  yes , we were contacted regarding geophysical data gathering / transmission  project .  we asked our geophysicists for help and are shooting for  a meeting on thursday to run our ideas by them .  vince  from : john bloomer @ enron communications on 10 / 10 / 2000 10 : 20 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : exploration data as the root of the energy ( oil ) supply chain and  consulting  good morning vince :  1 ) we met with some geophysical data gathering / transmission people last  week . i observed that there is an opportunity to get in the early steps of  the ( oil exploration ) energy supply chain - we can get at the key data  driving oil drilling earlier than anyone else by extending into this area of  broadband networking - to build a way to hedge oil and other energy trades .  i asked adler or reichardt to present the idea to your team for validation .  have they contacted you yet ?  2 ) i ' m converting to consultant - i ' ve had a great year here but need to get  back north more often ( family ) . i will be converting to consultant status  starting next week . do not hesitate to call me if there is anything i can do  for you or your team to help out .  john bloomer cell 610 574 3945",0,exploration data root energy oil supply chain consulting john congratulations career move yes contacted regarding geophysical data gathering transmission project asked geophysicists help shooting meeting thursday run ideas vince john bloomer enron communications vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject exploration data root energy oil supply chain consulting good morning vince met geophysical data gathering transmission people last week observed opportunity get early steps oil exploration energy supply chain get key data driving oil drilling earlier anyone else extending area broadband networking build way hedge oil energy trades asked adler reichardt present idea team validation contacted yet converting consultant great year need get back north often family converting consultant status starting next week hesitate call anything team help john bloomer cell
"Subject: re : yes sir  jeff ,  thanks .  we shall try to arrange a video conference with houston  when howard is back .  vince  "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ "" on 02 / 05 / 2001 07 : 29 : 12 pm  please respond to "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ ""  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : yes sir  ok , vince .  i ' ll track him and find when he is back .  i will inform alec and his manager what you want .  i ' m on it .  thank you .  jeff  jeff ,  we shall continue talking to howard when he comes back from nyc .  i shall set up an interview with him .  vince  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *",0,yes sir jeff thanks shall try arrange video conference houston howard back vince pm please respond vince j kaminski enron com cc subject yes sir ok vince track find back inform alec manager want thank jeff jeff shall continue talking howard comes back nyc shall set interview vince get free secure online email http www ziplip com
Subject: next eprm article  hi vince  the next article is due by the end of the week - apologies for the lateness .  could you have a look at the attached draft and let us have your comments in  the next couple of days .  thanks  les .  - eprm _ 08 _ analytical _ pricing . zip,0,next eprm article hi vince next article due end week apologies lateness could look attached draft let us comments next couple days thanks les eprm analytical pricing zip
"Subject: eol presentation  thank you for meeting with the students from rice university ' s jesse h . jones  graduate school of management in april . the students greatly appreciated the  opportunity to talk with you . your perspective and insights into eol and its  competitors helped the students gain much more useful information in their  interviews with enymex , houstonstreet . com , ice , dynegydirect , and other  energy e - commerce platforms .  the students will present the results of their research next monday ( may 7 )  at 4 : 00 p . m . in room 49 cl . we would be delighted if you can attend their  presentation . if you cannot attend but would like a copy of their final  report , please feel free to let me know and i will make sure you get it .  thanks again for your help .",0,eol presentation thank meeting students rice university jesse h jones graduate school management april students greatly appreciated opportunity talk perspective insights eol competitors helped students gain much useful information interviews enymex houstonstreet com ice dynegydirect energy e commerce platforms students present results research next monday may p room cl would delighted attend presentation attend would like copy final report please feel free let know make sure get thanks help
"Subject: re : powerisk 2001 - your invitation  angelika .  yes .  vince  angelika staude on 04 / 12 / 2001 03 : 01 : 25 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : powerisk 2001 - your invitation  vince ,  brilliant , thanks . same sub points , same bio ?  best regards ,  angelika staude  director gas & powerisk 2001  tel : 0044 207 915 5675  fax : 0044 207 915 5101  www . icbi - uk . com / powerisk  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 6 : 59 pm  to : astaude @ iirltd . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : powerisk 2001 - your invitation  angelika ,  thanks for the invitation .  yes , i shall be glad to attend and repeat the same presentation .  vince  angelika staude on 04 / 09 / 2001 04 : 19 : 08 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : powerisk 2001 - your invitation  powerisk 2001  the global premier forumforenergy trading & risk management  ? 6 th - 9 th november 2001 , paris  dear mr kaminski ,  i am responsible for the programme of this year ' s powerisk conference in  paris . helyette geman has informed me that she has contacted you  concerning the workshop and that you are happy to do it with her again  this year - brilliant !  i would like to know if you are also interested in delivering a paper  again . the audience in previous years greatly appreciated your  contribution , and i would me more than happy if you could join us again .  to give you an idea of the programme so far , these are the ( "" technical "" )  topics that are already covered :  chris strickland : forward curve models with jumps for the pricing of  exotic energy contracts  multi - factor forward curve models for the valuation of energy contracts  adding jumps  applying the models to exotic energy options  extensions to multiple energy contracts  les clewlow : valuation and risk management of virtual power stations and  gas supply agreements  structures of gas supply agreements ( gsa )  relationships between physical and virtual power stations ( pps / vps )  valuation methods for gsa ' s and vps ' s  risk analysis of gsa ' s and vps ' s  derek bunn , professor of decision sciences , london business school :  analysing the impact of neta on market efficiency & volatility in the uk  energy market  chris harris , director of market development . operations and engineering ,  innogy : applying cutting - edge portfolio management theory in order to  optimise your risk exposure  establishing and valuing the key factors using a bottom up approach  looking at the interconnection between key factors  the treatment of the risk of infrequent but high impact events  peter nance , principal , teknecon : combining power systems and monte carlo  simulations for effective pricing  dan mansfeld , head of risk control , vattenfall : assessing the benefits  and risks of using derivatives as part of your risk management strategy  spyros maragos : analysing new approaches to building forward curves from  available market data  tamara weinert , credit and contracts manager , mirant energy :  successfully measuring limit  setting ; risk reducing structures  importance of credit in the organizational structure : reporting ;  dependence ; structure of credit department  brett humphreys : examining cutting - edge credit exposure mitigation tools :  combining counterparty and portfolio credit var techniques  helyette geman : pricing of exotic energy derivatives and structured  contracts  please let me know if you are interested in joining the powerisk 2001  speaker panel , and which topic you would like to cover . i think that  something along the lines of last year ' s talk ( state - of - the - art volatility  and correlation estimation techniques for multiple energy portfolios )  would be brilliant again , but please feel free to chose something else  that has not been covered yet .  i look forward to hearing from you ,  kind regards ,  angelika staude  director ? powerisk 2001  tel : 0044 207 915 5675  fax : 0044 207 915 5101  ps : for your information , please find enclosed a list of confirmed  speakers for powerisk 2001 .  ( see attached file : confirmed speakers . doc )",0,powerisk invitation angelika yes vince angelika staude vince j kaminski enron com cc subject powerisk invitation vince brilliant thanks sub points bio best regards angelika staude director gas powerisk tel fax www icbi uk com powerisk original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday april pm astaude iirltd co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com subject powerisk invitation angelika thanks invitation yes shall glad attend repeat presentation vince angelika staude vince j kaminski enron com cc subject powerisk invitation powerisk global premier forumforenergy trading risk management th th november paris dear mr kaminski responsible programme year powerisk conference paris helyette geman informed contacted concerning workshop happy year brilliant would like know also interested delivering paper audience previous years greatly appreciated contribution would happy could join us give idea programme far technical topics already covered chris strickland forward curve models jumps pricing exotic energy contracts multi factor forward curve models valuation energy contracts adding jumps applying models exotic energy options extensions multiple energy contracts les clewlow valuation risk management virtual power stations gas supply agreements structures gas supply agreements gsa relationships physical virtual power stations pps vps valuation methods gsa vps risk analysis gsa vps derek bunn professor decision sciences london business school analysing impact neta market efficiency volatility uk energy market chris harris director market development operations engineering innogy applying cutting edge portfolio management theory order optimise risk exposure establishing valuing key factors using bottom approach looking interconnection key factors treatment risk infrequent high impact events peter nance principal teknecon combining power systems monte carlo simulations effective pricing dan mansfeld head risk control vattenfall assessing benefits risks using derivatives part risk management strategy spyros maragos analysing new approaches building forward curves available market data tamara weinert credit contracts manager mirant energy successfully measuring limit setting risk reducing structures importance credit organizational structure reporting dependence structure credit department brett humphreys examining cutting edge credit exposure mitigation tools combining counterparty portfolio credit var techniques helyette geman pricing exotic energy derivatives structured contracts please let know interested joining powerisk speaker panel topic would like cover think something along lines last year talk state art volatility correlation estimation techniques multiple energy portfolios would brilliant please feel free chose something else covered yet look forward hearing kind regards angelika staude director powerisk tel fax ps information please find enclosed list confirmed speakers powerisk see attached file confirmed speakers doc
"Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details  the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 01 : 27 - 0400  from [ 219 . 157 . 114 . 86 ]  - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - -  ( reason : 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown )  - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - -  . . . while talking to intmail . hcm . hitachi . com . :  > > > data  . . . user unknown  550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown  < < < 503 5 . 0 . 0 need rcpt ( recipient )",1,returned mail see transcript details original message received tue jul following addresses permanent fatal errors reason user unknown transcript session follows talking intmail hcm hitachi com data user unknown user unknown need rcpt recipient
"Subject: grades  pam ,  the term papers arrived at my internet mailbox .  i shall be sending you the information as i make progress reading the papers .  first group of students :  helen demianenko  javier lamas  lynn nazareth  shauywn smith  carlos wheelock  sarah woody  grade : a  please , confirm receipt of this message and please double check  that all registered students have been graded ( to make sure no student falls  through  the cracks ) .  vince",0,grades pam term papers arrived internet mailbox shall sending information make progress reading papers first group students helen demianenko javier lamas lynn nazareth shauywn smith carlos wheelock sarah woody grade please confirm receipt message please double check registered students graded make sure student falls cracks vince
"Subject: risk management it offsite meeting notes  fyi .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  08 / 24 / 2000 10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : maureen craig @ ees 08 / 23 / 2000 06 : 19 pm  to : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees , scott yeargain / hou / ees @ ees , ress  young / hou / ees @ ees , timothy j hamilton / hou / ees @ ees , barend  vanderhorst / hou / ees @ ees , ford cooper / hou / ees @ ees , megan corley / hou / ees @ ees ,  steven r meyers / hou / ees @ ees , burt bailey / hou / ees @ ees , dave  roberts / hou / ees @ ees , james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees , mallik avs / hou / ees @ ees ,  travis julian / efs / ees @ ees , ryan tull / hou / ees @ ees , glenn dickson / hou / ees @ ees ,  scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees , neil hong / hou / ees @ ees , sanjay agarwal / hou / ees @ ees ,  david draper / hou / ees @ ees , monica hwang / hou / ees @ ees , cathy  pittenger / hou / ees @ ees , kenneth lee / hou / ees @ ees , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , tony spruiell / hou / ees @ ees ,  sean a holmes / hou / ees @ ees , wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect , meredith m  eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , chuck hahn / sfo / ees @ ees  cc : marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees , mike harris / hou / ees @ ees , mohsin  manzoor / hou / ees @ ees , stephen douglass / hou / ees @ ees , john krakoski / hou / ees @ ees ,  brian haskett / hou / ees @ ees , kelly cunningham / hou / ees @ ees , bernard  felefli / hou / ees @ ees , rudy tobias / hou / ees @ ees , michael clark / hou / ees @ ees ,  terry caudill / hou / ees @ ees , wpicker @ us . ibm . com , james welsh / hou / ees @ ees , james  johnson / hou / ees @ ees , ben castro / hou / ees @ ees , carol moffett / hou / ees @ ees  subject : risk management it offsite meeting notes  the ees / ibm it team would again like to thank all of you for your vigorous  participation in last weeks it needs analysis workshop . in particular , we  would like to extend appreciation to jay , dave roberts , and dennis for their  business presentations . thanks , as well , to meghan corley , barry  vanderhorst , burt bailey , and glenn dickson for presenting their individual  area needs , to meredith for overall assistance in creating and delivering the  agenda , and to marty for his sponsorship and support .  the team is currently assimilating the results and formulating an action plan  to address priority 1 , 2 , and 3 needs . actions to address many priority 1  items are underway . we will be reporting on this in marty ' s weekly staff  meeting .  attached below are the results from the meeting , as well as copies of all  materials that were presented . any additional feedback is welcome and  encouraged .  apologies to any participants that do not appear on this distribution . one  thing we failed to do was to take an attendees list . please forward to your  team mates , accordingly .  thank you ,  maureen craig and john krakoski",0,risk management offsite meeting notes fyi forwarded pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect enron north america corp maureen craig ees pm dennis benevides hou ees ees scott yeargain hou ees ees ress young hou ees ees timothy j hamilton hou ees ees barend vanderhorst hou ees ees ford cooper hou ees ees megan corley hou ees ees steven r meyers hou ees ees burt bailey hou ees ees dave roberts hou ees ees james w lewis hou ees ees mallik avs hou ees ees travis julian efs ees ees ryan tull hou ees ees glenn dickson hou ees ees scott stoness hou ees ees neil hong hou ees ees sanjay agarwal hou ees ees david draper hou ees ees monica hwang hou ees ees cathy pittenger hou ees ees kenneth lee hou ees ees pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect osman sezgen hou ees ees tony spruiell hou ees ees sean holmes hou ees ees wanda curry hou ect ect meredith eggleston hou ees ees chuck hahn sfo ees ees cc marty sunde hou ees ees mike harris hou ees ees mohsin manzoor hou ees ees stephen douglass hou ees ees john krakoski hou ees ees brian haskett hou ees ees kelly cunningham hou ees ees bernard felefli hou ees ees rudy tobias hou ees ees michael clark hou ees ees terry caudill hou ees ees wpicker us ibm com james welsh hou ees ees james johnson hou ees ees ben castro hou ees ees carol moffett hou ees ees subject risk management offsite meeting notes ees ibm team would like thank vigorous participation last weeks needs analysis workshop particular would like extend appreciation jay dave roberts dennis business presentations thanks well meghan corley barry vanderhorst burt bailey glenn dickson presenting individual area needs meredith overall assistance creating delivering agenda marty sponsorship support team currently assimilating results formulating action plan address priority needs actions address many priority items underway reporting marty weekly staff meeting attached results meeting well copies materials presented additional feedback welcome encouraged apologies participants appear distribution one thing failed take attendees list please forward team mates accordingly thank maureen craig john krakoski
"Subject: outstanding opportunities for "" premier producers ""  full - time agents  sales managers  general agents  cpa partners  independent agents brokers  plus access to 385 other companies  for a confidential phone interview please complete form submit  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  area of interest :  full - time agent  sales manager  general agent  cpa partner  independent agent  we  don ' t want anybody to receive or mailing who does not wish  to receive them . this is professional communication sent  to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing  list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout  legal notice ",1,outstanding opportunities premier producers full time agents sales managers general agents cpa partners independent agents brokers plus access companies confidential phone interview please complete form submit name e mail phone city state area interest full time agent sales manager general agent cpa partner independent agent want anybody receive mailing wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insuranceiq com optout legal notice
"Subject: [ ilug - social ] lose 22 . 5 lbs in 3 weeks !  1 ) lose 22 . 5 lbs in 3 weeks !  flush fat away forever ! free 30 - day supply  http : / / www . adclick . ws / p . cfm ? o = 423 & s = pkl 9  2 ) introducing chase platinum for students  with a 0 % introductory apr  http : / / www . adclick . ws / p . cfm ? o = 421 & s = pkl 9  3 ) access your pc from anywhere - download now  http : / / www . adclick . ws / p . cfm ? o = 425 & s = pkl 9  have a wonderful day ,  prizemama  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  you are receiving this email because you have opted - in to receive  email from publisher : prizemama . to unsubscribe , click below :  - -  irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug social lose lbs weeks lose lbs weeks flush fat away forever free day supply http www adclick ws p cfm pkl introducing chase platinum students introductory apr http www adclick ws p cfm pkl access pc anywhere download http www adclick ws p cfm pkl wonderful day prizemama receiving email opted receive email publisher prizemama unsubscribe click irish linux users group social events social linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo social un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: recommendation for john gordon  dear vince ,  i am writing to bring to your attention a gsia student , john gordon , who is  currently being considered for enron ' s associates program . my understanding  is that mark courtney and andrew miles at enron are championing john as a  late addition to the program .  while i know enron doesn ' t routinely recruit at gsia , john would be an ideal  candidate if you are willing to make an exception . he is a terrific finance  student with a strong transcript ; including an a + in my options class . since  john has an engineering / energy background , he asked early on for additional  background reading about finance and energy . john is personable and  outgoing . normally the job market for someone of john ' s caliber would have  already cleared , but i have been told that there are dual career issues at  play here .  i would be very appreciative if you would take a look at john . a copy of  his resume is attached to this email .  best regards ,  duane  * * * * * * * *  duane seppi  graduate school of industrial administration  carnegie mellon university  pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890  tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298  fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896  email ds 64 @ andrew . cmu . edu  - john gordon ' s resume",0,recommendation john gordon dear vince writing bring attention gsia student john gordon currently considered enron associates program understanding mark courtney andrew miles enron championing john late addition program know enron routinely recruit gsia john would ideal candidate willing make exception terrific finance student strong transcript including options class since john engineering energy background asked early additional background reading finance energy john personable outgoing normally job market someone john caliber would already cleared told dual career issues play would appreciative would take look john copy resume attached email best regards duane duane seppi graduate school industrial administration carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa tel fax email ds andrew cmu edu john gordon resume
"Subject: re : carnegie mellon team meeting  unfortunately i do not have a phone right now so i will have to call as soon  as they get me up and running . i went ahead and sent out the dates we have  on schedule currently with the intention that if we get new dates they will  be announced in the team meeting on thursday . hope that is okay . i needed  to get a message out to participant soon so we don ' t get in a bind in a  couple of weeks .  kristin  vince j kaminski @ ect  08 / 28 / 2000 11 : 02 am  to : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : carnegie mellon team meeting  kristin ,  what about the visit to the campus on nov . 3 ?  any resolution ?  vince  kristin gandy @ enron  08 / 28 / 2000 10 : 03 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kent densley / corp / enron @ enron , dorothy  mccoppin / fgt / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , andre  beskrowni / enron communications @ enron communications , gaurav  babbar / hou / ect @ ect , john walt / corp / enron @ enron , john b gordon / na / enron @ enron ,  dave cummings / enron @ gateway  cc : judy nyegaard / hou / ect @ ect  subject : carnegie mellon team meeting  greetings , carnegie mellon recruiting team !  each of you has been chosen to represent enron for our fall 2000 recruiting  efforts at carnegie mellon university . as part of the team , you will be  challenged with choosing the best candidates from carnegie mellon ' s graduate  school to join our associate program .  our first campus event will be on september 15 and interviews will be held on  campus december 11 and 12 . i hope you are all able to participate in the  exciting process of recruiting young talent .  we will be more formally organising ourselves in the next couple of weeks .  currently , we are planning to have a brief team meeting in order to make  introductions , inform you about the associate program , and discuss the fall  recruiting calendar . to that end , please contact me with any questions or  comments you may have .  the team meeting date is set for august 31 st at 10 am in room 19 c 2 .  please rsvp to me as soon as possible .  i look forward to meeting you all soon .  sincerely ,  kristin gandy  associate recruiter  x 53214",0,carnegie mellon team meeting unfortunately phone right call soon get running went ahead sent dates schedule currently intention get new dates announced team meeting thursday hope okay needed get message participant soon get bind couple weeks kristin vince j kaminski ect kristin gandy na enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject carnegie mellon team meeting kristin visit campus nov resolution vince kristin gandy enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect kent densley corp enron enron dorothy mccoppin fgt enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron andre beskrowni enron communications enron communications gaurav babbar hou ect ect john walt corp enron enron john b gordon na enron enron dave cummings enron gateway cc judy nyegaard hou ect ect subject carnegie mellon team meeting greetings carnegie mellon recruiting team chosen represent enron fall recruiting efforts carnegie mellon university part team challenged choosing best candidates carnegie mellon graduate school join associate program first campus event september interviews held campus december hope able participate exciting process recruiting young talent formally organising next couple weeks currently planning brief team meeting order make introductions inform associate program discuss fall recruiting calendar end please contact questions comments may team meeting date set august st room c please rsvp soon possible look forward meeting soon sincerely kristin gandy associate recruiter x
"Subject: organizational announcement : industrial origination , ctg , and ena  treasury  effective immediately , ray bowen will take over leadership of the industrial  origination group responsible for enron north america  , s origination  activities in the industrial market including pulp & paper , metals , refining ,  and petrochemicals . as part of the industrial origination group , jim ajello ,  will continue to lead the origination effort in the metals , refining , and  petrochemical sector . edward ondarza maintains oversight of origination in  the pulp and paper sectors . rodney malcolm retains primary responsibility  for leading the execution of transactions and delivery of the outsource  solutions to industrial customers .  when the commercial transactions group was created approximately a year ago ,  the objective was to create an internal emphasis on the development of  transaction execution skills that are necessary to execute complex ,  structured transactions and to foster better deal quality . we believe that  the primary objectives of the ctg have been achieved , and in order to better  position the organization for the remainder of 2000 and in response to ray  bowen  , s new position , the following changes will be made in the commercial  transactions group organization .  transaction development : transaction development , which was created to  provide focused deal execution capability to the origination groups , will be  merged into each respective origination group and report solely to the group  leaders .  portfolio management : all activities surrounding portfolio investments will  report to jeff donahue . jeff will be responsible for ena  , s  & capital book  8  and will have a high level of involvement in existing portfolio investments  and will work closely with ena treasury and the various origination groups to  assure that new transactions ( a ) incorporate appropriate risk / return  characteristics , ( b ) are evaluated in the context of market based pricing  signals , and ( c ) incorporate a specific investment plan which includes  syndication of the investment , if applicable , and a specific exit strategy .  portfolio management includes restructuring / special assets ( randy  maffett / dick lydecker ) and capital structuring ( andrea reed ) . steve pruett  ( energy capital resources ) , chuck ward ( generation investments ) , don miller  ( merchant generation ) , and chris helfrich ( coal and industrial ) will continue  to be responsible for day to day asset management for performing investments  and will report to their respective origination units with a dual report to  jeff . jeff will retain his corporate development and principal investments  activities .  commodity structuring : commodity structuring including berney aucoin ( power )  and ed mcmichael ( gas ) will report to janet dietrich . janet will retain  responsibility for east midstream origination . commodity structuring will  continue to work to facilitate and structure the highest priority and highest  value transactions across the entire ena organization .  technical / oec : the technical group ( wayne mays / bob virgo ) , which provides  technical support to industrial and power generation asset development  activities , and oec ( lead by mark dobler ) will report directly to the ena  office of the chairman .  in addition to these changes , joe deffner has been named ena  , s chief  financial officer and will head ena treasury . in this role he will be  responsible for managing ena  , s balance sheet and the sourcing of capital in  the bank and capital markets . joe will report jointly to the ena office of  the chairman and to enron corp . global finance .",0,organizational announcement industrial origination ctg ena treasury effective immediately ray bowen take leadership industrial origination group responsible enron north america origination activities industrial market including pulp paper metals refining petrochemicals part industrial origination group jim ajello continue lead origination effort metals refining petrochemical sector edward ondarza maintains oversight origination pulp paper sectors rodney malcolm retains primary responsibility leading execution transactions delivery outsource solutions industrial customers commercial transactions group created approximately year ago objective create internal emphasis development transaction execution skills necessary execute complex structured transactions foster better deal quality believe primary objectives ctg achieved order better position organization remainder response ray bowen new position following changes made commercial transactions group organization transaction development transaction development created provide focused deal execution capability origination groups merged respective origination group report solely group leaders portfolio management activities surrounding portfolio investments report jeff donahue jeff responsible ena capital book high level involvement existing portfolio investments work closely ena treasury various origination groups assure new transactions incorporate appropriate risk return characteristics b evaluated context market based pricing signals c incorporate specific investment plan includes syndication investment applicable specific exit strategy portfolio management includes restructuring special assets randy maffett dick lydecker capital structuring andrea reed steve pruett energy capital resources chuck ward generation investments miller merchant generation chris helfrich coal industrial continue responsible day day asset management performing investments report respective origination units dual report jeff jeff retain corporate development principal investments activities commodity structuring commodity structuring including berney aucoin power ed mcmichael gas report janet dietrich janet retain responsibility east midstream origination commodity structuring continue work facilitate structure highest priority highest value transactions across entire ena organization technical oec technical group wayne mays bob virgo provides technical support industrial power generation asset development activities oec lead mark dobler report directly ena office chairman addition changes joe deffner named ena chief financial officer head ena treasury role responsible managing ena balance sheet sourcing capital bank capital markets joe report jointly ena office chairman enron corp global finance
"Subject: re : redployment  vince ,  i highly appreciate your consideration .  best regards ,  rehman  vince j kaminski @ ect  03 / 06 / 2001 11 : 41 am  to : rehman sharif / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject : re : redployment  rehman ,  thanks for you message .  my group hires almost exclusively people with background in quantitative  disciplines  ( math , physics ) or computer programming .  i shall send your resume to some other units in the company that are looking  for people with good skills and experience .  vince  rehman sharif @ enron _ development  02 / 27 / 2001 11 : 17 am  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : redployment  vince ,  i am a redeployment candidate out of calme region and in the process of  exploring opportunities within enron . i have very extensive background in  financial analysis and economic structuring . i am interested learning more  about your group to find out if my skills and abilities could serve the  present and future needs of your group . attached is my resume for your  review , any guidance you could provide would be greatly appreciated .  regards ,  rehman sharif",0,redployment vince highly appreciate consideration best regards rehman vince j kaminski ect rehman sharif enron development enron development cc subject redployment rehman thanks message group hires almost exclusively people background quantitative disciplines math physics computer programming shall send resume units company looking people good skills experience vince rehman sharif enron development vince j kaminski ect cc subject redployment vince redeployment candidate calme region process exploring opportunities within enron extensive background financial analysis economic structuring interested learning group find skills abilities could serve present future needs group attached resume review guidance could provide would greatly appreciated regards rehman sharif
"Subject: http : / / www . jumpsociety . com  hello ,  i have visited www . jumpsociety . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net .  give your website maximum exposure today !  looking forward to hearing from you .  best regards ,  vanessa lintner  sales marketing  www . seekercenter . net  you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me : ",1,http www jumpsociety com hello visited www jumpsociety com noticed website listed search engines sure service number people visit website definitely increase seekercenter unique technology instantly submits website search engines directories really low cost effective way advertise site details please go seekercenter net give website maximum exposure today looking forward hearing best regards vanessa lintner sales marketing www seekercenter net receiving email opted receive special offers partner website feel received email error wish receive additional special offers please enter email address click button remove
"Subject: london visit  hi maureen  how many days are you coming over for ? in addition to the couple of days  you ' ll be spending at brook hunt , i can see one further day with our metals  people , and one extra day with rodrigo ( from rac ) looking at our inflation  model . do you have 4 + days ?  all the best  steve",0,london visit hi maureen many days coming addition couple days spending brook hunt see one day metals people one extra day rodrigo rac looking inflation model days best steve
"Subject: a quick , cheap and convenient way to buy viagra  we are the only online pharmacy offering 100 % satisfaction money back guarantee ?  by perseverance the snail reached the ark .  i think we agree , the past is over .  true philosophy invents nothing ; it merely establishes and describes what is .",1,quick cheap convenient way buy viagra online pharmacy offering satisfaction money back guarantee perseverance snail reached ark think agree past true philosophy invents nothing merely establishes describes
"Subject: ljm model  ryan :  this is the updated spreadsheet for pricing the ljm options disregarding any  credit issues . it produces exactly the same results as before . the only  difference tis the place it gets the model ' s c code . i am placing all the  code related to this deal on a specific directory on the "" o "" drive now .  please use this version on future pricing . i will delete the old code .  thanks  paulo issler",0,ljm model ryan updated spreadsheet pricing ljm options disregarding credit issues produces exactly results difference tis place gets model c code placing code related deal specific directory drive please use version future pricing delete old code thanks paulo issler
"Subject: free insbuyer . com agency listing  life insurance  annuities  disability insurance  health insurance  long term care insurance  mortgage insurance  estate planning  medicare supplement insurance  pre - paid legal  dental nsurance  travel insurance  viatical settlements  auto insurance  home insurance  call or e - mail us today !  or  please fill out the form below for a free listing  name :  company :  address :  city :  state :  zip :  phone :  e - mail :  website :  we don ' t want anyone  to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication  sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,  do not reply to this message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,free insbuyer com agency listing life insurance annuities disability insurance health insurance long term care insurance mortgage insurance estate planning medicare supplement insurance pre paid legal dental nsurance travel insurance viatical settlements auto insurance home insurance call e mail us today please fill form free listing name company address city state zip phone e mail website want anyone receive mailings wish professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: re : money issues ygr  repair your credit online ! it ' s the online credit breakthroughyou ' ve been waiting for ! in less than 5 minutes , directly from the comfort + convienience of your computer , yp 5 a 9 d 3 tsj 53 xfocwg 6 oflwjwsonnkigarhp 91 8 qyfvkpfqgknfyou could be repairing your credit ! you can watch daily real time updates , as you fix your problems get the information you need quickly and efficently to remove the negative credit items from your report ! click here for more informationthank you - the web credit ( tm ) team yp 5 a 9 d 3 tsj 53 xfocwg 6 oflwjwsonnkigarhp 91 8 qyfvkpfqgknf",1,money issues ygr repair credit online online credit breakthroughyou waiting less minutes directly comfort convienience computer yp tsj xfocwg oflwjwsonnkigarhp qyfvkpfqgknfyou could repairing credit watch daily real time updates fix problems get information need quickly efficently remove negative credit items report click informationthank web credit tm team yp tsj xfocwg oflwjwsonnkigarhp qyfvkpfqgknf
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want .  cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra  - the effect iasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country !  get it right now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactiy want cialis lot advantages viagra effect iasts hours ready start within minutes mix aicohol ship country get right
"Subject: re : bei enron  anjam ,  can you , please , invite gordian kemen to an interview in london ?  stinson , zimin , vasant and krishna can interview  him from houston ( video conference ) .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 04 / 2000  10 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jens gobel @ enron  03 / 16 / 2000 05 : 36 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : bei enron  gordian kemen on 03 / 15 / 2000 09 : 13 : 47 am  to : jens . gobel @ enron . com  cc :  subject : career opportunities @ enron  hi vince ,  following up to our chat on the phone .  gordian kemen will be arriving in austin on the 16 th . he will be staying in  austin for 2 weeks . he would very much appreciate to have the opportunity to  have a talk with you to find out if there is a place for him at enron . you  can reach him under ( 512 ) 301 - 9819 ( his parents in law ' s phone number ) .  thanks a lot for you help and attention ,  jens  - gordianresume . pdf",0,bei enron anjam please invite gordian kemen interview london stinson zimin vasant krishna interview houston video conference vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect jens gobel enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject bei enron gordian kemen jens gobel enron com cc subject career opportunities enron hi vince following chat phone gordian kemen arriving austin th staying austin weeks would much appreciate opportunity talk find place enron reach parents law phone number thanks lot help attention jens gordianresume pdf
"Subject: approval for reviewer  gibner , peyton s has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your  approval . you may review / modify this list of reviewers by logging on to pep  at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and going to supervisor services . please  remember , no feedback can be completed on gibner , peyton s until you have  approved the list .",0,approval reviewer gibner peyton suggested reviewers submitted approval may review modify list reviewers logging pep http pep corp enron com going supervisor services please remember feedback completed gibner peyton approved list
"Subject: re : 2001 fma european conference  thanks vince . looking forward to dinner on sunday with you and stinson .  john  at 11 : 52 am 11 / 29 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > the books have arrived and i shall fedex them tonight to your university  > address ( shown at the bottom of your messages ) .  > still fishing for the paper on network economy .  >  > vince  >  > p . s . shirley , the address is at the bottom .  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 11 / 28 / 2000 11 : 27 : 35 am  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : 2001 fma european conference  >  >  > that ' s fine . i didn ' t want to change anything until i heard from you guys .  >  > see ya !  >  > john  >  > at 11 : 06 am 11 / 28 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  > >  > > john ,  > >  > > thanks . stinson will be able to join us for dinner . he is opting out of  > > the paper due to his big workload but we can get his perspective on  > > the last 8 years he spent at enron .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > "" john d . martin "" on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 44 : 17 am  > >  > > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > > cc :  > > subject : 2001 fma european conference  > >  > >  > > here ' s the info on the european conference . just for your files .  > >  > > john  > >  > > > date : tue , 28 nov 2000 08 : 40 : 39 - 0500  > > > from : karen wright  > > > subject : 2001 fma european conference  > > > to : kwright @ fma . org  > > > x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 5 [ en ] ( win 98 ; i )  > > > x - accept - language : en , pdf  > > >  > > > 2001 fma european conference  > > >  > > > the fifth annual european meeting of the financial management  > > > association international ( fma ) will be held may 31 and june 1 , 2001 at  > > > the hotel sofitel ( rive gauche ) in paris , france . fma ' s european  > > > meeting brings together academicians and practitioners with interests in  > > > financial decision - making . the meeting provides a forum for presenting  > > > new research and discussing current issues in financial management ,  > > > investments , financial markets and institutions , and related topics .  > > > keynote addresses and other special presentations will be held in  > > > addition to research paper presentations .  > > >  > > > paper submissions  > > > research papers . the program includes traditional research paper  > > > presentations . criteria used to determine the suitability of these  > > > papers for the program include the nature of the research problem ,  > > > implications of the proposed research , the quality of the research  > > > design , and the expected contribution of the research to the  > > > literature . please note that the purpose of these sessions is to  > > > present new and unpublished research .  > > >  > > > submission fee . there is no submission fee for the fma european  > > > conference .  > > >  > > > submissions . please follow these steps :  > > > complete the presentation form that can be downloaded at  > > > www . fma . org / paris . htm . carefully select the subject code on the  > > > presentation form that most closely describes your research . the code  > > > number you select will be used to select reviewers for your proposal .  > > >  > > > send six ( 6 ) copies of your completed paper , along with the completed  > > > presentation form , to the fma office ( financial management association ,  > > > university of south florida , college of business administration , tampa  > > > fl 33620 - 5500 , usa ) .  > > > please note that only completed papers will be accepted for the fma  > > > european conference review process .  > > >  > > > the paper submission deadline is friday , december 1 , 2000 .  > > >  > > > you will receive an electronic confirmation of your submission within  > > > six weeks of its receipt by the fma office , and you will be notified of  > > > the results of the reviewing process by the middle of february , 2001 .  > > >  > > > competitive paper awards  > > > the financial management association international is pleased to  > > > announce that four ( 4 ) $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented in conjunction  > > > with the 2001 fma european conference . the "" young scholars "" award will  > > > be presented to the best paper authored by a ph . d . student ( or  > > > equivalent ) or recent ph . d . ( or equivalent ) graduate . three additional  > > > $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented to the papers deemed "" best of the best ""  > > > by the members of the 2001 fma european conference competitive paper  > > > awards committee . please note that these awards will be made only if , in  > > > the opinion of the fma awards committee , a paper warrants such a  > > > decision . the decisions of the fma awards committee are final .  > > >  > > > accepted papers . if your proposal is accepted , the version of the paper  > > > you submit will be sent to its discussant as soon as he / she is  > > > identified . you are obligated to send the final version of your paper to  > > > the discussant and session chair by april 27 , 2001 . you also are  > > > obligated to present your paper in a professional manner at the assigned  > > > fma program session .  > > >  > > > the collegiality of the meeting provides a very special opportunity for  > > > participants to share their work and to hear about the work others are  > > > doing . thus , individuals whose papers are accepted for presentation at  > > > the 2001 fma european conference will be expected to either chair a  > > > session or discuss a paper .  > > >  > > > program co - chairs  > > >  > > > francois degeorge  > > > hec paris  > > > 1 rue de la lib , ration  > > > 78351 jouy en josas cedex  > > > france  > > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 72 - 34 ( ph )  > > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 94 - 34 ( fax )  > > > degeorge @ hec . fr  > > >  > > > kent womack  > > > dartmouth college  > > > amos tuck school  > > > hanover , nh 03755  > > > 1 603 646 2806 ( ph )  > > > 1 603 646 1308 ( fax )  > > > kent . womack @ dartmouth . edu  > > >  > > > additional opportunities for participation  > > >  > > > session chairperson or discussant . if you wish to serve as the  > > > chairperson of a session or paper discussant , but are not submitting a  > > > paper , please complete the participation form which can be downloaded  > > > from www . fma . org / paris . htm . submit the completed form to the fma office  > > > by december 1 , 2000 . session organization will take place in march ,  > > > 2001 .  > > >  > > > deadline summary  > > >  > > > completed papers : december 1 , 2000  > > > chairperson / discussant requests : december 1 , 2000  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > john d . martin  > > carr p . collins chair in finance  > > finance department  > > baylor university  > > po box 98004  > > waco , tx 76798  > > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  > >  > >  > >  > >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,fma european conference thanks vince looking forward dinner sunday stinson john wrote john books arrived shall fedex tonight university address shown bottom messages still fishing paper network economy vince p shirley address bottom john martin vince j kaminski enron com cc subject fma european conference fine want change anything heard guys see ya john wrote john thanks stinson able join us dinner opting paper due big workload get perspective last years spent enron vince john martin vkamins enron com cc subject fma european conference info european conference files john date tue nov karen wright subject fma european conference kwright fma org x mailer mozilla en win x accept language en pdf fma european conference fifth annual european meeting financial management association international fma held may june hotel sofitel rive gauche paris france fma european meeting brings together academicians practitioners interests financial decision making meeting provides forum presenting new research discussing current issues financial management investments financial markets institutions related topics keynote addresses special presentations held addition research paper presentations paper submissions research papers program includes traditional research paper presentations criteria used determine suitability papers program include nature research problem implications proposed research quality research design expected contribution research literature please note purpose sessions present new unpublished research submission fee submission fee fma european conference submissions please follow steps complete presentation form downloaded www fma org paris htm carefully select subject code presentation form closely describes research code number select used select reviewers proposal send six copies completed paper along completed presentation form fma office financial management association university south florida college business administration tampa fl usa please note completed papers accepted fma european conference review process paper submission deadline friday december receive electronic confirmation submission within six weeks receipt fma office notified results reviewing process middle february competitive paper awards financial management association international pleased announce four awards presented conjunction fma european conference young scholars award presented best paper authored ph student equivalent recent ph equivalent graduate three additional awards presented papers deemed best best members fma european conference competitive paper awards committee please note awards made opinion fma awards committee paper warrants decision decisions fma awards committee final accepted papers proposal accepted version paper submit sent discussant soon identified obligated send final version paper discussant session chair april also obligated present paper professional manner assigned fma program session collegiality meeting provides special opportunity participants share work hear work others thus individuals whose papers accepted presentation fma european conference expected either chair session discuss paper program co chairs francois degeorge hec paris rue de la lib ration jouy en josas cedex france ph fax degeorge hec fr kent womack dartmouth college amos tuck school hanover nh ph fax kent womack dartmouth edu additional opportunities participation session chairperson discussant wish serve chairperson session paper discussant submitting paper please complete participation form downloaded www fma org paris htm submit completed form fma office december session organization take place march deadline summary completed papers december chairperson discussant requests december john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : real options  hi navroz  having presented my real options work at a recent conference , i think i can  see my way clear to producing a much reduced version ( 3 or 4 pages ) of my  "" diagrammatic real options "" paper . would risk still be interested in such a  shortened article ?  cheers ,  steve  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : "" navroz patel ""  05 / 23 / 2000 11 : 37 am  please respond to "" navroz patel ""  to :  cc :  subject : real options  steven ,  after further consultation with the technical editor , we feel that your work  would find a more suitable environment for exposure in the journal of risk .  ?  if you email a copy of your work ( to the editor - in - chief , philippe jorion )  and outline what has happened to :  ?  ? pjorion @ uci . edu  ?  then i am sure that they will be keen to give due consideration .  ?  thank you for your interest and sorry for the delay in coming to this  decision .  ?  best wishes ,  ?  navroz patel ,  technical assistant , risk magazine .  ?",0,real options hi navroz presented real options work recent conference think see way clear producing much reduced version pages diagrammatic real options paper would risk still interested shortened article cheers steve enron capital trade resources corp navroz patel please respond navroz patel cc subject real options steven consultation technical editor feel work would find suitable environment exposure journal risk email copy work editor chief philippe jorion outline happened pjorion uci edu sure keen give due consideration thank interest sorry delay coming decision best wishes navroz patel technical assistant risk magazine
"Subject: new retail electricity provider survey  as a result of recent deregulation in states such as pennsylvania and  california , many new companies are entering the retail energy market . today ,  consumers in several states are able to choose their energy provider in much  the same way they choose their long - distance phone company . a survey has  been commissioned by the research group to better understand which factors  are most important to consumers considering switching energy providers .  the survey consists of 28 question , and can be found on the following website :  if you , your spouse , or someone else in your family has time to take this  survey , we would appreciate your input .  feel free to forward this email to others . thanks for your time and  consideration .",0,new retail electricity provider survey result recent deregulation states pennsylvania california many new companies entering retail energy market today consumers several states able choose energy provider much way choose long distance phone company survey commissioned research group better understand factors important consumers considering switching energy providers survey consists question found following website spouse someone else family time take survey would appreciate input feel free forward email others thanks time consideration
"Subject: urgent response  dear sir / madam ,  you may be surprised to receive this letter from me , since you don ' t know me personally . i am mrs maria da costa the wife of dr . john da costa , who was recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe , i got your contact through network on line in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential transaction which involves a transfer of a fund to a foreign account and i decided to write you . my late husband was among the zimbabwean rich farmers murdered in cold blood by the agents of the ruling government of president robert mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean opposition party controlled by the white minority . before his death he deposited the sum of us $ 15 . 2 million ( fifteen million two hundred thousand us dollars ) to south africa with a security company as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe .  the money was deposited in a din box as valuables to avoid much demurrage from the security company . this money was embarked from the purchase of new machinery and chemical for farms and establishment of new farms in lesotho and swaziland . the land problem arose when president robert mugabe introduced a new land act that wholly affected the rich white farmers and some few blacks vehemently condemned the "" modus operandi "" adopted by the government .  this resulted to rampant killing and mob action by the war veterans and some political thugs , precisely ; more than fifty - one ( 51 ) people have so far been killed . heads of governments from the west , especially britain and united states of america have voiced their condemnation of mugabe ' s plan , subsequently , south african development community ( s . a . d . c . ) has continuously supported mugabe ' s new land act , it is against this background that i and my  family who are currently residing in south africa have decided to transfer my husband ' s money into a foreign account . as a family , i am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account , where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who is tactically freezing of our family wealth .  and south africa ' s government seems to be playing along with them . i am faced with the dilemma of investing this money in south africa for fear of encountering the same experience in future since both countries have almost the same political history . more so , the south african foreign exchange policy does not allow such investment hence we are seeking for an "" asylum "" . as a business person whom i would entrust my future and that of my family into his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free and that the nature of your business does not necessarily matter .  for your assistance , i will offering you 15 % of the total sum , 80 % for my family while 5 % will be mapped out for any expenses we may incur during the course of this transaction . i wish to  invest our part of the money on commercial property based on your advice .  finally , all i demand from you is assurance that you will not do away with this money when it finally gets to your personal or company ' s account in your country .  if this proposal is acceptable by you , please confirm your interest by contacting us on this phone number + 27724263169 or e - mail address mariadacosta _ 2002 @ yahoo . com  best regards ,  mrs maria da costa ( for the family )",1,urgent response dear sir madam may surprised receive letter since know personally mrs maria da costa wife dr john da costa recently murdered land dispute zimbabwe got contact network line search reliable reputable person handle confidential transaction involves transfer fund foreign account decided write late husband among zimbabwean rich farmers murdered cold blood agents ruling government president robert mugabe alleged support sympathy zimbabwean opposition party controlled white minority death deposited sum us million fifteen million two hundred thousand us dollars south africa security company foresaw looming danger zimbabwe money deposited din box valuables avoid much demurrage security company money embarked purchase new machinery chemical farms establishment new farms lesotho swaziland land problem arose president robert mugabe introduced new land act wholly affected rich white farmers blacks vehemently condemned modus operandi adopted government resulted rampant killing mob action war veterans political thugs precisely fifty one people far killed heads governments west especially britain united states america voiced condemnation mugabe plan subsequently south african development community c continuously supported mugabe new land act background family currently residing south africa decided transfer husband money foreign account family saddled responsibility seeking genuine foreign account money could transferred without knowledge government tactically freezing family wealth south africa government seems playing along faced dilemma investing money south africa fear encountering experience future since countries almost political history south african foreign exchange policy allow investment hence seeking asylum business person would entrust future family hands must let know transaction risk free nature business necessarily matter assistance offering total sum family mapped expenses may incur course transaction wish invest part money commercial property based advice finally demand assurance away money finally gets personal company account country proposal acceptable please confirm interest contacting us phone number e mail address mariadacosta yahoo com best regards mrs maria da costa family
"Subject: research and development charges to gpg  janice :  here is the memo i spoke to you about concerning the charges that need  to be reversed .  if you have any questions , please call me .  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 16 / 2000  09 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kimberly watson @ enron  06 / 15 / 2000 03 : 26 pm  to : kent miller / et & s / enron @ enron , martha janousek / et & s / enron @ enron , elaine  concklin / et & s / enron @ enron , vera apodaca / et & s / enron @ enron , rod  hayslett / fgt / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : research and development charges to gpg  vince , krishna and i met to discuss the research and development cross  charges to gpg for january through june . these charges are based upon a  budgeted amount of allocating three resources to the gpg group ( two resources  for revenue management and one resource for gpg marketing ) . we have utilized  the r & d group some during the first half of the year , but not to the full  extent of three resources . vince and krishna have agreed to reverse out some  of the charges that were budgeted january through june . we will revisit this  issue again toward the end of the year to determine if any adjustments are  necessary for july through december .  the budgeted amount january through june has been distributed between the nng  and tw as follows :  research and development  budget ( $ 000 ) nng tw et & s  january $ 46 . 7 $ 46 . 7  february $ 26 . 1 $ 20 . 4 $ 46 . 5  march $ 35 . 9 $ 10 . 2 $ 46 . 1  april $ 34 . 8 $ 10 . 2 $ 45 . 0  may $ 36 . 4 $ 8 . 8 $ 45 . 2  june $ 36 . 4 $ 8 . 8 $ 45 . 2  $ 274 . 7  out of the $ 274 . 7 budgeted for the first half of the year , $ 199 . 7 is to be  reversed back to the research and development department . this reversal will  occur in july . vince , vera apodaca ( ext . x 35980 ) will be our contact to  help facilitate the reversal of these charges .  elaine , the remaining $ 75 . 0 ( $ 274 . 7 - $ 199 . 7 ) is to be allocated with $ 50 . 0  going to the revenue management work order and $ 25 . 0 remaining in o & m .  if anyone has any questions or needs additional information , please don ' t  hesitate to call me ( x 33098 ) . thanks , kim .",0,research development charges gpg janice memo spoke concerning charges need reversed questions please call shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect kimberly watson enron pm kent miller et enron enron martha janousek et enron enron elaine concklin et enron enron vera apodaca et enron enron rod hayslett fgt enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject research development charges gpg vince krishna met discuss research development cross charges gpg january june charges based upon budgeted amount allocating three resources gpg group two resources revenue management one resource gpg marketing utilized r group first half year full extent three resources vince krishna agreed reverse charges budgeted january june revisit issue toward end year determine adjustments necessary july december budgeted amount january june distributed nng tw follows research development budget nng tw et january february march april may june budgeted first half year reversed back research development department reversal occur july vince vera apodaca ext x contact help facilitate reversal charges elaine remaining allocated going revenue management work order remaining anyone questions needs additional information please hesitate call x thanks kim
"Subject: fw : mark boland - deal examples and accomplishments  here ' s the list of deals and accomplishments for mark . . .  molly  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vasut , tony  sent : tuesday , march 13 , 2001 9 : 59 am  to : magee , molly  subject : fw : mark boland - deal examples and accomplishments  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : port , david  sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 10 : 47 am  to : vasut , tony  subject : fw : mark boland - deal examples and accomplishments  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : mark . boland @ seb . se @ enron  sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 8 : 05 am  to : port , david  subject : fw : mark boland - deal examples and accomplishments  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : boland , mark  > sent : tuesday , january 23 , 2001 15 : 26  > to : ' david . port @ enron . com '  > subject : mark boland  >  > david ,  >  > i ' ll attach below a short outline which i have recently put together to  > summarize what i ' ve been up to .  > also , i ' ve attached a couple of termsheets ( we had very few in english ) to  > give you a sample of my  > production . more is available if need be . i ' ve put together around 200  > various deals in the last 3 years .  > i believe you already have my resume from mark , but i ' ll be glad to send  > another copy .  >  > i ' ll be tracking you down on the phone in the near future .  > regards ,  > mark  >  >  > > >  >  > outline :  > 1 ) structuring  > a ) provided coordination of all parts and entities in closing  > structured bond deals . i . e . : coordination of  > swap . option , bond issuer , back offices , documentation , middle  > office , sales , traders ( swap desk and  > multiple counterparties ) , research , credit limits , legal , etc .  > b ) did all of the above in a ) in a profitable and successful manner ,  > while evolving the product  > and processes at seb . this was accomplished both individually and as  > part of a team .  > 2 ) idea generation  > a ) constantly provided group with new ideas to consider , every week .  > provided written  > and / or verbal explanation and additional information and coaching  > b ) have brought forth new ideas which we have used and made profits  > from  > 3 ) option trading  > a ) represent my department and seb to world ' s leading investment  > banks and derivatives  > traders on some of the most complex financial transactions carried  > out in today ' s market  > b ) successfully trade the product while maintaining huge profits ,  > and not making errors  > which cost the bank money  > c ) providing clients with a superior investment product  > d ) creating enormous profits from arbitrage trading on my own  > abilities ,  > 4 ) systems  > a ) constructed valuation model for use by back , middle office , and  > risk control , and ultimately  > clients receive the results of this , received positive feedback from  > users  > b ) part of team to negotiate and choose new equity derivatives  > systems  > 5 ) training other members of the structured department  > a ) product knowledge  > b ) market knowledge  > c ) system use  > d ) all aspects of structuring to stockholm and international sales  > team  > e ) have successfully played role of "" information booth "" and "" course  > instructor "" for  > members of the department and bank wide  >  >  >  > mark m . boland  > seb merchant banking  > 10640 stockholm , sweden  >  > telephone + 46 8 5062 3224  > cell + 46 70 772 3224  >  > this e - mail is from seb , skandinaviska enskilda banken . it may contain  > privileged and confidential information and is intended for the named  > recipient ( s ) only . if you are not an intended recipient , please notify us  > immediately by reply e - mail , delete this e - mail from your system and  > destroy any copy hereof .  >  - broschyr 204 engelska ny . pdf  - broschyr p + engelska . doc",0,fw mark boland deal examples accomplishments list deals accomplishments mark molly original message vasut tony sent tuesday march magee molly subject fw mark boland deal examples accomplishments original message port david sent monday march vasut tony subject fw mark boland deal examples accomplishments original message mark boland seb se enron sent monday march port david subject fw mark boland deal examples accomplishments original message boland mark sent tuesday january david port enron com subject mark boland david attach short outline recently put together summarize also attached couple termsheets english give sample production available need put together around various deals last years believe already resume mark glad send another copy tracking phone near future regards mark outline structuring provided coordination parts entities closing structured bond deals e coordination swap option bond issuer back offices documentation middle office sales traders swap desk multiple counterparties research credit limits legal etc b profitable successful manner evolving product processes seb accomplished individually part team idea generation constantly provided group new ideas consider every week provided written verbal explanation additional information coaching b brought forth new ideas used made profits option trading represent department seb world leading investment banks derivatives traders complex financial transactions carried today market b successfully trade product maintaining huge profits making errors cost bank money c providing clients superior investment product creating enormous profits arbitrage trading abilities systems constructed valuation model use back middle office risk control ultimately clients receive results received positive feedback users b part team negotiate choose new equity derivatives systems training members structured department product knowledge b market knowledge c system use aspects structuring stockholm international sales team e successfully played role information booth course instructor members department bank wide mark boland seb merchant banking stockholm sweden telephone cell e mail seb skandinaviska enskilda banken may contain privileged confidential information intended named recipient intended recipient please notify us immediately reply e mail delete e mail system destroy copy hereof broschyr engelska ny pdf broschyr p engelska doc
"Subject: re : joint probabilities  bob -  i ' ve edited our numbers a bit on the azurix analysis and would like you to  re - run the joint probabilities tables .  please note that i ' ve got 2 cases in the model now - an optimistic case and a  pessimistic case . i hope you can run both cases . ( you will need to toggle  for case 1 or 2 - real complicated stuff ! ! )  please keep everything else the same ( ie , the currency probabilities , rab  probabilities , etc . )  thanks for your help .  michael anderson  646 - 9666",0,joint probabilities bob edited numbers bit azurix analysis would like run joint probabilities tables please note got cases model optimistic case pessimistic case hope run cases need toggle case real complicated stuff please keep everything else ie currency probabilities rab probabilities etc thanks help michael anderson
"Subject: storage model back - testing  brad ,  with your success in automation of the testing , we can go ahead to test  storage cycles as follows  april 95 - march 96  april 96 - march 97  april 97 - march 98  april 98 - march 99  april 99 - march 00  this way we can collect 5 years data for further analysis .  zimin",0,storage model back testing brad success automation testing go ahead test storage cycles follows april march april march april march april march april march way collect years data analysis zimin
"Subject: enron storage analysis model audit  professor darrel duffie  450 miramonte avenue  palo alto , ca 94306  may 8 , 2000  dear professor duffie ,  i enclosed with this e - mail enron storage analysis model ( sam ) for your  review . the attached files include :  1 ) a brief documentation of the model ( sam . doc ) , 2 ) c - code of the main  routines , 3 ) excel spreadsheet interface ,  4 ) sam _ audit . dll .  dr . vince kaminski , dr . stinson gibner and myself have spent about one year  in developing this model .  with traders  , feedback incorporated , the model results are close to reality .  although there are features to be included ,  we believe the model is ready for your review . we look forward to your  comments and suggestions .  please feel free to contact me should you need additional detail .  sincerely ,  zimin lu  director , enron research  zlu @ enron . com  713 - 853 - 6388  enclosures",0,enron storage analysis model audit professor darrel duffie miramonte avenue palo alto ca may dear professor duffie enclosed e mail enron storage analysis model sam review attached files include brief documentation model sam doc c code main routines excel spreadsheet interface sam audit dll dr vince kaminski dr stinson gibner spent one year developing model traders feedback incorporated model results close reality although features included believe model ready review look forward comments suggestions please feel free contact need additional detail sincerely zimin lu director enron research zlu enron com enclosures
"Subject: interview thanks  dear dr . kaminski :  thank - you once again for inviting me to interview for a position in your  corporate research group . i very much enjoyed meeting you and your  colleagues . i was quite ? impressed by the excellent quality of the people  and the entrepreneurial spirit at enron . the ongoing projects in support of  energy and broadband ? marketing as well as insurance ? are very interesting  to me . i definitely would like to be a part of these efforts . thank - you  again for the opportunity to interview with your group .  ?  sincerely ,  rodney greene",0,interview thanks dear dr kaminski thank inviting interview position corporate research group much enjoyed meeting colleagues quite impressed excellent quality people entrepreneurial spirit enron ongoing projects support energy broadband marketing well insurance interesting definitely would like part efforts thank opportunity interview group sincerely rodney greene
"Subject: re : update / event time change  this will be fine - just let me know when you are going to be gone .  shirley  anita dupont @ enron  11 / 29 / 2000 05 : 01 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : update / event time change  shirley , this is the committee that i discussed with you this morning . the  below email outlines the time required . thanks for your consideration .  anita  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 55  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm  charla reese @ enron _ development  charla reese @ enron _ development  charla reese @ enron _ development  11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm  11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm  to : daryl kitchen @ enron communications , missy stevens @ enron , misha  siegel @ ect , zulie flores / corp / enron @ enron , maggie  valles / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rose  rivera / enron _ development @ enron _ development , donnis traylor / hou / ees @ ees ,  raquel guerrero @ enron communications , elsie lew @ ect , mary  ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron , rebecca longoria @ enron , joy werner @ enron , david  tagliarino @ ect , janie bonnard , sylvia thomas @ enron , lillian villarreal @ enron ,  valerie villareal / hou / ees @ ees , stephanie baker / hou / ees @ ees , dianne  langeland / enron _ development , laura schwartz @ enron , deb gebhardt @ enron ,  heather alon @ ect , michael cuccia / corp / enron @ enron , bert frazier @ ect , susan  rouse @ ees , sandy lewelling @ enron communications , sonia garcia / hou / ees @ ees ,  dolores escamilla @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc : elyse kalmans @ enron , greg grissom @ enron  subject : update / event time change  thanks to everyone for attending the meeting today !  event time change ! ! !  i just spoke with the office of the chairman and have learned that ken and  jeff are actually available during the morning of december 19 th from 8 : 00 am  until 11 : 00 am . as a result , our plans have changed just a little and i have  requested whether or not they are willing to pose for polaroid pictures with  employees - i ' ll let you know what i find out ! we will still have the jazz  duet and informational poster displays in the lobby throughout the day and  instead of dessert items , we ' ll order breakfast stuff .  assignments / budget ! ! ! !  please note assignments below ; for each team , collaborate between now and our  next meeting to determine what purchases need to be made - budgets will be  discussed at that meeting . again , it will be on wednesday , december 6 th from  9 : 30 am until 10 : 30 am with the location tbd .  kwanzaa - daryl kitchen * / liz taylor  chinese new year - elsie lew * / anita dupont  las posadas - zulie flores * / maggie valles / lillian villeral  christmas - donnis traylor * / missy stevens / michael cuccia  chanukah - laura schwartz * / heather alon  ramadan - sylvia thomas * / janie bonnard / dianne langeland  st . lucia - joy werner * / stephanie baker  devali - sonia garcia * / sophie patel / rebecca longoria  greeters / traffic control / corsages - sandy lewelling  executive floor - deb gebhardt  logistics - charla reese ( communication , entertainment , food , picture holders )  photographer - laura schwartz  houston children ' s choir - misha siegel  * indicates holiday team leader  responsibilities  attend planning committee meetings and work with other volunteers assigned to  your holiday .  research meaning of holiday and determine appropriate decorations , symbols , &  food items - purchase after budget approval .  create information sheet for employee hand - out .  decorate between 7 : 00 am and 8 : 00 am on 12 / 19 .  be creative ! ( play appropriate recorded music , dress up in related clothing ,  etc . )  ensure office is manned during open house ( 8 : 00 am - 11 : 00 am ) - answer any  questions , pass out materials , etc .  recruit additional volunteers !  additional volunteers  delores escamilla  val villeral  raquel guerrero  bert frazier  david tagliarino  rose riveria  thank you !  charla  x 35202",0,update event time change fine let know going gone shirley anita dupont enron pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject update event time change shirley committee discussed morning email outlines time required thanks consideration anita forwarded anita dupont na enron pm pm charla reese enron development charla reese enron development charla reese enron development pm pm daryl kitchen enron communications missy stevens enron misha siegel ect zulie flores corp enron enron maggie valles enron development enron development rose rivera enron development enron development donnis traylor hou ees ees raquel guerrero enron communications elsie lew ect mary ellenberger corp enron enron rebecca longoria enron joy werner enron david tagliarino ect janie bonnard sylvia thomas enron lillian villarreal enron valerie villareal hou ees ees stephanie baker hou ees ees dianne langeland enron development laura schwartz enron deb gebhardt enron heather alon ect michael cuccia corp enron enron bert frazier ect susan rouse ees sandy lewelling enron communications sonia garcia hou ees ees dolores escamilla ect anita dupont na enron enron cc elyse kalmans enron greg grissom enron subject update event time change thanks everyone attending meeting today event time change spoke office chairman learned ken jeff actually available morning december th result plans changed little requested whether willing pose polaroid pictures employees let know find still jazz duet informational poster displays lobby throughout day instead dessert items order breakfast stuff assignments budget please note assignments team collaborate next meeting determine purchases need made budgets discussed meeting wednesday december th location tbd kwanzaa daryl kitchen liz taylor chinese new year elsie lew anita dupont las posadas zulie flores maggie valles lillian villeral christmas donnis traylor missy stevens michael cuccia chanukah laura schwartz heather alon ramadan sylvia thomas janie bonnard dianne langeland st lucia joy werner stephanie baker devali sonia garcia sophie patel rebecca longoria greeters traffic control corsages sandy lewelling executive floor deb gebhardt logistics charla reese communication entertainment food picture holders photographer laura schwartz houston children choir misha siegel indicates holiday team leader responsibilities attend planning committee meetings work volunteers assigned holiday research meaning holiday determine appropriate decorations symbols food items purchase budget approval create information sheet employee hand decorate creative play appropriate recorded music dress related clothing etc ensure office manned open house answer questions pass materials etc recruit additional volunteers additional volunteers delores escamilla val villeral raquel guerrero bert frazier david tagliarino rose riveria thank charla x
"Subject: improved health jbtfcz  to  find out more , click on the link below  more info  increase your sex  drive ! ! !  great sexin a bottle !  knock  your sex drive into high gear !  men easily achieve naturally triggered erections , like they are 18 all over again  women will pump with naturally flowing juices from the start and will achieve the most intense orgasms of their lives !  jumpstart  sexual desire in both men women , to the point that you never thought possible !  .  has your sex life become dull , mundane , or even  non - existent ?  are you having trouble getting or "" keeping "" an erection ?  do you think you have lost the desire ?  or does your desire seem more like a chore ?  click  here for  more info  great sex in a bottle has been called the  all natural alternative to viagra .  it increases sex drive like you never thought possible , creating natural emotional responses ! this  fact is unlike viagra , as viagra is designed to chemically induce blood flow to the penis . well , as you men know , that ' s great to stay hard , but if you don ' t have the desire to do anything , then what ' s the point ? ! ! !  and all  for as low as $ 1 per pill , as opposed to viagra at $ 10  per pill !  xerox?ffffae  brother?ffffae  and more ! compatible with  all inkjet printers plain paper inkjet faxes  this message is being sent to you in compliance with the proposed  federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( s . 1618 - section 301 ) .  pursuant to section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 , further  transmissions to you by the sender of this e - mail may be stopped at no  cost to you by submitting a request to remove  further , this message cannot be considered spam as long as we  include sender contact information . you may contact us at ( 801 )  406 - 0109 to be removed from future mailings . ",1,improved health jbtfcz find click link info increase sex drive great sexin bottle knock sex drive high gear men easily achieve naturally triggered erections like women pump naturally flowing juices start achieve intense orgasms lives jumpstart sexual desire men women point never thought possible sex life become dull mundane even non existent trouble getting keeping erection think lost desire desire seem like chore click info great sex bottle called natural alternative viagra increases sex drive like never thought possible creating natural emotional responses fact unlike viagra viagra designed chemically induce blood flow penis well men know great stay hard desire anything point low per pill opposed viagra per pill xeroxffffae brotherffffae compatible inkjet printers plain paper inkjet faxes message sent compliance proposed federal legislation commercial e mail section pursuant section paragraph c transmissions sender e mail may stopped cost submitting request remove message considered spam long include sender contact information may contact us removed future mailings
"Subject: introducing hgh : the most powerful anti - obesity drug ever  hello , jm @ example . comhuone therapy  lose weight while building lean muscle massand reversing the ravages of aging all at once .  as seen on nbc , cbs , and cnn , and even oprah ! the health  discovery that actually reverses aging while burning fat ,  without dieting or exercise ! this proven discovery has even  been reported on by the new england journal of medicine .  forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed !  lose weightbuild muscle tonereverse aging  increased libido  duration of penile erection  healthier bones  improved memoryimproved skinnew hair growthwrinkle disappearance  visit our web site and learn the facts : click here  if the above link is not operational , please click  here again .  you are receiving this email as a subscr - in amerig lisve yoursts ,  just click  here ",1,introducing hgh powerful anti obesity drug ever hello jm example comhuone therapy lose weight building lean muscle massand reversing ravages aging seen nbc cbs cnn even oprah health discovery actually reverses aging burning fat without dieting exercise proven discovery even reported new england journal medicine forget aging dieting forever guaranteed lose weightbuild muscle tonereverse aging increased libido duration penile erection healthier bones improved memoryimproved skinnew hair growthwrinkle disappearance visit web site learn facts click link operational please click receiving email subscr amerig lisve yoursts click
"Subject: re : lsu visit ( resume )  datren ,  i am forwarding your resume to our analyst / associate program .  i talked to them about my needs for the summer and i don ' t see any problem .  they should contact you shortly .  vince kaminski  datren williams on 02 / 05 / 2000 03 : 46 : 43 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : lsu visit ( resume )  mr . kaminski ,  it was a pleasure and honor to have lunch with you . i also enjoyed your  presentation in our graduate class . i hope you enjoyed your visit to  baton rouge . come back to visit us sometime ! !  attached is my resume as you suggested . thank you for your interest in  lsu and me .  sincerely ,  datren l . williams  - resume . doc",0,lsu visit resume datren forwarding resume analyst associate program talked needs summer see problem contact shortly vince kaminski datren williams pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject lsu visit resume mr kaminski pleasure honor lunch also enjoyed presentation graduate class hope enjoyed visit baton rouge come back visit us sometime attached resume suggested thank interest lsu sincerely datren l williams resume doc
"Subject: re : attend pserc seminar on 11 / 30 and 12 / 1  lance .  perfect .  vince  lance cunningham @ enron on 11 / 13 / 2000 10 : 06 : 26 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : attend pserc seminar on 11 / 30 and 12 / 1  vince ,  i will be able to attend the pserc seminar on nov . 30 and dec . 1 . i also  picked up some additional information from ut concerning pserc this past  weekend while i was in austin .",0,attend pserc seminar lance perfect vince lance cunningham enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject attend pserc seminar vince able attend pserc seminar nov dec also picked additional information ut concerning pserc past weekend austin
Subject: software megastore  http : / / grimaldi . mainoemstore . com / ? a = 3107,1,software megastore http grimaldi mainoemstore com
"Subject: subprime refi mail sale  subprime  refi mail sale  do you want 50 + new refi ' s in  your pipeline this month ? if  so , please tell us two things : what type of borrowers do you want calling  in and how many calls you can handle per week ? we do the rest !  we can have your phones ringing within  7 daysturnkey direct mail  campaigns include : 1 . powerful proven mail pieces 2 . 100 % targeted  database 3 . exclusive market area availability 4 . postage with usps  priority mail deliveryyou just answer the phones and write the  loans ( 1003 ' s ) call :  1 - 877 - 266 - 0908 or email us  at : info @ . comvisit  us at www . . com  ask about our subprime refi mail sale ! ! !  we will fill your  pipeline ! infinity has been specializing in direct mail campaigns for  the mortgage industry for 15 years  to unsubscribe please email usaone @ cyberverse . com ",1,subprime refi mail sale subprime refi mail sale want new refi pipeline month please tell us two things type borrowers want calling many calls handle per week rest phones ringing within daysturnkey direct mail campaigns include powerful proven mail pieces targeted database exclusive market area availability postage usps priority mail deliveryyou answer phones write loans call email us info comvisit us www com ask subprime refi mail sale fill pipeline infinity specializing direct mail campaigns mortgage industry years unsubscribe please email usaone cyberverse com
"Subject: asset swaps vs cds ' s  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bryan seyfried / lon / ect on 30 / 03 / 2001  17 : 12 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  martin mcdermott  23 / 03 / 2001 18 : 47  to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : asset swaps vs cds ' s  john ,  i haven ' t had much time to put something together on this issue .  fundamentally both instruments represent the same credit risk , i . e . same  credit events and contingent payments , both represent senior unsecured credit  risk . the differences in pricing therefore arise purely from supply and  demand . one would expect generally that the asset swap would be lower than  the cds because of liquidity : there are only so many bonds out there , and so  demand for asset swaps is limited . i am attaching a one page note by jp  morgan where they claim that one of the principal reasons for the cds to be  more expensive is people hedging convertible bonds by combining ( 1 ) a call  option on the equity and ( 2 ) a cds . if the call is cheap they will be  willing to pay more for the cds , driving the price up . i ' ll try to  synthesize something more complete next week .  cheers  martin",0,asset swaps vs cds forwarded bryan seyfried lon ect martin mcdermott john sherriff lon ect ect bryan seyfried lon ect ect cc subject asset swaps vs cds john much time put something together issue fundamentally instruments represent credit risk e credit events contingent payments represent senior unsecured credit risk differences pricing therefore arise purely supply demand one would expect generally asset swap would lower cds liquidity many bonds demand asset swaps limited attaching one page note jp morgan claim one principal reasons cds expensive people hedging convertible bonds combining call option equity cds call cheap willing pay cds driving price try synthesize something complete next week cheers martin
"Subject: thanks  paige ,  thanks a lot for your presentation . it was an eye - opener in many cases .  i shall schedule a meeting with you next week to discuss how we can help you  in this project . i have some ideas i would like to run by you .  vince  p . s . shirley , please see if monday is ok for 30 mins ?",0,thanks paige thanks lot presentation eye opener many cases shall schedule meeting next week discuss help project ideas would like run vince p shirley please see monday ok mins
"Subject: re : lsu seminar visit  vince ,  please send a package of article reprints to the attention of joan payne at  the following address :  joan payne  department of finance  e . j . ourso college of business administration  louisiana state university  2163 ceba  baton rouge , la 70803  in your package , please indicate which presentation each reprint is  intended for ; i . e . , whether it is for student consumption on thursday  afternoon or finance faculty / doctoral student consumption on friday  morning . joan can make sure that we get the right number of copies  produced for the respective audiences .  concerning powerpoints - - just email these files to me and if it is all  right with you i will make them available for download by the faculty and  students on the class and research seminar webpages .  thanks again for being willing to visit lsu and present your knowledge to  our faculty and students .  sincerely ,  jim garven  at 01 : 39 pm 1 / 18 / 2000 + 0000 , you wrote :  > jim ,  >  > i can send you copies of the reprints of some papers i wrote  > or co - authored . please , let me know how many copies do you need .  >  > i shall prepare power point presentations for the student meeting  > and for the faculty meeting .  >  > for the students : review of my group ( things we work on ) with an intention  > of generating some interest among the students and soliciting resumes .  >  > for the faculty meeting : challenges that energy markets pose to financial  > modeling .  > i shall be able to e - mail the power point presentations later this month .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > jim garven on 01 / 17 / 2000 04 : 00 : 25 pm  >  > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  > cc :  > subject : re : lsu seminar visit  >  >  >  > dear vince ,  >  > would you mind emailing to me a short biography / vita sometime when you get  > a chance ? also , if you have a paper to circulate or any powerpoint slides  > that you ' ll want to use either in your presentations to my students  > thursday afternoon , 2 / 3 , or to the faculty seminar on friday morning , 2 / 4 ,  > please email these to me . this would be greatly appreciated .  >  > my colleagues and i are looking forward to your visit on feb . 3 - 4 to lsu .  >  > sincerely ,  >  > jim garven  >  >  > james r . garven  > william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services  > department of finance  > 2158 ceba  > e . j . ourso college of business administration  > louisiana state university  > baton rouge , la 70803 - 6308  >  > voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 | fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361  >  > e - mail : jgarven @ lsu . edu  > home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu  > vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html  > research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html  james r . garven  william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services  department of finance  2158 ceba  e . j . ourso college of business administration  louisiana state university  baton rouge , la 70803 - 6308  voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 | fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361  e - mail : jgarven @ lsu . edu  home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu  vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html  research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html  - attl . htm",0,lsu seminar visit vince please send package article reprints attention joan payne following address joan payne department finance e j ourso college business administration louisiana state university ceba baton rouge la package please indicate presentation reprint intended e whether student consumption thursday afternoon finance faculty doctoral student consumption friday morning joan make sure get right number copies produced respective audiences concerning powerpoints email files right make available download faculty students class research seminar webpages thanks willing visit lsu present knowledge faculty students sincerely jim garven pm wrote jim send copies reprints papers wrote co authored please let know many copies need shall prepare power point presentations student meeting faculty meeting students review group things work intention generating interest among students soliciting resumes faculty meeting challenges energy markets pose financial modeling shall able e mail power point presentations later month vince jim garven pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject lsu seminar visit dear vince would mind emailing short biography vita sometime get chance also paper circulate powerpoint slides want use either presentations students thursday afternoon faculty seminar friday morning please email would greatly appreciated colleagues looking forward visit feb lsu sincerely jim garven james r garven william h wright jr endowed chair financial services department finance ceba e j ourso college business administration louisiana state university baton rouge la voice fax e mail jgarven lsu edu home page http garven lsu edu vita http garven lsu edu dossier html research paper archive http garven lsu edu research html james r garven william h wright jr endowed chair financial services department finance ceba e j ourso college business administration louisiana state university baton rouge la voice fax e mail jgarven lsu edu home page http garven lsu edu vita http garven lsu edu dossier html research paper archive http garven lsu edu research html attl htm
Subject: congratulations - well deserved . ,0,congratulations well deserved
"Subject: unbelievable new homes for the usa !  it ' s a beautiful day today  homeowner  you have been pre - approved for a $ 431 , 221 home loan at a 3 . 29 fixed rate .  this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor .  to take advantage of this limited time opportunity  all we ask is that you visit our website and complete  the 1 minute post approval form  have a good day ,  shemika kelly",1,unbelievable new homes usa beautiful day today homeowner pre approved home loan fixed rate offer extended unconditionally credit way factor take advantage limited time opportunity ask visit website complete minute post approval form good day shemika kelly
"Subject: re : support on statistical modeling  thanks for the quick response . i look forward to meeting martin .  regards ,  rh  randall hicks  director - marketing  enron broadband services  1400 smith street  houston , tx 77002  work - 713 . 853 . 9970  randall _ hicks @ enron . net",0,support statistical modeling thanks quick response look forward meeting martin regards rh randall hicks director marketing enron broadband services smith street houston tx work randall hicks enron net
"Subject: re : weatherdelta demonstration scheduling  alex ,  i agree . let them make up the data . please , ask shirley to determine  convenient date and time .  vince  alex huang @ enron  11 / 01 / 2000 03 : 59 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , sevil  yaman / corp / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : weatherdelta demonstration scheduling  hi all ,  i got the following reply from mike denton .  can you let me know what time is most convenient for you so i will  arrange a time for the presentation ?  i don ' t think we should provide them any data , unless you think otherwise .  alex  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alex huang / corp / enron on 11 / 01 / 2000 03 : 54  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  denton mike on 11 / 01 / 2000 03 : 05 : 48 pm  to : alex . huang @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : weatherdelta demonstration scheduling  mr . huang ,  we would be happy to demonstrate the features and functionality of the  weatherdelta tool set for your team at enron . early next week ( tuesday or  wednesday ) are both possible , as well as early the following week . the  demonstration can take 90 minutes or more , depending on the number of  questions and the level of detail .  ideally , you could provide us with some of your data and we could  demonstrate how to value a full - requirements contract to service that  particular load . to do this we will need one or more years of hourly  consumption data , and the general location of the load . ideal data formats  are csv files of either 365 rows x 25 columns ( date , hrl , hr 2 . . ) or 8760 rows  x 3 columns ( date , hr , load ) . in lieu of using your data , we will provide  sample load data .  please feel free to call me and we can discuss schedules and the particulars  of the product overview and demonstration .  thank you for your interest ,  michael j . denton  vp na strategic consulting  caminus corporation  212 - 515 - 3667",0,weatherdelta demonstration scheduling alex agree let make data please ask shirley determine convenient date time vince alex huang enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect lance cunningham na enron enron sevil yaman corp enron enron stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject weatherdelta demonstration scheduling hi got following reply mike denton let know time convenient arrange time presentation think provide data unless think otherwise alex forwarded alex huang corp enron pm denton mike pm alex huang enron com cc subject weatherdelta demonstration scheduling mr huang would happy demonstrate features functionality weatherdelta tool set team enron early next week tuesday wednesday possible well early following week demonstration take minutes depending number questions level detail ideally could provide us data could demonstrate value full requirements contract service particular load need one years hourly consumption data general location load ideal data formats csv files either rows x columns date hrl hr rows x columns date hr load lieu using data provide sample load data please feel free call discuss schedules particulars product overview demonstration thank interest michael j denton vp na strategic consulting caminus corporation
"Subject: allocations  becky ,  please , take a look at the allocations sheet .  vince",0,allocations becky please take look allocations sheet vince
"Subject: your visit to sydney in july  dear vince ,  hi ! , it ' s only two weeks until the aust energy risk ( 17 - 19 july ) seminar in  sydney .  is risk organising your hotel ?  otherwise , kirsty can organise for you ,  eg harbour view at the regent or convenience to the seminar location at the  sheraton ?  we would like to make sure that you have all the necessary "" comforts "" of home  when you are with us ,  elliott & david can set up a desk for you in the office / trading room with  phone etc  so you can use one of our pc to access email or plug in your laptop .  please let elliott or david kmow your requirements .  how long will you be with us ?  is this your first trip to sydney ?  there are several of us in the office who would like to take you for a  meal ( s ) / show you the sights etc and  discuss the latest research findings with you whilst you are in sydney eg var .  hear from you soon .  raymond  725 pm 4 july",0,visit sydney july dear vince hi two weeks aust energy risk july seminar sydney risk organising hotel otherwise kirsty organise eg harbour view regent convenience seminar location sheraton would like make sure necessary comforts home us elliott david set desk office trading room phone etc use one pc access email plug laptop please let elliott david kmow requirements long us first trip sydney several us office would like take meal show sights etc discuss latest research findings whilst sydney eg var hear soon raymond pm july
"Subject: fresh , crisp leads from allmerica financial  through  established sponsored market programs with cpa firms ,  banks , credit unions and property and casualty firms ,  you ' ll receive the kind of leads you need to grow your  client base and meet their long - term financial needs .  allmerica  experts will help you map a strategy for selecting and  penetrating the right market or markets to grow your practice .  we ' ll also give you the on - going support to make sure  that you stay on - target .  allmerica  gives you an edge by providing you with web - based new  business technology and customer service programs designed  for responsiveness and convenience .  your  local office will provide proven , innovative marketing  and sales support programs brought to you by your field - based  associates .  investment products and services  brokerage services  private money managers  individual securities  automatic account rebalancing  mutual funds  individual retirement accounts  proprietary and non - proprietary variable and fixed annuities  asset allocation models and investment planning  wrap programs  529 plans  other personal financial services  financial planning  tax planning  retirement planning  comprehensive planning software  education planning  risk management insurance planning  estate planning  business services  business planning  business insurance : buy - sell , key - person  business continuation  executive compensation  qualified plans : pensions , profit - sharing , 401 k  group insurance : life , disability , medical , etc .  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  02 - 0977  we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish  to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to  insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,  do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,fresh crisp leads allmerica financial established sponsored market programs cpa firms banks credit unions property casualty firms receive kind leads need grow client base meet long term financial needs allmerica experts help map strategy selecting penetrating right market markets grow practice also give going support make sure stay target allmerica gives edge providing web based new business technology customer service programs designed responsiveness convenience local office provide proven innovative marketing sales support programs brought field based associates investment products services brokerage services private money managers individual securities automatic account rebalancing mutual funds individual retirement accounts proprietary non proprietary variable fixed annuities asset allocation models investment planning wrap programs plans personal financial services financial planning tax planning retirement planning comprehensive planning software education planning risk management insurance planning estate planning business services business planning business insurance buy sell key person business continuation executive compensation qualified plans pensions profit sharing k group insurance life disability medical etc please fill form information name e mail phone city state want anybody receive mailing wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  aii listed software is avaiiable for immediate downioad !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few examples :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage !  best regards ,  ardeil ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions german french spanish uk many others aii listed software avaiiable immediate downioad need wait week cd delivery examples norton lnternet security pro windows xp professional sp fuli version corel draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciuding macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianguage best regards ardeil
"Subject: re : many  hello helyette ,  i am in california this week , vacationing with my family . it is a spring  break week at stanford and we shall spend a few days in calistoga , north of  napa valley , a place famous for mineral water and geysers .  i shall talk to karla when i come back to houston about the speeding up the  process on our side . our lawyers typically sit on a contract for a few weeks  unless we put a lot of pressure on them . american lawyers tend to be very  meticulous : this is why the city of los angeles alone has more lawyers than  entire japan . i think about two sites for your software : houston and europe  ( most likely london ) .  i shall be honored to chair a session during the bachelier world congress at  college de france . please , let me know which session you have in mind for me .  the repeat the francfort presentation in paris on october 4 & 5 is fine with  me . i think the frankfurt presentation went quite well and it will be nice to  work wih you and alex again .  regards  vince  p . s . i shall keep my office cell phone on all the time , in case you need to  call me : 713 410 5396",0,many hello helyette california week vacationing family spring break week stanford shall spend days calistoga north napa valley place famous mineral water geysers shall talk karla come back houston speeding process side lawyers typically sit contract weeks unless put lot pressure american lawyers tend meticulous city los angeles alone lawyers entire japan think two sites software houston europe likely london shall honored chair session bachelier world congress college de france please let know session mind repeat francfort presentation paris october fine think frankfurt presentation went quite well nice work wih alex regards vince p shall keep office cell phone time case need call
"Subject: recruiting  i received this email some time ago , and may not have forward it to you . i  apologize for any oversight on my part . i ' ll also forward the email that i  sent as a response .  this , coupled with the information from sally gould , should get the comp .  fin . interview process started .  - kevin k .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 11 / 20 / 2000  04 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jean eisel on 11 / 06 / 2000 03 : 34 : 05 pm  to : kevin . kindall @ enron . com  cc : sgould @ andrew . cmu . edu  subject : re : recruiting  hi kevin  wow you sure do pack one e - mail .  i will try to answer questions . . . after each of you . . . look in the email  for answers .  - - on monday , november 06 , 2000 , 2 : 39 pm - 0600 kevin . kindall @ enron . com wrote :  > hello . it was a pleasure to come back to cmu , and i enjoyed  > interacting with the students . vince k . has expressed interest in  > interviewing the computational finance students . enron will conduct first  > round interviews with the mba students in december , and would like to set  > up seperate interviews for the comp . fin . students . enron would like to  > interview all the pittsburgh based comp . fin students , and we need to  > select a date and a time .  we are excited that you want to interview the comp finance students .  do you want to do it in dec . or before ? let me know what best suits you .  since there are only 16 individuals in the pittsburgh area . . . we should be  able to accomodate you . . . would you want one or two schedules . . ?  what is the formal protocol in such matters ?  >  all you need to do is let me know some ideal dates . . . and you send a job  description and names of the students you want to interview .  we will try to be as accomodating as possible .  > enron is also interested in the ecommerce students as we have  > ecommerce initiatives underway . it is my understanding that kristen  > gandy will be the contact for such activities .  if you can send me an e - mail address for kristen , i can get this strating  asap .  >  > regarding a houston based satellite program , vince needs a proposal  > in writing . would you be so kind as to send one ?  what program is vince interested in having a satellite program ? when he was  here he seemed less intererted in comp finance and more interested in  e - commerce .  i sent a note to michael shamos and tridas discussing this .  let me know which program and i will see if we can work anything out ?  > thanks so much , and i look forward to seeing you again in a few  > weeks .  >  thanks kevin for you speedy response .  >  >  >  >  jean e . eisel , ph . d .  associate dean , admissions , coc and alumni relations  gsia  carnegie mellon university  pittsburgh , pa 15213  412 - 268 - 2277  412 - 268 - 4146 ( fax )  currently in the news : carnegie mellon university mba program ranked 14 th  in business week ' s list of the best graduate schools of business in the  united states . ",0,recruiting received email time ago may forward apologize oversight part also forward email sent response coupled information sally gould get comp fin interview process started kevin k forwarded kevin kindall corp enron pm jean eisel pm kevin kindall enron com cc sgould andrew cmu edu subject recruiting hi kevin wow sure pack one e mail try answer questions look email answers monday november pm kevin kindall enron com wrote hello pleasure come back cmu enjoyed interacting students vince k expressed interest interviewing computational finance students enron conduct first round interviews mba students december would like set seperate interviews comp fin students enron would like interview pittsburgh based comp fin students need select date time excited want interview comp finance students want dec let know best suits since individuals pittsburgh area able accomodate would want one two schedules formal protocol matters need let know ideal dates send job description names students want interview try accomodating possible enron also interested ecommerce students ecommerce initiatives underway understanding kristen gandy contact activities send e mail address kristen get strating asap regarding houston based satellite program vince needs proposal writing would kind send one program vince interested satellite program seemed less intererted comp finance interested e commerce sent note michael shamos tridas discussing let know program see work anything thanks much look forward seeing weeks thanks kevin speedy response jean e eisel ph associate dean admissions coc alumni relations gsia carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa fax currently news carnegie mellon university mba program ranked th business week list best graduate schools business united states
"Subject: remaining work  vince ,  i shipped you the paper along with my note to don . however , i wanted to  share with you what i feel are the remaining "" to dos "" . specifically ,  1 . we need to document carefully the forces that were behind the original  transformation of enron . specifically , the fallout from deregulation ( take  or pay contract defaults , etc . ) , the impact of the losses from the oil  trading operation , the nationalization of the peruvian pipeline , and the  leveraging up to fend off the carl ichan takeover attempt .  2 . we need to complete / beef up the network strategy section .  3 . finally , the concluding section needs to be carefully crafted to  "" hammer home "" the basic principles underlying the transformation .  what do you think ?  hope you have a great weekend .  john  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,remaining work vince shipped paper along note however wanted share feel remaining dos specifically need document carefully forces behind original transformation enron specifically fallout deregulation take pay contract defaults etc impact losses oil trading operation nationalization peruvian pipeline leveraging fend carl ichan takeover attempt need complete beef network strategy section finally concluding section needs carefully crafted hammer home basic principles underlying transformation think hope great weekend john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: uae enquiries  dear sirs ,  emiratestenders provides you with the latest business information on projects , tenders , enquiries and business deals in the united arab emirates .  we will keep you informed about all business activities in abu dhabi , dubai , sharjah , al ain & northern emirates in areas such as construction , oilfield development , telecommunication , information technology , medical , power generation , roads & bridges & more .  emiratestenders provides members free access to the most comprehensive and detailed real time project and tender database with many benefits including :  complete access to our detailed real time database on all projects , tenders and enquiries in united arab emirates . ( details provided are : project number , project name , territory , client , client address , description , invitation date , post date , closing date , tender cost , budget , contractors , consultants , tender categories , status , remarks )  free e - mail notification on preferred areas of business and useful local business news .  easy to use search options .  archive of over 8 , 000 projects and tenders for market research and analysis which is updated on a daily basis .  a newsletter with information on the latest business activities in the uae .  free consultancy on local business requirements in the territory .  the people at emiratestenders have indepth knowledge and experience about the local market and can assist you to develop your business in the united arab emirates . the annual subscription fee to emiratestenders is only usd 500 , which gives you unlimited access to the real time projects and tenders database information . click here to see a sample page .  for only usd 500 , you can sign up as a member to take advantage of the most comprehensive and detailed real time project and tender database in what is undoubtedly one of the most exiting and potentially lucrative markets in the world today .  please visit http : / / www . uaeenquiries . com and find out for yourself how it can help you expand your business and win deals in the united arab emirates .  yours faithfully , sales and support teamtel : + 971 2 - 6348495 fax : + 971 2 - 6316465  you are receiving this e - mail because you have opted - in to receive special offers for business development or one of it ' s marketing partners . if you feel you have received this e - mail in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please reply to remove @ uaeenquiries . com with a "" remove "" subject in the email .",1,uae enquiries dear sirs emiratestenders provides latest business information projects tenders enquiries business deals united arab emirates keep informed business activities abu dhabi dubai sharjah al northern emirates areas construction oilfield development telecommunication information technology medical power generation roads bridges emiratestenders provides members free access comprehensive detailed real time project tender database many benefits including complete access detailed real time database projects tenders enquiries united arab emirates details provided project number project name territory client client address description invitation date post date closing date tender cost budget contractors consultants tender categories status remarks free e mail notification preferred areas business useful local business news easy use search options archive projects tenders market research analysis updated daily basis newsletter information latest business activities uae free consultancy local business requirements territory people emiratestenders indepth knowledge experience local market assist develop business united arab emirates annual subscription fee emiratestenders usd gives unlimited access real time projects tenders database information click see sample page usd sign member take advantage comprehensive detailed real time project tender database undoubtedly one exiting potentially lucrative markets world today please visit http www uaeenquiries com find help expand business win deals united arab emirates faithfully sales support teamtel fax receiving e mail opted receive special offers business development one marketing partners feel received e mail error wish receive additional special offers please reply remove uaeenquiries com remove subject email
"Subject: interview with ruewan jayasuriya  good morning ruwan :  the enron corp . research group would very much like to interview you on  friday , april 28 . the following schedule has been set up . please let me  know if it is not convenient for you .  friday , april 28 th :  1 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue  1 : 30 pm vince kaminski  2 : 00 pm stinson gibner  2 : 30 pm krishna krishnarao  3 : 00 pm zimin lu  3 : 30 pm tanya tamarchenko  all interviews will be conducted in conference room eb 1938 .  please come to the reception desk in the lobby of the enron bldg . and ask  for me . they will call me and i will meet you in the 19 th floor elevator  lobby .  if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2000  09 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 19 / 2000 08 : 56 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pushkar shahi / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : ruewan ' s resume  shirley ,  please set up an informal interview :  vk  vs  sg  kp  zl  tt  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2000  08 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pushkar shahi  04 / 18 / 2000 04 : 52 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ruewan ' s resume  vince :  as discussed , i am forwarding ruwan ' s resume to you . ruwan is very excited  about meeting with you and elaborating on his qualifications . please let me  know a convenient time for next friday ( 4 / 28 / 00 ) when he could visit with  you ( or any other day next week at your convenience ) .  i have briefly explained to him the nature of the job at enron research  laying special stress on quantitative , programming and modelling experience .  ruwans seems very interested in that kind of work .  sincerely ,  pushkar shahi  financial trading",0,interview ruewan jayasuriya good morning ruwan enron corp research group would much like interview friday april following schedule set please let know convenient friday april th pm vasant shanbhogue pm vince kaminski pm stinson gibner pm krishna krishnarao pm zimin lu pm tanya tamarchenko interviews conducted conference room eb please come reception desk lobby enron bldg ask call meet th floor elevator lobby questions please hesitate call sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research email shirley crenshaw enron com forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc pushkar shahi hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect subject ruewan resume shirley please set informal interview vk vs sg kp zl tt vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pushkar shahi pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject ruewan resume vince discussed forwarding ruwan resume ruwan excited meeting elaborating qualifications please let know convenient time next friday could visit day next week convenience briefly explained nature job enron research laying special stress quantitative programming modelling experience ruwans seems interested kind work sincerely pushkar shahi financial trading
"Subject: financial opportunity [ eew 58 ]  there are more financial opportunities out there than ever  before . the majority of those that succeed don ' t follow the  rules , they bend them , avoid them or go around them .  freedom 55 is for the suckers . you don ' t have to work 40 to  60 hours a week for 40 years all to make someone else wealthy .  we have a better way !  are you interested in creating immediate wealth ?  have you considered improving the quality of your life ?  do you currently have the home , the car and the life style that you dream of ?  our business develops 6 figure income earners , quickly and  easily . let us show you how you can go from just getting by  to earning over $ 100 , 000 in your first year of business .  for more information about this incredible life changing  opportunity , please complete the form below . the information  is free , confidential and you are under no risk or obligations .  name  address  city  state  alabama  alaska  arizona  arkansas  california  colorado  connecticut  delaware  dist of columbia  florida  georgia  hawaii  idaho  illinois  indiana  iowa  kansas  kentucky  louisiana  maine  maryland  massachusetts  michigan  minnesota  mississippi  missouri  montana  nebraska  nevada  new hampshire  new jersey  new mexico  new york  north carolina  north dakota  ohio  oklahoma  oregon  pennsylvania  rhode island  south carolina  south dakota  tennessee  texas utah  vermont  virginia  washington  west virginia  wisconsin  wyoming  zip code  home phone  time to contact  e - mail  desired monthly income  $ 500  $ 1000  $ 2500  $ 5000 +  - - - - - - - - - -  to receive no further offers from our company regarding  this subject or any other , please reply to this  e - mail with the word ' remove ' in the subject line .  st 4 t 6 p 42",1,financial opportunity eew financial opportunities ever majority succeed follow rules bend avoid go around freedom suckers work hours week years make someone else wealthy better way interested creating immediate wealth considered improving quality life currently home car life style dream business develops figure income earners quickly easily let us show go getting earning first year business information incredible life changing opportunity please complete form information free confidential risk obligations name address city state alabama alaska arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware dist columbia florida georgia hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming zip code home phone time contact e mail desired monthly income receive offers company regarding subject please reply e mail word remove subject line st p
"Subject: var for cob 2 nd aug 2000  hi vince ,  i was waiting for a comment about the email below before sending it to the  full mailing list . basically it suggests that the  copper option position may well have increased the var by more than $ 500 , 000 .  however , given that the portfoilo has also  changed from the lst of august it is difficult to asses the actual change due  to the option only .  regards  kirstee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kirstee hewitt / lon / ect on 03 / 08 / 2000  17 : 29 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe  from : kirstee hewitt 03 / 08 / 2000 16 : 29  to : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : var for cob 2 nd aug 2000  hi all ,  the cu option position has entered the mg books for the 2 nd aug . the delta is  35299 $ / mt for dec 2000 . the cu var has gone up  from $ 2 , 245 , 000 to $ 3 , 306 , 000 . i estimated that the portfolio for the lst  would increase to approx $ 3 , 039 , 000 so this seems sensible .  the overall var change is from $ 4 , 780 , 796 to $ 5 , 991 , 569 . again , the estimate  for the lst aug was for an increase in var to ~ $ 5 , 476 , 000 .  all estimates were based on a delta of 32 , 0004 / dmt .  there has also been some increase in the var for aluminium which will effect  the overall total .  a summary is as follows :  regards ,  kirstee",0,var cob nd aug hi vince waiting comment email sending full mailing list basically suggests copper option position may well increased var however given portfoilo also changed lst august difficult asses actual change due option regards kirstee forwarded kirstee hewitt lon ect enron europe kirstee hewitt cantekin dincerler hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect cc subject var cob nd aug hi cu option position entered mg books nd aug delta mt dec cu var gone estimated portfolio lst would increase approx seems sensible overall var change estimate lst aug increase var estimates based delta dmt also increase var aluminium effect overall total summary follows regards kirstee
"Subject: re : follow on conversation w / aa  amy - -  steve kean and i finally got to discuss this the other day and we decided  that this effort would likely be too time consuming and costly , particularly  for certain key employees , to justify doing it . it obviously is an  interesting topic but one that would require alot of attention ( and possibly  money ) to participate in fully . thanks for your attention to this .  to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : follow on conversation w / aa  rick - resending previous inquiry . waiting reply . thanks .  amy  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amy oberg / hou / ees on 08 / 23 / 2000 08 : 14 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron energy services  from : amy oberg 08 / 21 / 2000 08 : 37 am  phone no : 713 - 345 - 7381  to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : follow on conversation w / aa  rick :  i ' m assuming you had conference call w / aa on friday re : the new value  research lab effort - is that correct ? we are ready to regroup this week and  hear the results of your conversation . pls advise as to your feedback and  availability .  thanks .  amy",0,follow conversation w aa amy steve kean finally got discuss day decided effort would likely time consuming costly particularly certain key employees justify obviously interesting topic one would require alot attention possibly money participate fully thanks attention richard causey corp enron enron cc subject follow conversation w aa rick resending previous inquiry waiting reply thanks amy forwarded amy oberg hou ees enron energy services amy oberg phone richard causey corp enron enron cc subject follow conversation w aa rick assuming conference call w aa friday new value research lab effort correct ready regroup week hear results conversation pls advise feedback availability thanks amy
"Subject: new gas models preliminary schedule for next week  vince ,  here are the topics that our london folks are interested in .  have a good weekend .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 2000 02 : 41 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : anjam ahmad 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 12 am  to : natasha danilochkina / lon / ect @ ect , haakon olafsson / lon / ect @ ect , mark  jones / lon / ect @ ect  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : new gas models preliminary schedule for next week  dear all ,  please could you confirm your availability for meetings next week as follows : -  wednesday 31 st may  overview of uk gas products to be revalued  a ) wet gas swing deals ( teeside delivery )  b ) liquids extraction options  time : 9 . 30 am to 11 . 30 am ( 1 1 / 2 hrs ) , swl 001  zimin , anjam , natasha  wednesday 31 st may  overview of uk gas products to be revalued  c ) virtual storage ( enbank )  d ) dry gas swing deals  time : 3 pm to 4 . 30 pm ( 1 1 / 2 hrs ) , nel 002  zimin , anjam , natasha  wednesday 31 st may  simulation of uk gas forward curve  time : 5 pm to 6 pm ( 1 hr ) , nel 002  zimin , anjam , natasha , haakon  thursday lst june  model modifications to accomodate uk products  time : 9 . 30 am to 11 . 00 am , nwl 003  zimin , natasha , anjam  friday 2 nd june  it requirements for trading / rm model  a ) booking / mtm  b ) exposures and hedge ratios calculation  time : 9 . 30 am to 11 am , nwl 003  zimin , mark jones , natasha  invitations to follow . . .  thanks ,  anjam  x 35383",0,new gas models preliminary schedule next week vince topics london folks interested good weekend zimin forwarded zimin lu hou ect pm enron capital trade resources corp europe anjam ahmad natasha danilochkina lon ect ect haakon olafsson lon ect ect mark jones lon ect ect cc zimin lu hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect subject new gas models preliminary schedule next week dear please could confirm availability meetings next week follows wednesday st may overview uk gas products revalued wet gas swing deals teeside delivery b liquids extraction options time hrs swl zimin anjam natasha wednesday st may overview uk gas products revalued c virtual storage enbank dry gas swing deals time pm pm hrs nel zimin anjam natasha wednesday st may simulation uk gas forward curve time pm pm hr nel zimin anjam natasha haakon thursday lst june model modifications accomodate uk products time nwl zimin natasha anjam friday nd june requirements trading rm model booking mtm b exposures hedge ratios calculation time nwl zimin mark jones natasha invitations follow thanks anjam x
"Subject: wharton interviews  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kristin gandy / na / enron on 01 / 30 / 2001  03 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : kristin gandy 01 / 29 / 2001 05 : 32 pm  to : jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees  cc : bryan kite / enron communications @ enron communications , michele nezi  marvin / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : wharton interviews  this is a request for your interview participation . the associate program  will be on the wharton , mba campus interviewing summer associate interns next  week . due to business reasons , previously scheduled interviewers from the  wharton team have had to cancel their participation .  currently , i need two interviewers for monday , february 5 th and two  interviewers for tuesday , february 6 th . please let me know of your  availability . campus interviews are scheduled as follows :  place : rittenhouse hotel  210 west rittenhouse square  philadelphia , pa 19103  date : monday , february 5 th tuesday , february 6 th  day one interviews day two interviews  time : 8 : 30 a . m . to 5 : 00 p . m . 8 : 30 a . m . to 4 : 00 p . m .  interviewers : bryan kite - confirmed  michele nezi marvin - confirmed  in the event that you have scheduling conflicts and cannot participate , any  referrals at the director or vp level would be greatly appreciated .  as always , thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext . 5 - 3214 if you  have any questions .  kristin gandy  associate recruiting",0,wharton interviews forwarded kristin gandy na enron pm kristin gandy pm jeremy blachman hou ees ees cc bryan kite enron communications enron communications michele nezi marvin enron communications enron communications subject wharton interviews request interview participation associate program wharton mba campus interviewing summer associate interns next week due business reasons previously scheduled interviewers wharton team cancel participation currently need two interviewers monday february th two interviewers tuesday february th please let know availability campus interviews scheduled follows place rittenhouse hotel west rittenhouse square philadelphia pa date monday february th tuesday february th day one interviews day two interviews time p p interviewers bryan kite confirmed michele nezi marvin confirmed event scheduling conflicts participate referrals director vp level would greatly appreciated always thank time please contact ext questions kristin gandy associate recruiting
"Subject: resume for bruce james  dr . kaminski :  please find attached my resume and cover letter .  sincerely ,  bruce james  - jameslett 60 . zip",0,resume bruce james dr kaminski please find attached resume cover letter sincerely bruce james jameslett zip
"Subject: fwd : our conversation today  return - path :  from : awenda 2000 @ cs . com  full - name : awenda 2000  message - id :  date : mon , 4 dec 2000 12 : 47 : 07 est  subject : our conversation today  to : wkamins @ enron . com  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary = "" part 2 _ 12 . 59 ad 86 b . 275 d 329 b _ boundary ""  x - mailer : unknown sub 111  hi wincenty ,  it was a pleasure talking to you today . i am enclosing my resume and look  forward to talking to you again .  best regards  bibianna  - bibianna res . # 2 . doc",0,fwd conversation today return path awenda cs com full name awenda message id date mon dec est subject conversation today wkamins enron com mime version content type multipart mixed boundary part ad b b boundary x mailer unknown sub hi wincenty pleasure talking today enclosing resume look forward talking best regards bibianna bibianna res doc
"Subject: http : / / www . blomqvist . org  hello ,  i have visited www . blomqvist . org and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net .  give your website maximum exposure today !  looking forward to hearing from you .  best regards ,  vanessa lintner  sales marketing  www . seekercenter . net  you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me : ",1,http www blomqvist org hello visited www blomqvist org noticed website listed search engines sure service number people visit website definitely increase seekercenter unique technology instantly submits website search engines directories really low cost effective way advertise site details please go seekercenter net give website maximum exposure today looking forward hearing best regards vanessa lintner sales marketing www seekercenter net receiving email opted receive special offers partner website feel received email error wish receive additional special offers please enter email address click button remove
"Subject: reactions log - in password  http : / / www . reactionsnet . com  dear reactions subscriber ,  you are entitled to free access to the reactions website .  here is your username and password ( case sensitive ) to use this service . you  can use them to access the latest issue of reactions on the web whenever you  wish . you can also search the extensive archive of back issues and contact  us via email .  username = kaminski  password = 105006  web address = http : / / www . reactionsnet . com  please keep them in a safe place as you will need them every time you log on .  if you have any problems in logging on or using this site please feel free to  contact our dedicated help desk - telephone number + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 or  email web - help @ eurmoneyplc . com",0,reactions log password http www reactionsnet com dear reactions subscriber entitled free access reactions website username password case sensitive use service use access latest issue reactions web whenever wish also search extensive archive back issues contact us via email username kaminski password web address http www reactionsnet com please keep safe place need every time log problems logging using site please feel free contact dedicated help desk telephone number email web help eurmoneyplc com
"Subject: the answer ! ! !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000  03 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nathan mantua on 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 21 : 37 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : pdo  i ' m not sure what to think , other than we really don ' t have a  credible way to determine what will happen with the pdo . one factor  that provides insight into the climate outlook for the next few months  and next few seasons is the expected changes with enso ( for which  there is some demonstrated skill in forecasting ) . the latest  observations show trends to near - normal enso conditions , with  some indication that ocean temperatures will likely be a bit  warmer than normal in the tropics . if this is true , i ' d expect a slight  bias toward el nino - like climate over north america , which would  tend to go against the continuation of cold phase pdo conditions .  best wishes ,  nate mantua  mrobert @ ect . enron . com wrote :  > hi  >  > are you thinking we are moving into a cold phase pdo now ? ?  >  > thanks  >  > mike roberts  - -  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ? nathan mantua email : mantua @ atmos . washington . edu ? ( 206 ) 616 - 5347 fax : ( 206 ) 616 - 5775 ? ? dept of atmospheric sciences , jisao ? university of washington ? box 354235 ? seattle wa 98195 - 4235 ? ? http : / / www . atmos . washington . edu / ~ mantua ? ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  - attl . htm",0,answer forwarded mike roberts hou ect pm nathan mantua pm mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject pdo sure think really credible way determine happen pdo one factor provides insight climate outlook next months next seasons expected changes enso demonstrated skill forecasting latest observations show trends near normal enso conditions indication ocean temperatures likely bit warmer normal tropics true expect slight bias toward el nino like climate north america would tend go continuation cold phase pdo conditions best wishes nate mantua mrobert ect enron com wrote hi thinking moving cold phase pdo thanks mike roberts nathan mantua email mantua atmos washington edu fax dept atmospheric sciences jisao university washington box seattle wa http www atmos washington edu mantua attl htm
"Subject: cera conference call playback now available - cera conference call  playback  title : regulatory scorecard for power : who ' s on first ? what ' s on second ?  url ( s ) :  in a may 17 , 2001 , cera conference call and web presentation , amy biehl , sharon  reishus , and dan mahoney discussed :  regulatory scorecard for power : who ' s on first ? what ' s on second ?  * has the dust finally settled from the backlash of the california power crisis  on other states ' efforts to restructure the electric industry ?  * where do congress and the bush administration stand on electric industry  reform ?  * status of retail competition for electric power and natural gas  please follow above url to view and listen to a replay of this cera multimedia  conference call . when the premiere conferencing placeware window opens , simply enter your name and click the "" view "" button . a "" recording key code "" is not required .  hosted by premiere conferencing .  * * end * *  e - mail category : conference call playback  cera knowledge area ( s ) : north american power , retail energy  cera ' s spring 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available  at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event  to make changes to your cera . com profile go to :  forgot your username and password ? go to :  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information  from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is  confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,  distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,  in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates",0,cera conference call playback available cera conference call playback title regulatory scorecard power first second url may cera conference call web presentation amy biehl sharon reishus dan mahoney discussed regulatory scorecard power first second dust finally settled backlash california power crisis states efforts restructure electric industry congress bush administration stand electric industry reform status retail competition electric power natural gas please follow url view listen replay cera multimedia conference call premiere conferencing placeware window opens simply enter name click view button recording key code required hosted premiere conferencing end e mail category conference call playback cera knowledge area north american power retail energy cera spring roundtable event dates agendas available http www cera com event make changes cera com profile go forgot username password go http www cera com client forgot electronic message attachments contain information cambridge energy research associates inc cera confidential may privileged unauthorized disclosure copying distribution use contents message attachments whole part strictly prohibited terms use http www cera com tos questions comments webmaster cera com copyright cambridge energy research associates
"Subject: java class starting feb 20 th .  some notes on the upcoming java class . we have an extremely high interest  in the class , which is good , but since we are limited to 15 students , not  everyone who expressed an interest could be accomodated .  those registered are :  1 martin lin  2 . chonawee  3 . tom barkley  4 . lance cunningham  5 . seksan kiatsupaibul  6 . wichai narongwanich  7 . praveen mellacheruvu  8 . sevil yaman  9 . stephen bennett  10 . sam smith  11 . jason sokolov  12 . jaesoo lew  13 . amitava dhar  14 . george hopley ' s group  15 . george hopley ' s group  each person taking the class will need to find a laptop computer ( shirley may  be able to help ) and be sure that the proper software is installed before the  course . chonawee will try to install the s / w on his laptop as a test case .  the class is divided into two weeks . each week consisting of 4 days , noon  to 5 p . m . the first four days are feb 20 - 23 , so mark your calendars . the  classes in feb . will be in 30 cl ( tuesday ) and 30 c 2 ( remainder of the week ) .  if you can not attend please let me know , so that others who want to take the  class can take your place .  - - stinson",0,java class starting feb th notes upcoming java class extremely high interest class good since limited students everyone expressed interest could accomodated registered martin lin chonawee tom barkley lance cunningham seksan kiatsupaibul wichai narongwanich praveen mellacheruvu sevil yaman stephen bennett sam smith jason sokolov jaesoo lew amitava dhar george hopley group george hopley group person taking class need find laptop computer shirley may able help sure proper software installed course chonawee try install w laptop test case class divided two weeks week consisting days noon p first four days feb mark calendars classes feb cl tuesday c remainder week attend please let know others want take class take place stinson
"Subject: new procedures for enron it purchasing  attention ! starting 06 / 22 / 00 , enron it purchasing will no longer be able to  receive orders for it equipment . to place an order , please proceed to the  following website : http : / / itcentral . enron . com any orders  sent to enron it purchasing before this date will be processed - - you do not  need to enter another request . enron it purchasing will still be open to  status requests , approval notifications and pricing inquiries . thank you  very much for your patience and cooperation !  it sourcing and procurement .",0,new procedures enron purchasing attention starting enron purchasing longer able receive orders equipment place order please proceed following website http itcentral enron com orders sent enron purchasing date processed need enter another request enron purchasing still open status requests approval notifications pricing inquiries thank much patience cooperation sourcing procurement
"Subject: re : recruiting  a response from jean . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 11 / 06 / 2000  03 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jean eisel on 11 / 06 / 2000 03 : 34 : 05 pm  to : kevin . kindall @ enron . com  cc : sgould @ andrew . cmu . edu  subject : re : recruiting  hi kevin  wow you sure do pack one e - mail .  i will try to answer questions . . . after each of you . . . look in the email  for answers .  - - on monday , november 06 , 2000 , 2 : 39 pm - 0600 kevin . kindall @ enron . com wrote :  > hello . it was a pleasure to come back to cmu , and i enjoyed  > interacting with the students . vince k . has expressed interest in  > interviewing the computational finance students . enron will conduct first  > round interviews with the mba students in december , and would like to set  > up seperate interviews for the comp . fin . students . enron would like to  > interview all the pittsburgh based comp . fin students , and we need to  > select a date and a time .  we are excited that you want to interview the comp finance students .  do you want to do it in dec . or before ? let me know what best suits you .  since there are only 16 individuals in the pittsburgh area . . . we should be  able to accomodate you . . . would you want one or two schedules . . ?  what is the formal protocol in such matters ?  >  all you need to do is let me know some ideal dates . . . and you send a job  description and names of the students you want to interview .  we will try to be as accomodating as possible .  > enron is also interested in the ecommerce students as we have  > ecommerce initiatives underway . it is my understanding that kristen  > gandy will be the contact for such activities .  if you can send me an e - mail address for kristen , i can get this strating  asap .  >  > regarding a houston based satellite program , vince needs a proposal  > in writing . would you be so kind as to send one ?  what program is vince interested in having a satellite program ? when he was  here he seemed less intererted in comp finance and more interested in  e - commerce .  i sent a note to michael shamos and tridas discussing this .  let me know which program and i will see if we can work anything out ?  > thanks so much , and i look forward to seeing you again in a few  > weeks .  >  thanks kevin for you speedy response .  >  >  >  >  jean e . eisel , ph . d .  associate dean , admissions , coc and alumni relations  gsia  carnegie mellon university  pittsburgh , pa 15213  412 - 268 - 2277  412 - 268 - 4146 ( fax )  currently in the news : carnegie mellon university mba program ranked 14 th  in business week ' s list of the best graduate schools of business in the  united states . ",0,recruiting response jean forwarded kevin kindall corp enron pm jean eisel pm kevin kindall enron com cc sgould andrew cmu edu subject recruiting hi kevin wow sure pack one e mail try answer questions look email answers monday november pm kevin kindall enron com wrote hello pleasure come back cmu enjoyed interacting students vince k expressed interest interviewing computational finance students enron conduct first round interviews mba students december would like set seperate interviews comp fin students enron would like interview pittsburgh based comp fin students need select date time excited want interview comp finance students want dec let know best suits since individuals pittsburgh area able accomodate would want one two schedules formal protocol matters need let know ideal dates send job description names students want interview try accomodating possible enron also interested ecommerce students ecommerce initiatives underway understanding kristen gandy contact activities send e mail address kristen get strating asap regarding houston based satellite program vince needs proposal writing would kind send one program vince interested satellite program seemed less intererted comp finance interested e commerce sent note michael shamos tridas discussing let know program see work anything thanks much look forward seeing weeks thanks kevin speedy response jean e eisel ph associate dean admissions coc alumni relations gsia carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa fax currently news carnegie mellon university mba program ranked th business week list best graduate schools business united states
"Subject: re : durasoft - - java class  siva , i will have to check and see if we can accomodate a 5 day 8 to 5  class . also , president ' s day is a holiday for us , so we may have to look  at a later date .  - - stinson  "" siva thiagarajan "" on 01 / 29 / 2001 08 : 51 : 02 am  to :  cc :  subject : re : durasoft - - java class  stinson ,  i have attached a file along with this email  that lists the software needed for our  java class .  we would like to do the class from monday thru  friday , 8 am to 5 pm . that way we can complete  the class within a week . we are unable to offer  classes in the evenings or for few hours a week .  we usually teach week long courses for our  other clients and because of that we won ' t  be available .  currently , we can do the class from feb . 19 th  through feb . 23 ( that is if you are working on  feb 19 th , president ' s day ) .  i will call you sometime this afternoon to talk  further . please feel free to reach me if you have  any further questions in the mean time .  regards ,  - siva  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  to : siva @ durasoftcorp . com  date : friday , january 26 , 2001 5 : 52 pm  subject : re : durasoft - - java class  >  > siva ,  >  > a few additional questions . can you tell me what software would be  > required for the students ? also , when would venkat be available to start  > the class and what type of schedule would you recommend ? would having two  > hour classes twice a week from , say , 4 - 6 pm work ? we have a high level of  > interest and just need to iron out the details . feel free to call me  > ( late afternoon on monday might be best ) at 713 853 4748 or email .  >  > - - stinson  >  >  >  - javasoftwareneeds . htm",0,durasoft java class siva check see accomodate day class also president day holiday us may look later date stinson siva thiagarajan cc subject durasoft java class stinson attached file along email lists software needed java class would like class monday thru friday pm way complete class within week unable offer classes evenings hours week usually teach week long courses clients available currently class feb th feb working feb th president day call sometime afternoon talk please feel free reach questions mean time regards siva original message stinson gibner enron com siva durasoftcorp com date friday january pm subject durasoft java class siva additional questions tell software would required students also would venkat available start class type schedule would recommend would two hour classes twice week say pm work high level interest need iron details feel free call late afternoon monday might best email stinson javasoftwareneeds htm
"Subject: livelink access  sorry for the miscommunication but your password is blank . after you log in .  please change your password by going to the go to menu and change your  password .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2001  08 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner  03 / 05 / 2001 03 : 37 pm  to : kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , tom  halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , bob  lee / na / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / enron @ enronxgate , gwyn  koepke / na / enron @ enron , rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect ,  rabi de / na / enron @ enron , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , seksan  kiatsupaibul / hou / ees @ ees , wichai narongwanich / hou / ees @ ees , sevil  yaman / corp / enron @ enron , tom barkley / na / enron @ enron , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , praveen  mellacheruvu / hou / ees @ ees , sandeep kohli @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : livelink access  you have been added to the livelink test instance for research . see below  for the link .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 05 / 2001  03 : 32 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron technology  from : moyez lallani @ enron 01 / 16 / 2001 10 : 46 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : livelink access  gentlemen ,  i have created a folder called research projects folder in the livelink test  instance . the url to the test instance is  to log in , use your nt login id as your userid and password ( all lowercase ) .  you will find the folder on the enterprise workspace . please call me should  you require further assistance .  moyez lallani  x 5 - 3683",0,livelink access sorry miscommunication password blank log please change password going go menu change password forwarded stinson gibner hou ect stinson gibner pm kenneth parkhill na enron enron jaesoo lew na enron enron tom halliburton corp enron enron kevin kindall corp enron enron bob lee na enron enron alex huang corp enron enron tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect joseph hrgovcic enron enronxgate gwyn koepke na enron enron rakesh bharati na enron enron martin lin hou ect ect rabi de na enron enron chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron seksan kiatsupaibul hou ees ees wichai narongwanich hou ees ees sevil yaman corp enron enron tom barkley na enron enron pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect osman sezgen hou ees ees praveen mellacheruvu hou ees ees sandeep kohli enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject livelink access added livelink test instance research see link forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm enron technology moyez lallani enron stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc subject livelink access gentlemen created folder called research projects folder livelink test instance url test instance log use nt login id userid password lowercase find folder enterprise workspace please call require assistance moyez lallani x
"Subject: re : agenda for vc  craig ,  thanks for your email regarding tomorrow ' s houston / london videoconference .  attached is an updated spreadsheet which elaborates upon the issues amitava  and i will discuss tomorrow .  regards ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : chaney , craig  sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 2 : 34 pm  to : kirkpatrick , eric ; salmon , scott ; cruver , brian ; dhar , amitava ; mack ,  iris ; mumford , mike ; detiveaux , kim  subject : agenda for vc  folks ,  here were some of the things i thought would be useful we could discuss :  status and schedule on data aquistion : iris and mike  riskcalc testing : methodology , criteria , and schedule : iris and amitava  model development : which model are going be developed and when : iris and  amitava  feel free to add to the agenda .  craig",0,agenda vc craig thanks email regarding tomorrow houston london videoconference attached updated spreadsheet elaborates upon issues amitava discuss tomorrow regards iris original message chaney craig sent thursday april pm kirkpatrick eric salmon scott cruver brian dhar amitava mack iris mumford mike detiveaux kim subject agenda vc folks things thought would useful could discuss status schedule data aquistion iris mike riskcalc testing methodology criteria schedule iris amitava model development model going developed iris amitava feel free add agenda craig
"Subject: re : summer internship  jinbaek ,  you can coordinate the details with me .  let me know what the time frame is for you  and we shall send you an appropriate offer .  vince  jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : summer internship  dr . kaminski ,  thank you very much .  of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity  to work at such a wonderful company .  i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team ,  and was going to express my appreciation to you again  after settling down process with them .  for the period of working ,  i still need to coordinate with my advisor and  may need to adjust according to that .  but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly .  please let me know whether i should keep contacting  with deal bench team ,  for working period and  for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc .  i appreciate you so much again ,  for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity .  all this opportunity will not be available to me ,  without your kind help .  warm regards ,  jinbaek  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' "" ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > hello ,  >  > sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship .  >  > please , let me know if you are interested .  >  > vince kaminski  >  >",0,summer internship jinbaek coordinate details let know time frame shall send appropriate offer vince jinbaek kim pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer internship dr kaminski thank much course happy opportunity work wonderful company contacting surech raghavan deal bench team going express appreciation settling process period working still need coordinate advisor may need adjust according anyway try coordinate smoothly please let know whether keep contacting deal bench team working period misc living support finding place rent car etc appreciate much arranging meetings giving opportunity opportunity available without kind help warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears fri mar vince j kaminski enron com wrote hello sorry delay getting back would like much offer summer internship please let know interested vince kaminski
"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  ordering viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miliions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1,ready get hello viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction like one jokes sais strong enouqh man made woman ordering viaqra online convinient fast secure way miliions people daily save privacy money order
"Subject: day rates forward market  enclosed for your review is a draft copy of the four examples that i am  considering showing to aa as we request that they consider the chances of our  trading partners / customers receiving hedge treatment from trades such as  these . please review this writing , make suggestions and comments and either  email those changes back to me or fax them to me at 713 - 646 - 8416 . if you  would rather send your recommendations via courier , send them to eb 3585 b .  martin , please suggest wording for insurance products that meet the same  needs of the customer as the derivative examples . outline any significant  issues and send me those recommendations by thursday at noon if possible .  john",0,day rates forward market enclosed review draft copy four examples considering showing aa request consider chances trading partners customers receiving hedge treatment trades please review writing make suggestions comments either email changes back fax would rather send recommendations via courier send eb b martin please suggest wording insurance products meet needs customer derivative examples outline significant issues send recommendations thursday noon possible john
"Subject: re : ca for henwood engagement  sandeep ,  it probably makes sense for you to directly coordinate the signing of the  contract for henwood . attached is another copy of the earlier email  containing a draft contract provided by bonnie nelson in legal . she would  still like to change section 6 on exclusivity . her number in houston is  713 646 7712 .  let me know whatever i can do to help .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2001  08 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bonnie nelson @ enron _ development  01 / 11 / 2001 12 : 51 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep  subject : re : ca for henwood engagement  stinson ,  attached please find a draft consulting agreement for use with henwood .  you will want to review it before you send it to henwood . please see section  6 in particular . also , i put in that arbitration will be in houston and  texas law will apply . we could move that to new york , with new york law if  that is better for henwood . if pressed , we could make it singapore or u . k .  law , with arb in singapore . but any other law , including australian law ,  would mean we would need to get this contract reviewed by foreign counsel - - so  i strongly urge you to argue for texas or ny law ( no other state , please ) .  i tried to make this agreement reflect the terms in henwood ' s proposal , and  believe i succeeded . our form has some additional terms not contained in  their proposal , as well as fcpa boilerplate ( ie . , the "" business conduct "" and  "" drug policy "" language ) . also , i just want to point out that this agreement  allows them to subcontract the work - - but only with our written agreement .  under their proposal , the subcontractor costs will be charged to us at cost  plus 15 % - - so you might not want to do it .  please let me know if you have any comments or questions .  bonnie",0,ca henwood engagement sandeep probably makes sense directly coordinate signing contract henwood attached another copy earlier email containing draft contract provided bonnie nelson legal would still like change section exclusivity number houston let know whatever help stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect bonnie nelson enron development pm stinson gibner hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect sandeep subject ca henwood engagement stinson attached please find draft consulting agreement use henwood want review send henwood please see section particular also put arbitration houston texas law apply could move new york new york law better henwood pressed could make singapore u k law arb singapore law including australian law would mean would need get contract reviewed foreign counsel strongly urge argue texas ny law state please tried make agreement reflect terms henwood proposal believe succeeded form additional terms contained proposal well fcpa boilerplate ie business conduct drug policy language also want point agreement allows subcontract work written agreement proposal subcontractor costs charged us cost plus might want please let know comments questions bonnie
"Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender  this message was created automatically by mail delivery software .  a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its  recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed :  steve . carpenter @ up 4 it . demon . co . uk  ( generated from steve . carpenter @ up 4 it . info )  smtp error from remote mailer after end of data :  host punt - 1 . mail . demon . net [ 194 . 217 . 242 . 248 ] :  550 blocked by recipient ' s spam filter options . if message is legitimate , please forward a copy to rbl @ demon . net for investigation .  - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - -  return - path :  received : from [ 222 . 47 . 74 . 64 ] ( helo = mailwisconsin . com )  by seven . mx . 123 - reg . co . uk with smtp ( exim 4 . 43 )  id ldupqo - 0001 fc - bw  for steve . carpenter @ up 4 it . info ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 00 : 39 + 0100  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360701 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : steve . carpenter @ up 4 it . info  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie !",1,mail delivery failed returning message sender message created automatically mail delivery software message sent could delivered one recipients permanent error following address es failed steve carpenter demon co uk generated steve carpenter info smtp error remote mailer end data host punt mail demon net blocked recipient spam filter options message legitimate please forward copy rbl demon net investigation copy message including headers return path received helo mailwisconsin com seven mx reg co uk smtp exim id ldupqo fc bw steve carpenter info tue jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo steve carpenter info user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbelivabie
"Subject: re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince )  kaminski : eva : remedy 412144  raul ,  raul ,  vince kaminiski is requesting acces to the technical view for catalog along with the ibuyit approval role . this is pending your approval . please send your response to sap security .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw @ ect  04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 01 pm  to : sapsecurity @ enron . com  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : ibuyit form  attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing  director , research group .  he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ibuyit form  hi shirley  there were two shirleys , so sending to both  isc help desk",0,pending approval ibuyit request wincenty vince kaminski eva remedy raul raul vince kaminiski requesting acces technical view catalog along ibuyit approval role pending approval please send response sap security thanks shirley crenshaw ect pm sapsecurity enron com cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject ibuyit form attached please find completed form vince kaminski managing director research group approving purchases cost center forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm debbie skinner enron enronxgate pm shirley crenshaw houston eott eott shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject ibuyit form hi shirley two shirleys sending isc help desk
"Subject: re :  shirley ,  i will take half day off tomorrow morning , on friday , in addition to today ' s  afternoon .  tanya",0,shirley take half day tomorrow morning friday addition today afternoon tanya
"Subject: re : transition to research group - an update  sounds great - -  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 06 : 21 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  molly ,  thanks .  let ' s wait for sandeep : he comes back wednesday .  anshuman will work with him .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 06 : 08 pm  to : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  once again , margaret , we are in your debt . vince , let ' s get together some  time next week and see where you would like us to go with this . . .  molly  margaret daffin  01 / 19 / 2001 03 : 27 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  molly : just to be sure that everyone understands , anshuman cannot work in  the us on a bl visa - he can only come here for business meetings and  training .  we will have to get him the ll visa in order for him to work in the us .  margaret  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 53 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  thank you so much for the information , vince . i hope that you have a great  weekend !  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 39 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  molly ,  i shall ask sandeep to do it when he comes back from india next week .  i have just learned that anshuman has bl visa and he can start on a project  as a person  delegated by dhabol power company to houston . to be absolutely above the line ,  i would still arrange the ll visa .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 10 : 44 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  i agree that it makes sense to put the ll in place . there are several things  we will need from you in order to start the visa process . the first is a  fairly detailed job description for anshuman . secondly , we also need to know  whether or not he will be in a managerial position here and / or managing a  project . if there is someone else in your group who can furnish this job  description , just let me know and i will be happy to contact him / her .  as for sandeep , i have been told that he is a u . s . resident so there should  be no problems with him . margaret daffin will be contacting him to be  absolutely sure .  thanks ,  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 10 : 21 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  molly ,  let ' s get ll for anshuman , just in case . i am sure he will stay here for a  while  once he comes . it is quite obvious jeff shankman will have to keep him  longer ,  given the priority of the project .  i assume there are no problems with sandeep .  thanks .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 09 : 54 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : transition to research group - an update  thank you for the update , vince . i have been working with margaret daffin  with regard to anshuman ' s visa status . we will have to get an ll visa in  place before he can come to the united states , even in a temporary  capacity . do you want to move forward with that effort at this time , or  is the possibility of him coming to the u . s . so remote that it wouldn ' t be  worth the time and money right now ?  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 19 / 2001 09 : 42 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : transition to research group - an update  molly ,  this is an update on anshuman . please , see below . it seems  that his transfer is not an issue for the time being .  we can put it on a back - burner till he gets here .  vince  p . s . the relevant section .  i also spoke about anshuman , and there was resistance to his leaing for such  a long time . however , i have agreement from folks here to send him to  houston for a shorter stint on dpc budget . i will try to finalize that  before i leave . i will call you in the evening to just chat .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001  09 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sandeep kohli @ enron _ development  01 / 19 / 2001 04 : 32 am  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : transition to research group - an update  vince ,  just wanted to let you know that i had a meeting with wade cline ( coo , enron  india ) , neil mcgregor ( president , dpc ) , and mohan gurunath ( cfo , dpc ) today .  though i had already spoken to all of them earlier about my joining your  group , today it became official , and all of them supported the move . i  explained to them what we would be doing , and the results expected from the  henwood study .  dpc would like to pay the costs for the study , and that was mentioned . there  maybe some tax issues etc . that need to be cleared , and other related issues  that i would like to discuss with you , so i will leave them till i get to  houston .  i also spoke about anshuman , and there was resistance to his leaing for such  a long time . however , i have agreement from folks here to send him to  houston for a shorter stint on dpc budget . i will try to finalize that  before i leave . i will call you in the evening to just chat .  i am very thankful to you for giving the opportunity you have . things here  have deteriorated dramatically over the last few weeks . morale is quite down  due to many lay - offs .  i am really looking forward to returning to houston , and the family ! !  regards ,  sandeep .",0,transition research group update sounds great molly vince j kaminski pm molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly thanks let wait sandeep comes back wednesday anshuman work vince enron north america corp molly magee pm margaret daffin hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update margaret debt vince let get together time next week see would like us go molly margaret daffin pm molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly sure everyone understands anshuman work us bl visa come business meetings training get visa order work us margaret enron north america corp molly magee pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc margaret daffin hou ect ect subject transition research group update thank much information vince hope great weekend molly vince j kaminski pm molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly shall ask sandeep comes back india next week learned anshuman bl visa start project person delegated dhabol power company houston absolutely line would still arrange visa vince enron north america corp molly magee vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc margaret daffin hou ect ect subject transition research group update agree makes sense put place several things need order start visa process first fairly detailed job description anshuman secondly also need know whether managerial position managing project someone else group furnish job description let know happy contact sandeep told u resident problems margaret daffin contacting absolutely sure thanks molly vince j kaminski molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly let get anshuman case sure stay comes quite obvious jeff shankman keep longer given priority project assume problems sandeep thanks vince enron north america corp molly magee vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc margaret daffin hou ect ect subject transition research group update thank update vince working margaret daffin regard anshuman visa status get visa place come united states even temporary capacity want move forward effort time possibility coming u remote worth time money right molly vince j kaminski molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject transition research group update molly update anshuman please see seems transfer issue time put back burner till gets vince p relevant section also spoke anshuman resistance leaing long time however agreement folks send houston shorter stint dpc budget try finalize leave call evening chat forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect sandeep kohli enron development vince j kaminski ect cc subject transition research group update vince wanted let know meeting wade cline coo enron india neil mcgregor president dpc mohan gurunath cfo dpc today though already spoken earlier joining group today became official supported move explained would results expected henwood study dpc would like pay costs study mentioned maybe tax issues etc need cleared related issues would like discuss leave till get houston also spoke anshuman resistance leaing long time however agreement folks send houston shorter stint dpc budget try finalize leave call evening chat thankful giving opportunity things deteriorated dramatically last weeks morale quite due many lay offs really looking forward returning houston family regards sandeep
"Subject: resending paper  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 08 : 18  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" lynn nazareth "" on 04 / 27 / 2001 12 : 46 : 37 pm  to : jason . sokolov @ enron . com  cc :  subject : resending paper  jason :  here is our team ' s assignment . please confirm receipt . i am also sending you  the file via my outlook address in case this doesn ' t work .  this is our team :  helen demianenko  javier lamas  lynn nazareth  shauywn smith  carlos wheelock  sarah wooddy  thanks , jason ! see you at enron this fall !  lynn  get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com  - mg _ analysis _ final . doc",0,resending paper forwarded jason sokolov hou ect lynn nazareth pm jason sokolov enron com cc subject resending paper jason team assignment please confirm receipt also sending file via outlook address case work team helen demianenko javier lamas lynn nazareth shauywn smith carlos wheelock sarah wooddy thanks jason see enron fall lynn get free download msn explorer http explorer msn com mg analysis final doc
"Subject: dave d . presentation  vince ,  here it is . i did not include a slide about london . let me know if you  think it is needed .  stinson",0,dave presentation vince include slide london let know think needed stinson
"Subject: material for thu 2 mar wg meeting  fyi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 29 / 00 01 : 15  pm - - - - -  nevil @ ipn . caida . org  02 / 28 / 00 10 : 35 pm  to : metrics @ caida . org  cc : ( bcc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications )  subject : material for thu 2 mar wg meeting  hello all :  appended below you ' ll find a summary of ideas that people have contributed  since we at caida began to get the metrics wg started . some of this  material has already appeared on the metrics mailing list , the older  material comes from personal emails . i ' m posting it again to give us all  some more ideas to think about .  for those who are able to attend the wg meeting in san jose this thursday  ( 2 mar ) , i ' d like to spend time in the morning getting to know about  attendees interests and experience in making internet measurements .  i suggest that a good way to do this would be to have each group give a  short ( 10 minutes , response times , and this gets even more interesting . . . you only need  > to be able to see traffic in one direction ( from client to server ) to  > get a fairly accurate round - trip time from the client to the server  > ( irrespective of how far away the client is from your measurement  > host ) , because of tcps three - way handshake for connection  > establishment ; when you see the opening syn , you wait for the client  > to ack the server ' s syn ack and you have the client - > server round - trip  > time . i think you ' ve actually already done some of this ? we could  > also potentially try to correlate dns queries and tcp connections ,  > perhaps determining some probabilities in a given environment of a  > host initiating a tcp connection to a host for which it just received  > an a record , and track various application - level response times ( i ' d  > personally love to have a lot of data on the ratio of dns response  > time to tcp transfer time for http connections ) . even if the  > measurement makes no attempt to discern what constitutes a web  > transaction to the user ( a full page , usually many tcp connections ) .  >  > anyway , i think there are some fairly interesting things we can  > measure with simple techniques , these are just some simple ones .  > there may be some interesting things we could do by digging into  > payloads of a few of the other highly - utilized applications , but doing  > it for tcp is a nightmare perfomance - wise . but we now have the basic  > infrastructure to do things with dns over udp . we can probably cover  > any open udp protocol without incurring performance penalties that  > would make it completely unusable . snmp , for example . . . while its  > application is limited , network service providers would find  > round - trip time information for snmp packets from their network  > management stations to agents very useful . i think there are some  > rudimentary things we can do with tcp as well , and i also think some  > sites would be interested in having some rudimentary information . for  > example , a weighted ( by traffic ) round - trip time distribution for tcp  > traffic to / from all networks with which you communicated ( say at / 24  > granularity ) . this gives sites a notion of how close they are to  > those they talk to most frequently . with a little more work , we could  > probably make reasonable bandwidth estimates for every end network for  > which we see tcp data ( we could certainly get a reasonable number for  > the maximum observed bandwidth ) .  >  > these methods also decouple the measurement from the traffic . while we  > all know the value of that , i think it ' s significant in that active  > probers can be run on the same host , decoupled from the actual  > measurement , and with timestamps coming from kernel space ( bpf ) . i ' ve  > been thinking about this for a long time , because eventually i ' d like  > skitter ( and other tools ) to be able to do use tcp packets for probing ,  > with no need for things like ip firewall code ; if i can just properly  > time non - blocking connects , and count on the passive tool to see the syn  > and syn ack , i can use any tcp port for round - trip time measurements and  > not trick my kernel by sending tcp packets on a raw socket . i need  > feedback from the passive tool for tracing like skitter ( it needs to  > know when a reply has been seen from a hop and when the destination has  > been reached ) , but it ' s not difficult ( simple bytestream - oriented ipc is  > sufficient ) .  >  > going further , i like the idea proposed by some others ( maybe funded at  > this point , i ' m not tracking it ) of instrumenting the freenix tcp / ip  > stacks . a lot of useful information could be pulled from the stack .  > but eventually someone ' s going to have to come up with what pieces of  > information are desirable enough for someone to want their stack  > instrumented ( and it ' ll have to be somewhere between what ' s currently  >  > implemented and a full - blown metering system like rtfm ) . and i think in  > the interim , there are a lot of things we could do using libpcap on our  > local machines , non - promiscuous and in user space ( safe , easy to  > implement and test ) . to me the benefits here are :  >  > - a user is likely to have a tangible , well - understood relationship  > with their workstation ( understood by them ) . this is particularly  > true for those of us with network expertise . so it ' s at least  > plausible that we can find correlations of measurements with  > user experience in a fairly short period of time , helping us hone in  > on what ' s useful . even if we only find weak correlations ( for  > whatever reason ) , once a correlation exists , more people will be  > interested in helping with development because it ' ll be something  > they ' ll use personally .  > - we ' re essentially guaranteed to see traffic in both directions .  >  > i ' d personally be interested in trying to find some small sets of  > information that correlate to user experiences , so that it doesn ' t  > take a terabyte of disk and 64 processors to deal with data from say  > 10 , 000 desktops . : - )  >  > anyway , just some random thoughts . the hard part for me at the moment  > is thinking about useful generalizations and infrastructure to support  > them . . .  cindy bickerstaff responded . .  > we ' re just starting to capture the mss and window size negotiations between  > timeit and servers to get an idea of what is typical or usual . wonder if  > daniel ' s code could do that too from the various traffic monitoring points  > caida has out there ? the data could be used to fill in some parameters for  > trying to model some of the passive data collected . since a typical web page  > has many elements between a single client and server the first or base page  > gives you a starting idea of what to expect and the subsequent elements are  > like repeat measurements of the same path over a very short time interval .  > since there is a strong time of day / week effect ( volumes and perf ) , the  > short duration of the data collection from a single web page ( incl .  > elements ) might give some options for modeling ( and maybe getting a better  > estimate of packet loss ) . i ' ve really enjoyed joining the e 2 e - interest group  > for the ideas on factors and the references to past modeling attempts ( e . g .  > mathis , et . al . paper . . . ack its bulk transfer focus ) .  paul krumviede highlighted the difficulty of agreeing on details  of how to measure common metrics like availability , reliability ,  throughput and latency .  > an example was throughput . since it was proposed  > that this be measured using a tcp file transfer of  > random data , one concern was what does this do  > to latency ? and where does this get measured ? as  > many customers of this service would not be large  > businesses , measuring this from the customer end  > of a 56 - or 64 - kbps circuit was almost certain to  > drive end - to - end latency measurements beyond  > defined bounds . measuring it from within points in  > the provider ' s network ( s ) might show figures that the  > customers could never see themselves .  >  > the compromise was to define the throughput metric  > as ocurring at access link loads of no more than 50 %  > of the bit rate . but how does one measure that ? and  > so on . . .  >  > given that this discussion was recognized as being the  > prelude to the imposition of minimal slas , as part of the  > "" certification "" process for service providers , this may be  > an illustration of the perils of discussing slas and metrics  > in some interchangable form . but they may not be easy  > to separate in the minds of some .  carter bullard said  > i ' m specifically interested in bridging  > rtfm and ippm work , particularly to describe how an  > rtfm can be a generic connectivity monitor . ippm  > describes type - p - unidirection and bidirectional  > connectivity , and a single point rtfm can detect  > these conditions , but standard descriptions for how  > this can be done would be very useful .  >  > personally , one of the things that i ' m interested  > in is tcp based streaming services performance , such  > as that seen in internet radio distribution , and of  > course ip telephony wireline performance metrics would  > be very good to describe .  nevil brownlee comments that he ' s also very interested in  developing the rtfm meter as a platform for more general measurements .  two areas seem interesting ( apart from getting more information  from tcp streams ) : ~  + qos / difserv performance  ( what metrics do we need to characterise this ? )  + ipsec ( what metrics will still be useful when we can ' t  look at port numbers ? what kinds of traffic can still be  identified ? )  curtis villamizar said  > i ' m particularly interested in the work on dos at  > http : / / www . cs . washington . edu / homes / savage / traceback . html and would  > like to see that on the agenda .  this would provide a general way of determining where packets came from ,  not just a tool for tracing dos attacks . ",0,material thu mar wg meeting fyi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications pm nevil ipn caida org pm metrics caida org cc bcc ravi thuraisingham enron communications subject material thu mar wg meeting hello appended find summary ideas people contributed since caida began get metrics wg started material already appeared metrics mailing list older material comes personal emails posting give us ideas think able attend wg meeting san jose thursday mar like spend time morning getting know attendees interests experience making internet measurements suggest good way would group give short minutes response times gets even interesting need able see traffic one direction client server get fairly accurate round trip time client server irrespective far away client measurement host tcps three way handshake connection establishment see opening syn wait client ack server syn ack client server round trip time think actually already done could also potentially try correlate dns queries tcp connections perhaps determining probabilities given environment host initiating tcp connection host received record track various application level response times personally love lot data ratio dns response time tcp transfer time http connections even measurement makes attempt discern constitutes web transaction user full page usually many tcp connections anyway think fairly interesting things measure simple techniques simple ones may interesting things could digging payloads highly utilized applications tcp nightmare perfomance wise basic infrastructure things dns udp probably cover open udp protocol without incurring performance penalties would make completely unusable snmp example application limited network service providers would find round trip time information snmp packets network management stations agents useful think rudimentary things tcp well also think sites would interested rudimentary information example weighted traffic round trip time distribution tcp traffic networks communicated say granularity gives sites notion close talk frequently little work could probably make reasonable bandwidth estimates every end network see tcp data could certainly get reasonable number maximum observed bandwidth methods also decouple measurement traffic know value think significant active probers run host decoupled actual measurement timestamps coming kernel space bpf thinking long time eventually like skitter tools able use tcp packets probing need things like ip firewall code properly time non blocking connects count passive tool see syn syn ack use tcp port round trip time measurements trick kernel sending tcp packets raw socket need feedback passive tool tracing like skitter needs know reply seen hop destination reached difficult simple bytestream oriented ipc sufficient going like idea proposed others maybe funded point tracking instrumenting freenix tcp ip stacks lot useful information could pulled stack eventually someone going come pieces information desirable enough someone want stack instrumented somewhere currently implemented full blown metering system like rtfm think interim lot things could using libpcap local machines non promiscuous user space safe easy implement test benefits user likely tangible well understood relationship workstation understood particularly true us network expertise least plausible find correlations measurements user experience fairly short period time helping us hone useful even find weak correlations whatever reason correlation exists people interested helping development something use personally essentially guaranteed see traffic directions personally interested trying find small sets information correlate user experiences take terabyte disk processors deal data say desktops anyway random thoughts hard part moment thinking useful generalizations infrastructure support cindy bickerstaff responded starting capture mss window size negotiations timeit servers get idea typical usual wonder daniel code could various traffic monitoring points caida data could used fill parameters trying model passive data collected since typical web page many elements single client server first base page gives starting idea expect subsequent elements like repeat measurements path short time interval since strong time day week effect volumes perf short duration data collection single web page incl elements might give options modeling maybe getting better estimate packet loss really enjoyed joining e e interest group ideas factors references past modeling attempts e g mathis et al paper ack bulk transfer focus paul krumviede highlighted difficulty agreeing details measure common metrics like availability reliability throughput latency example throughput since proposed measured using tcp file transfer random data one concern latency get measured many customers service would large businesses measuring customer end kbps circuit almost certain drive end end latency measurements beyond defined bounds measuring within points provider network might show figures customers could never see compromise define throughput metric ocurring access link loads bit rate one measure given discussion recognized prelude imposition minimal slas part certification process service providers may illustration perils discussing slas metrics interchangable form may easy separate minds carter bullard said specifically interested bridging rtfm ippm work particularly describe rtfm generic connectivity monitor ippm describes type p unidirection bidirectional connectivity single point rtfm detect conditions standard descriptions done would useful personally one things interested tcp based streaming services performance seen internet radio distribution course ip telephony wireline performance metrics would good describe nevil brownlee comments also interested developing rtfm meter platform general measurements two areas seem interesting apart getting information tcp streams qos difserv performance metrics need characterise ipsec metrics still useful look port numbers kinds traffic still identified curtis villamizar said particularly interested work dos http www cs washington edu homes savage traceback html would like see agenda would provide general way determining packets came tool tracing dos attacks
"Subject: capital hill gold - chgi - potential high grade gold deposit  breaking news : denver , june 14 , 2005 ( business wire ) - - capital hill gold , inc , ( chgi ) reports that the company ' s geologists are evaluating a potential high - grade bulk - tonnage gold deposit located in mineral county , nevada , the project is situated in the vicinity of several operating and past - producing gold mines , including the paradise peak , santa fe and rawhide deposits , after review of usgs geochemical survey work of the project and a study of the geology of other gold deposits in the area , geologists believe that the target would be a high - grade bulk - tonnage gold deposit ,  virgin deposits : the privately - held 440 - acre project was originally staked by a major gold mining company in the 1990 s , the property has never been drilled and may prove to be a rich vein as early tests have indicated , follow - up work by the company ' s geologist indicated that a major international gold mining company had staked approximately 200 unpatented lode - mining claims in the area during 2001 and 2002 ,  geologists investigating the property for capital hill observed multiple broad zones of silicification extending for considerable distances , samples were collected from several outcrops on the property , and have been submitted to american assay labs in elko , nevada for assaying , based on positive assay results , target and identification , a major claim - staking program will be launched accordingly , as further credible evidence emerges of a significant gold ore deposit , and the first results coming in are showing promise ,  on june 13 , 2005 the company announced in a press release that capital hill ' s management is pleased and encouraged with the first u 3 o 8 ( uranium oxide ) assay returns as well as the noticeable precious metal results and that initial reconnaissance sampling on the company ' s uranium project has returned assays grading 0 , 061 % u 3 o 8 to 0 , 068 % u 3 o 8 of great interest to the company is the fact that the samples taken also assayed positively for precious metals , with results ranging from 0 , 08 to 0 , 22 oz ag / st and trace amounts of gold , the occurrence of silver in conjunction with the uranium mineralization warrants further investigation .  the recent news of the company possibly sitting on a huge untapped gold deposit has the stock in a strong up trend , rallying from 5 cents to 75 cents during the past three months . as the three - month chart illustrates , trading volume has swelled to 300 , 000 shares per day with money flow indicators showing strong inflows , which is representative of a stock that is under accumulation . the positive tape action clearly shows strong investor sentiment about the company ' s leverage on controlling sizable parcels of gold fields . the potential recoverable gold data has yet to be compiled , but as mentioned above , early tests are very promising , which is why investors are bidding up shares ahead of this data .  capital hill gold ' s strategic objective is to obtain controlling interests in properties with excellent exploration potential to become economically significant to world - class ore deposits . chgi intends to acquire mineral exploration properties primarily through the filing of concessions on its own account and in partnership as well as by optioning exceptional properties at reasonable costs relative to the property ' s potential and the financial capabilities of the company .  in recent weeks , chgi shareholders have been on the receiving end of some very promising developments with the new discoveries for gold ore . in addition , the company is aggressively exploring for commercial grade uranium deposits that will supply newly heightened demand from nuclear utilities . since 2003 uranium prices have doubled . 20 % of the world ' s electricity comes from uranium , and the nuclear power plant count is stable and growing . the united states needs to add about 100 nuclear power plants over the next two decades to meet burgeoning demand for electric power and maintain the current generating mix , nils j . diaz , chairman of the u . s . nuclear regulatory commission told reporters in early may 2005 .  as of may 17 , 2005 the company is pleased to report that the claim staking crew and geologist have arrived on site , and have begun staking claims . the area being staked encompasses a large area of potentially commercial - grade uranium mineralization identified by previous work , including geophysical surveys . reconnaissance sampling of the ground being staked has returned assay results approximately equal to those of in - place resources at one of the past - producing uranium mines in the project area .  a chinese news web site reports that china , the world ' s second - largest energy consumer after the u . s . , will spend 400 billion yuan ( u . s . $ 48 . 33 billion ) on building new nuclear power plants by 2020 . this is a bigger number than we have seen in the past . the energy - hungry country intends to increase the amount of installed nuclear power capacity from the current 16 gigawatts to 40 gigawatts within 15 years . nuclear power generation is expected to triple to reach 60 gigawatts by that time . so the market for uranium is in a new bull market .  conclusion  development efforts for gold and uranium on chgi properties are about to commence following the better - than - expected geophysical testing results . shares of chgi have rallied over 10 - fold in just the past three months in anticipation of what the future holds in the way of extractible gold and uranium . once full mining operations are under way , it is our view , that the shares will rally as the business generates its initial revenue stream .  for additional information , visit  investor relations solutions is a communications arm of ir solutions profiles . investor relations solutions is not licensed by any governmental or regulatory agencies and is not a registered investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such , investor relations solutions is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . investor relations solutions is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities . this stock advertisement or e - mail alert contains or incorporates by reference "" forward - looking statements , "" including certain information with respect to plans and strategies of the featured company . as such , any statements contained herein or incorporated herein by reference that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward - looking statements . without limiting the foregoing , the words "" believe ( s ) , "" "" anticipate ( s ) , "" "" plan ( s ) , "" "" expect ( s ) , "" "" project ( s ) "" , forecast ( s ) will , estimate ( s ) , "" understand ( s ) "" or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur and similar expressions which are intended to identify forward - looking statements . ir solutions profiles has been compensated twenty thousand usd . there are a number of important factors that could cause actual events or actual results of the companies profiled herein to differ materially from these forecasts and projections as indicated by such forward - looking statements . statements that are not strictly historical are forward - looking within the meaning of the safe harbor clause of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . investors are cautioned that such forward - looking statements invoke risk and uncertainties that may cause the company ' s actual results to differ materially from such forward - looking statements . prior to making an investment , investors should consult with their financial advisor and visit edgar at www . sec . gov .  investor relations solutions , llc 1911 glacier park ave . , ste . 480 naperville , il 60540 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,capital hill gold chgi potential high grade gold deposit breaking news denver june business wire capital hill gold inc chgi reports company geologists evaluating potential high grade bulk tonnage gold deposit located mineral county nevada project situated vicinity several operating past producing gold mines including paradise peak santa fe rawhide deposits review usgs geochemical survey work project study geology gold deposits area geologists believe target would high grade bulk tonnage gold deposit virgin deposits privately held acre project originally staked major gold mining company property never drilled may prove rich vein early tests indicated follow work company geologist indicated major international gold mining company staked approximately unpatented lode mining claims area geologists investigating property capital hill observed multiple broad zones silicification extending considerable distances samples collected several outcrops property submitted american assay labs elko nevada assaying based positive assay results target identification major claim staking program launched accordingly credible evidence emerges significant gold ore deposit first results coming showing promise june company announced press release capital hill management pleased encouraged first u uranium oxide assay returns well noticeable precious metal results initial reconnaissance sampling company uranium project returned assays grading u u great interest company fact samples taken also assayed positively precious metals results ranging oz ag st trace amounts gold occurrence silver conjunction uranium mineralization warrants investigation recent news company possibly sitting huge untapped gold deposit stock strong trend rallying cents cents past three months three month chart illustrates trading volume swelled shares per day money flow indicators showing strong inflows representative stock accumulation positive tape action clearly shows strong investor sentiment company leverage controlling sizable parcels gold fields potential recoverable gold data yet compiled mentioned early tests promising investors bidding shares ahead data capital hill gold strategic objective obtain controlling interests properties excellent exploration potential become economically significant world class ore deposits chgi intends acquire mineral exploration properties primarily filing concessions account partnership well optioning exceptional properties reasonable costs relative property potential financial capabilities company recent weeks chgi shareholders receiving end promising developments new discoveries gold ore addition company aggressively exploring commercial grade uranium deposits supply newly heightened demand nuclear utilities since uranium prices doubled world electricity comes uranium nuclear power plant count stable growing united states needs add nuclear power plants next two decades meet burgeoning demand electric power maintain current generating mix nils j diaz chairman u nuclear regulatory commission told reporters early may may company pleased report claim staking crew geologist arrived site begun staking claims area staked encompasses large area potentially commercial grade uranium mineralization identified previous work including geophysical surveys reconnaissance sampling ground staked returned assay results approximately equal place resources one past producing uranium mines project area chinese news web site reports china world second largest energy consumer u spend billion yuan u billion building new nuclear power plants bigger number seen past energy hungry country intends increase amount installed nuclear power capacity current gigawatts gigawatts within years nuclear power generation expected triple reach gigawatts time market uranium new bull market conclusion development efforts gold uranium chgi properties commence following better expected geophysical testing results shares chgi rallied fold past three months anticipation future holds way extractible gold uranium full mining operations way view shares rally business generates initial revenue stream additional information visit investor relations solutions communications arm ir solutions profiles investor relations solutions licensed governmental regulatory agencies registered investment advisor financial planning service stock brokerage firm accordance investor relations solutions offering investment advice promoting investment strategies investor relations solutions offering securities sale solicitation offer buy sell securities stock advertisement e mail alert contains incorporates reference forward looking statements including certain information respect plans strategies featured company statements contained herein incorporated herein reference statements historical fact may deemed forward looking statements without limiting foregoing words believe anticipate plan expect project forecast estimate understand statements indicating certain actions may could might occur similar expressions intended identify forward looking statements ir solutions profiles compensated twenty thousand usd number important factors could cause actual events actual results companies profiled herein differ materially forecasts projections indicated forward looking statements statements strictly historical forward looking within meaning safe harbor clause private securities litigation reform act investors cautioned forward looking statements invoke risk uncertainties may cause company actual results differ materially forward looking statements prior making investment investors consult financial advisor visit edgar www sec gov investor relations solutions llc glacier park ave ste naperville il e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: re : check  vince ,  ?  oh . ? i sent an invoice to habiba for aus 5 k a while back , and she informed  me that she passed it along to the people who are handling the agreement now  ( i take that as fiona grant in london ? ) . ? i will then send out another  invoice of aus 5 k in the next week or so for the remaining balance . ? should  i have sent the invoice to you ?  ?  thanks ,  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 9 : 12 pm  subject : re : check  julie ,  a clarification . we had an agreement with chris and les to contribute ? aus  10 , 000  as a part of the cost .  vince  "" julie "" on 10 / 30 / 2000 12 : 32 : 14 pm  to : ? ?  cc :  subject : ? re : check  vince ,  thank you for your email .  we will send you a copy of the book as soon as it is available , which we  are now estimating to be around 21 november ( no need to send us a cheque ;  you deserve it ) .  just let us know if we should use a different address than your office ? in  houston .  thanks again for all of your help .  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 2 : 16 ? pm  subject : check  julie ,  this message was returned to me a few times when ? i sent it from my home  address .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ? forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  08 : 00 am ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 28 / 2000 12 : 12 : 57 ? pm  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com , vkamins @ enron . com  subject : ? check  julie ,  as the book is about to be released to the ? market , i would like to start  the  process to issue the check to lacima . ? who will be the payee ( lacima ) and  what  is the ? address ?  vince",0,check vince oh sent invoice habiba aus k back informed passed along people handling agreement take fiona grant london send another invoice aus k next week remaining balance sent invoice thanks julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent monday october pm subject check julie clarification agreement chris les contribute aus part cost vince julie pm cc subject check vince thank email send copy book soon available estimating around november need send us cheque deserve let us know use different address office houston thanks help julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent monday october pm subject check julie message returned times sent home address vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vkaminski aol com pm julie lacima co uk cc vkaminski aol com vkamins enron com subject check julie book released market would like start process issue check lacima payee lacima address vince
"Subject: any med for your girl to be happy !  your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men !  click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shippinq and guaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse !  the store is verified by bbb and approved by visa ! ",1,med girl happy girl unsatisfied potency wait finds another men click choose great variety llcensed love bs best pri es fast shippinq guaranteed effect buy riqht warehouse store verified bbb approved visa
"Subject: 2001 budget for research  sir ,  i just got word that your bottom line needs to be 2 , 200 k . this is net of  corp charges and intercompany billings . in order to get to this number , we  have to reduce your budget by 83 k . do you have any suggestions in which  category ( ies ) we need to reduce ?  budget 10 , 521 , 000  i / c billings 8 , 238 , 000  subtotal 2 , 283 , 000  per delainey 2 , 200 , 000  need to dec by 83 , 000  here are my suggestions based on oct expenses :  category oct expense budget decrease yearly amount  periodical / subscription 5 , 200 10 , 000 3 , 000 36 , 000  tuition and reimbursement 11 , 000 21 , 000 4 , 000 48 , 000  this will bring you to the bottom line suggested by delainey . please let me  know your decision by november 21 . if you have any questions , call me at  5 - 7094 . thanx .",0,budget research sir got word bottom line needs k net corp charges intercompany billings order get number reduce budget k suggestions category ies need reduce budget c billings subtotal per delainey need dec suggestions based oct expenses category oct expense budget decrease yearly amount periodical subscription tuition reimbursement bring bottom line suggested delainey please let know decision november questions call thanx
"Subject: sap ids - coming soon ! ! !  your sap id and password will be communicated to you on june 22 . this  id / password combination will enable you to . . .  access ehronline to modify your personal information , view your pay advice ,  access your individual time sheet , and view your benefit elections .  enter financial , procurement , project management , and / or human resources  information based on the system security you have been assigned .  current sap users receiving this e - mail will be receiving a new id to replace  their current one as part of the 7 - 1 - 00 implementation - - the new id will be  a "" p # "" ( personnel number ) generated from sap hr .  if you have questions or comments , please call the coe sap hotline at  713 - 345 - 4 sap ( 4727 ) or visit our web site at http : / / sap . enron . com / coe .  thank you .",0,sap ids coming soon sap id password communicated june id password combination enable access ehronline modify personal information view pay advice access individual time sheet view benefit elections enter financial procurement project management human resources information based system security assigned current sap users receiving e mail receiving new id replace current one part implementation new id p personnel number generated sap hr questions comments please call coe sap hotline sap visit web site http sap enron com coe thank
"Subject: re : new color printer  goodmorning lyn ,  please inform me on the status of the color printer for  the 19 th floor .  we need this printer a . s . a . p .  this printer should be placed where the black and white printer  is located on the same counter .  co . 0011  r . c . 100038  let me know !  merry christmas  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 99 06 : 23  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 14 / 99 09 : 21 am  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new color printer  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 09 : 17  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  12 / 14 / 99 08 : 13 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new color printer  yes ! right away , please  also let me know the e . t . a .  thanks , lyn  kevin moore",0,new color printer goodmorning lyn please inform status color printer th floor need printer p printer placed black white printer located counter co r c let know merry christmas kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore lyn malina hou ect ect cc subject new color printer forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject new color printer yes right away please also let know e thanks lyn kevin moore
"Subject: trip to houston  here is some information on one of the students invited to enron next week by  tom gros .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000  05 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" juan - carlos o . ferrer "" on 02 / 10 / 2000 04 : 17 : 17 pm  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc :  subject : trip to houston  hi stinson , i am juan - carlos ferrer , also ph . d . student working with gabriel  bitran and going to houston with amit and paulo on the 16 th . paulo told me  that you are interested in some information of us before going to houston .  well , i am form chile , married , and father of two girls ( 3 and 2 ) . i  graduated from the engineering school at the catholic university of chile in  1995 having followed the track in computer science during the last 3 years of  school . then , late in 1995 , i was hired by the industrial engineering  department as a full - time assistant professor of management science , where i  was teaching and doing research until june 1997 . in august 1997 i came to  boston to join the operations management group in the sloan school of  management here at mit . i already finished courses and qualifiers  requirements of my program , so now i am trying to come up with an interesting  research topic to develop my ph . d . thesis .  i have been dealing with some interesting topics during the last months but  since enron appears as an opportunity to find a more challenging and  appealing problem to me i decided to explore it . my intention in going to  visit enron is to have a better understanding of the bandwidth business in  order to define a problem to work with . i would really like to do a thesis  that involves internet issues and yield management models , in the line of  amit ' s work .  any other information or question you need , please feel free to contact me .  looking forward to meeting you on the 16 th .  juan carlos ferrer  ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? juan - carlos o . ferrer  ? ? ? ph . d . student , operations management  ? ? ? ? sloan school of management - m . i . t .  ? ? ? ? of : ( 617 ) 253 - 3597 fax : ( 617 ) 258 - 7579  ? ? ? ? ? ? http : / / web . mit . edu / jferrer / www /  ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -",0,trip houston information one students invited enron next week tom gros stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm juan carlos ferrer pm stinson gibner enron com cc subject trip houston hi stinson juan carlos ferrer also ph student working gabriel bitran going houston amit paulo th paulo told interested information us going houston well form chile married father two girls graduated engineering school catholic university chile followed track computer science last years school late hired industrial engineering department full time assistant professor management science teaching research june august came boston join operations management group sloan school management mit already finished courses qualifiers requirements program trying come interesting research topic develop ph thesis dealing interesting topics last months since enron appears opportunity find challenging appealing problem decided explore intention going visit enron better understanding bandwidth business order define problem work would really like thesis involves internet issues yield management models line amit work information question need please feel free contact looking forward meeting th juan carlos ferrer juan carlos ferrer ph student operations management sloan school management fax http web mit edu jferrer www
Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the request you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 uznuy  order for : vince  1 x ( compaq armada m 700 $ 2722 ) enron it purchasing  * please send all status inquiries regarding this request to :  mailto : receiving & hardware @ enron . com,0,confirmation order automatic confirmation request placed using central request number ecth uznuy order vince x compaq armada enron purchasing please send status inquiries regarding request mailto receiving hardware enron com
"Subject: re : petrochem desk  yes , i will have kate get involved and talk to christian to get details .  vasant  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 9 : 29 am  to : shanbhogue , vasant  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : petrochem desk  vasant ,  it seems we have to help them . can kate help  on this project ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001 09 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nelson neale @ enron  04 / 20 / 2001 10 : 29 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate  cc :  subject : petrochem desk  i had a chance to speak with christian lebroc this morning with regard to curve building for petrochemicals . as it turns out , christian left rac in april and joined the petrochem desk as a trader . previous efforts at construction of a forward curve by the group have focused on intuition or swags . unfortunately , the group had a rough p & l year with at least some of the blame directed toward the forward curve or lack thereof . when asked about the fundamentals group , christian indicated that they ' d only been around about 3 - 4 months and are not yet well - suited to curve building . john nowlan is indeed the head of the group .  from a timing perspective , i told christian that it would probably take at least 6 - 8 weeks to develop a curve , especially considering the need to understand the key market drivers / fundamentals . as was suggested yesterday during our meeting , a strong relationship between petrochemicals and a nymex component ( e . g . , crude oil ) would provide a great beginning point - - we could then potentially strengthen / augment this relationship with other key factors ( e . g . , supply and demand terms ) borne out of our market research .  nelson ",0,petrochem desk yes kate get involved talk christian get details vasant original message kaminski vince sent monday april shanbhogue vasant cc kaminski vince subject petrochem desk vasant seems help kate help project vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect nelson neale enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate cc subject petrochem desk chance speak christian lebroc morning regard curve building petrochemicals turns christian left rac april joined petrochem desk trader previous efforts construction forward curve group focused intuition swags unfortunately group rough p l year least blame directed toward forward curve lack thereof asked fundamentals group christian indicated around months yet well suited curve building john nowlan indeed head group timing perspective told christian would probably take least weeks develop curve especially considering need understand key market drivers fundamentals suggested yesterday meeting strong relationship petrochemicals nymex component e g crude oil would provide great beginning point could potentially strengthen augment relationship key factors e g supply demand terms borne market research nelson
"Subject: risk report on "" guide to electricxity hedging "" and request for gu  est access to enrononline  louise ,  it would be a good commercial for enron . what can we do to help him and  get free publicity ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2000  01 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ekrapels on 01 / 18 / 2000 12 : 00 : 12 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : risk report on "" guide to electricxity hedging "" and request for gu  est access to enrononline  dear vince ,  greetings from boston , where we ' re doing all we can to help keep the price  of gas high .  as i may have told you earlier , i ' m writing a "" guide to electricity hedging ""  for risk publications similar to the report on oil . i had planned to write a  significant section on enrononline , and in the midst of my research on the  topic was denied access by enron ' s gatekeeper . can you help get me in ?  as always , the best from here .  ed krapels  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : donna greif [ mailto : dcorrig @ ect . enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , january 18 , 2000 12 : 37 pm  to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com  subject : request for guest access  dear mr . krapels :  thank you for requesting guest access to enrononline . unfortunately , we are  unable to give you quest access at this time .  enrononline is exclusively for those companies who can transact wholesale  energy  commodities and related products .  in addition , you had indicated within the comments section of your email  that  you are preparing a "" guide to electricity hedging ""  for risk publications . i have forwarded your inquiry to our public  relations  department along with your contact information .  should you not hear back from anyone within a reasonable amount of time ,  please  feel free to contact our call center at  713 853 - help ( 4357 ) .  sincerely ,  donna corrigan greif  enrononline help desk  713 / 853 - 9517  - attl . htm",0,risk report guide electricxity hedging request gu est access enrononline louise would good commercial enron help get free publicity vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm ekrapels pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject risk report guide electricxity hedging request gu est access enrononline dear vince greetings boston help keep price gas high may told earlier writing guide electricity hedging risk publications similar report oil planned write significant section enrononline midst research topic denied access enron gatekeeper help get always best ed krapels original message donna greif mailto dcorrig ect enron com sent tuesday january pm ekrapels esaibos com subject request guest access dear mr krapels thank requesting guest access enrononline unfortunately unable give quest access time enrononline exclusively companies transact wholesale energy commodities related products addition indicated within comments section email preparing guide electricity hedging risk publications forwarded inquiry public relations department along contact information hear back anyone within reasonable amount time please feel free contact call center help sincerely donna corrigan greif enrononline help desk attl htm
"Subject: re : eol pricing algorithm  hi bob ,  some comments :  1 . you request enron position after successful market order , but not after limit order - - you may want it after limit order as well to be consistent . i am not clear on how you would use enron position . it is possible that the trading desk will have a target position in mind and they will set bids and offers in such a way as to try to achieve that target position , but this target position probably changes continuously and is not stored anywhere , and without this target position there is nothing to compare actual enron position to . of course , enron position may still provide some insights .  2 . you request bid - mid - ask prices for each trade - - - given that a successful trade may execute later than time of order ( especially for limit orders ) , would you need the evolution or range of bid - mid - ask over this time interval ( time of order to time of execution ) ? also , for failed trades , you may need the evolution or range of bid - mid - ask over the time interval from time of order to time of rejection . this again mainly applies to limit orders , as the time intervals may not be significant for market orders given the speed of execution ( something to check ) .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lee , bob  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 8 : 33 am  to : kaminski , vince ; shanbhogue , vasant ; barkley , tom  cc : lu , zimin ; huang , alex ; gibner , stinson  subject : eol pricing algorithm  a draft data request for eol data we would use to study p & l patterns for the "" george "" pricing algorithm is attached for your review .  i would like to send this to andy zipper and jay webb this afternoon .  bob  >",0,eol pricing algorithm hi bob comments request enron position successful market order limit order may want limit order well consistent clear would use enron position possible trading desk target position mind set bids offers way try achieve target position target position probably changes continuously stored anywhere without target position nothing compare actual enron position course enron position may still provide insights request bid mid ask prices trade given successful trade may execute later time order especially limit orders would need evolution range bid mid ask time interval time order time execution also failed trades may need evolution range bid mid ask time interval time order time rejection mainly applies limit orders time intervals may significant market orders given speed execution something check original message lee bob sent monday april kaminski vince shanbhogue vasant barkley tom cc lu zimin huang alex gibner stinson subject eol pricing algorithm draft data request eol data would use study p l patterns george pricing algorithm attached review would like send andy zipper jay webb afternoon bob
"Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it will be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  lf you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visibie in places  where peopie search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in multiple search engines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  jacindamaddox _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,business depend online success website submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website oniine otherwise invisible virtualiy means efforts spent vain lf want people know website boost revenues oniy way make site visibie places peopie search information e submit website multiple search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards jacindamaddox interested
"Subject: re : wharton tiger team # 3  melinda ,  would you please coordinate john henderson into the thursday videoconference ?  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 30 / 2001  06 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mohn henderson @ newpower  01 / 30 / 2001 04 : 13 pm  sent by : melissa corley @ newpower  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect @ ees  cc : jhenders @ newpower @ ees , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , melinda  mccarty / corp / enron @ enron , degiacic @ wharton . upenn . edu  subject : re : wharton tiger team # 3  john would prefer to join the thursday call via teleconference . if you could  provide the dial in number he will call in .  thanks ,  melissa corley  john henderson  christie patrick @ ect  01 / 30 / 2001 03 : 50 pm  to : jhenders @ newpower @ ees , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : melinda mccarty / corp / enron @ enron , degiacic @ wharton . upenn . edu  subject : wharton tiger team # 3  hi john and vince !  john , hopefully you received my voice mail regarding the matter set forth  below .  i ' m in ny now and won ' t return until thursday morning . perhaps it would be  easiest for john to come to the video conference on thursday ( if he ' s in  houston ) or via telephone if he ' s travelling ? ?  whatever you both think is best . . please let me know !  my assistant , melinda mccarty , is setting up the call location at the enron  building , as well as the dial - in number with donna piazze at wharton .  melinda , please include john in the distribution of the video conference  location .  thanks !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 30 / 2001  03 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" degiacinto , clayton "" on 01 / 30 / 2001 02 : 00 : 07 pm  to : "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' ""  cc : "" feerick , dennis "" , "" lessar , stephen ""  , "" vittal , maheshram "" ,  "" bassal , omar "" , "" cummins , marc ""  subject : wharton tiger team # 3  christie ,  as we talked last thursday via video teleconference , we are planning to  narrow our scope to focus on a marketing / promotion plan for newpower  including value - added products and services for the future . before we talk  again on thursday , we would like to speak with john henderson again to see if  he recommends any specific items he would like us to address .  we are having trouble contacting him and wonder if you could facilitate a  phone meeting between us , or if it would be best to include him in our next  video teleconference . we are available the next two days at lpm and 4 pm  houston time .  we understand that john is a very busy person , and we appreciate any help you  can give in getting us together to ensure our work is commensurate with his  expectations .  thanks ,  enron team 3 ( retail )",0,wharton tiger team melinda would please coordinate john henderson thursday videoconference thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm mohn henderson newpower pm sent melissa corley newpower christie patrick hou ect ect ees cc jhenders newpower ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect melinda mccarty corp enron enron degiacic wharton upenn edu subject wharton tiger team john would prefer join thursday call via teleconference could provide dial number call thanks melissa corley john henderson christie patrick ect pm jhenders newpower ees vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc melinda mccarty corp enron enron degiacic wharton upenn edu subject wharton tiger team hi john vince john hopefully received voice mail regarding matter set forth ny return thursday morning perhaps would easiest john come video conference thursday houston via telephone travelling whatever think best please let know assistant melinda mccarty setting call location enron building well dial number donna piazze wharton melinda please include john distribution video conference location thanks forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm degiacinto clayton pm christie patrick enron com cc feerick dennis lessar stephen vittal maheshram bassal omar cummins marc subject wharton tiger team christie talked last thursday via video teleconference planning narrow scope focus marketing promotion plan newpower including value added products services future talk thursday would like speak john henderson see recommends specific items would like us address trouble contacting wonder could facilitate phone meeting us would best include next video teleconference available next two days lpm pm houston time understand john busy person appreciate help give getting us together ensure work commensurate expectations thanks enron team retail
"Subject: i ' m in hospital ! ! !  i ' ve had a burst appendix and pneumonia .  call debbie for details on 936 - 321 - 8836 ( home ) or 936 - 499 - 4996 ( cell ) or me  directly on 713 - 598 - 0732 ( but i share a room with someone , so we may disturb  them . . . .  steve  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tel : 713 - 345 - 8980  cell : 713 - 598 - 0732",0,hospital burst appendix pneumonia call debbie details home cell directly share room someone may disturb steve tel cell
Subject: risk boston  please read the attached important information .  ?  thank you  ?  regards  catriona clowes  conference co - ordinator  tel + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9864  - chase . doc,0,risk boston please read attached important information thank regards catriona clowes conference co ordinator tel chase doc
"Subject: re : request for payroll reclassification - approved  joann ,  yes , sorry . 413 was the number on the form i received .  vince  enron property & services corp .  from : joann holloway 01 / 11 / 2000 02 : 01 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : request for payroll reclassification - approved  vince ,  on your reclass information , the company number indicated should be 0011 not  413 .  jo ann holloway  x 35957  vince j kaminski  01 / 11 / 2000 01 : 33 pm  to : stella l ely / hou / ect @ ect  cc : jeff kinneman / hou / ect @ ect , carmen chavira / hou / ect @ ect , michelle  hargrave / hou / ect @ ect , stephen wolfe / hou / ect @ ect , michael s  galvan / hou / ect @ ect , gary mccumber / hou / ect @ ect , billie  akhave / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , joann holloway / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , louis  allen / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , bradley stewart / hou / ect @ ect , carol coats / hou / ect @ ect  subject : request for payroll reclassification - approved  the following payroll reclassification request has been approved .  click on this link to view document - - >",0,request payroll reclassification approved joann yes sorry number form received vince enron property services corp joann holloway pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject request payroll reclassification approved vince reclass information company number indicated jo ann holloway x vince j kaminski pm stella l ely hou ect ect cc jeff kinneman hou ect ect carmen chavira hou ect ect michelle hargrave hou ect ect stephen wolfe hou ect ect michael galvan hou ect ect gary mccumber hou ect ect billie akhave epsc hou ect ect joann holloway epsc hou ect ect louis allen epsc hou ect ect bradley stewart hou ect ect carol coats hou ect ect subject request payroll reclassification approved following payroll reclassification request approved click link view document
"Subject: re : mba career opportunity  vince ,  thanks for your consideration . please let me know details for the phone  interview at your earliest convenience .  happy thanksgiving .  qing  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  sent : tuesday , november 21 , 2000 8 : 45 am  subject : re : mba career opportunity  >  > christine ,  >  > we shall arrange a phone interview with you .  >  > vince  >  >  >",0,mba career opportunity vince thanks consideration please let know details phone interview earliest convenience happy thanksgiving qing original message sent tuesday november subject mba career opportunity christine shall arrange phone interview vince
"Subject: re : li sun  jeff ,  no problem . we shall invite her for an interview . a / a programs has real  problems with logistics .  vince  from : jeffrey a shankman 08 / 22 / 2000 05 : 11 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : li sun  hi vince , i ' m over in london so i ' m sorry for not calling this morning . i  met li last year and at wharton . i ' m sorry the a / a program did not contact  you earlier as they were supposed to . li is a great modeller and would love  to work in your group . thanks for taking care of her . i ' ll be in touch  later . jeff",0,li sun jeff problem shall invite interview programs real problems logistics vince jeffrey shankman vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject li sun hi vince london sorry calling morning met li last year wharton sorry program contact earlier supposed li great modeller would love work group thanks taking care touch later jeff
"Subject: re : dinner  julie ,  thanks for the invitation .  tuesday would work better for me .  i came back from california this morning and i am quite exhausted .  what is the number at which i can reach you ?  vince  "" julie "" on 02 / 26 / 2001 11 : 00 : 46 am  please respond to "" julie ""  to : "" vincejkaminski ""  cc :  subject : dinner  would you like to get together for dinner with us tonight ( monday ) or  tomorrow night ?  ?  julie",0,dinner julie thanks invitation tuesday would work better came back california morning quite exhausted number reach vince julie please respond julie vincejkaminski cc subject dinner would like get together dinner us tonight monday tomorrow night julie
"Subject: re : new copier information for 55 , 60 & 65 cpm digital machines  iain :  we went and looked at the toshiba copier on the 32 nd floor and while it  does not appear to be extremely fast , i believe it will work for the 19 th  floor . i spoke with vince kaminski and he agreed with our getting this  copier .  we noticed this copier has a button that says "" network connection ""  and were wondering it this copier could be hooked up to the network and  we could run copies from our computer ? please let us know .  thanks for all your help and have a wonderful christmas and new  year !  shirley  co # 0011  rc # 100038  copier information including pictures & weblinks  from : iain russell on 12 / 17 / 99 10 : 47 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : new copier information for 55 , 60 & 65 cpm digital machines  shirley ,  following up on the telephone conversation , please see the attached  spreadsheet for pricing information plus important information about "" true  world "" copy speeds .  pricing was centered on the 42 . 315 k per month volume band so that you can get  a good feel for copier expenditure based on average month volumes . i have  left the spreadsheet "" unprotected "" so that you can play with the volume  figures and see how this changes the price overall + how the "" cost per image ""  is affected by volume changes .  ? pricing spreadsheet : under "" notes "" towards under the pictures .  the "" true world "" copy speed information has been supplied by buyers lab  incorporated , which is an independent testing house that rates office  equipment , including copiers and publishes their findings on a quarterly  basis . unfortunately they have not released their findings on the canon ir 550  as testing is not yet complete .  ? copier speeds : @ the end of the notes - mail  { these include 1 - 1 , 1 - 2 and duplexing + detail on completion of "" sets "" }  as you will see , duplexing speeds are widely different across the various  manufacturers equipment & the "" true world "" copy speeds are a soft $ expense  which impacts the true cost of running a copier .  listed below are the url ' s for the different 55 , 60 & 65 cpm b / w copiers .  a ) overview  b ) specifications  from lanier  ricoh equipment  55 copies per minute  a ) & b ) weblink for machine specifications - - > click here - - - >  65 copies per minute  a ) & b ) weblink for machine specifications - - > click here - - - >  from danka  canon equipment { ir 550 }  55 copies per minute  looks like : - - - >  weblink for machine specifications - - > click below :  a ) http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / netofficesys / ir 550 / ir 550 fea . html  b ) http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / netofficesys / ir 550 / ir 550 spec . html  canon equipment { ir 600 } > > currently on 45 day backorder  weblink for machine specifications - - > click below :  a ) http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / netofficesys / ir 600 / ir 600 fea . html  b ) http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / netofficesys / ir 600 / ir 600 spec . html  toshiba equipment  55 copies per minute  weblink for machine specifications - - > click below :  a ) http : / / www . toshiba . com / taiseid / copiers / 5570 / features . htm  b ) http : / / www . toshiba . com / taiseid / copiers / 5570 / spec . htm  65 copies per minute  weblink for machine specifications - - > click here - - >  a ) http : / / www . toshiba . com / taiseid / copiers / 6570 / features . htm  b ) http : / / www . toshiba . com / taiseid / copiers / 6570 / spec . htm  notes  here is the pricing spreadsheet for your records : - - >  the highlighted rows on the spreadsheet reflect you current average monthly  volume .  fyi - - > target cpi or cost per image is in the region $ 0 . 017 up to and  including $ 0 . 023 .  copier model monthly volume capacities  model manufacturer max rec / level realistic level { up to }  toshiba 5570 340 k 115 k  toshiba 6570 400 k 135 k  lanier 5255 { per rep . } 200 k 100 k  lanier 5265 { per rep . } 200 k 100 k  canon ir 550 200 k 100 k  canon ir 600 250 k 100 k  fyi : we currently have a toshiba 6570 @ eb 32 kl that is averaging 69 , 332  images per month with the top month producing 86 , 673 images and a toshiba  5570 @ eb 3080 area that is averaging 39 , 309 per month . both of these machines  are in the enron north america trading environment .  the copiers quoted are all "" digital "" .  digital : scan once print many = 99 copies of one sheet ? 1 scan !  analog : scan for every image made = 99 copies of 1 sheet ? 99 scans = possible  noise issue .  copier speeds = total print time  this comparison gives the speed @ which the document set is printed  { no staple , no 3 - hole punch }  > > > > > 60 & 65 copy per minute machines > > > > 55 copy per minute machines < < < < <  please call me with any questions .  thanks , iain russell @ 713 - 853 - 6861  contracts supervisor administration  enron property & services corp .  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if  you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for  delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this  message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message , and  notify us immediately . if you or your employer does not consent to internet  email messages of this kind , please advise us immediately . opinions ,  conclusions and other information expressed in this message are not given  or endorsed by my department or employer unless otherwise indicated by an  authorized representative independent of this message . ",0,new copier information cpm digital machines iain went looked toshiba copier nd floor appear extremely fast believe work th floor spoke vince kaminski agreed getting copier noticed copier button says network connection wondering copier could hooked network could run copies computer please let us know thanks help wonderful christmas new year shirley co rc copier information including pictures weblinks iain russell shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject new copier information cpm digital machines shirley following telephone conversation please see attached spreadsheet pricing information plus important information true world copy speeds pricing centered k per month volume band get good feel copier expenditure based average month volumes left spreadsheet unprotected play volume figures see changes price overall cost per image affected volume changes pricing spreadsheet notes towards pictures true world copy speed information supplied buyers lab incorporated independent testing house rates office equipment including copiers publishes findings quarterly basis unfortunately released findings canon ir testing yet complete copier speeds end notes mail include duplexing detail completion sets see duplexing speeds widely different across various manufacturers equipment true world copy speeds soft expense impacts true cost running copier listed url different cpm b w copiers overview b specifications lanier ricoh equipment copies per minute b weblink machine specifications click copies per minute b weblink machine specifications click danka canon equipment ir copies per minute looks like weblink machine specifications click http www usa canon com corpoffice netofficesys ir ir fea html b http www usa canon com corpoffice netofficesys ir ir spec html canon equipment ir currently day backorder weblink machine specifications click http www usa canon com corpoffice netofficesys ir ir fea html b http www usa canon com corpoffice netofficesys ir ir spec html toshiba equipment copies per minute weblink machine specifications click http www toshiba com taiseid copiers features htm b http www toshiba com taiseid copiers spec htm copies per minute weblink machine specifications click http www toshiba com taiseid copiers features htm b http www toshiba com taiseid copiers spec htm notes pricing spreadsheet records highlighted rows spreadsheet reflect current average monthly volume fyi target cpi cost per image region including copier model monthly volume capacities model manufacturer max rec level realistic level toshiba k k toshiba k k lanier per rep k k lanier per rep k k canon ir k k canon ir k k fyi currently toshiba eb kl averaging images per month top month producing images toshiba eb area averaging per month machines enron north america trading environment copiers quoted digital digital scan print many copies one sheet scan analog scan every image made copies sheet scans possible noise issue copier speeds total print time comparison gives speed document set printed staple hole punch copy per minute machines copy per minute machines please call questions thanks iain russell contracts supervisor administration enron property services corp privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message notify us immediately employer consent internet email messages kind please advise us immediately opinions conclusions information expressed message given endorsed department employer unless otherwise indicated authorized representative independent message
"Subject: re : risk european energy 2000  steve ,  no problem .  grant will speak in place , but risk may not be aware of it yet .  you can just register as my guest .  vince  steven leppard  03 / 03 / 2000 06 : 03 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : risk european energy 2000  hi vince  do you get your regular freebie "" ticket "" for the risk conference in  amsterdam ? ( you know what i ' m going to ask next . . . ) it looks like there ' s  some interesting stuff , and attending would certainly broaden my horizons .  would you kindly consider bringing me along ?  cheers ,  steve",0,risk european energy steve problem grant speak place risk may aware yet register guest vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject risk european energy hi vince get regular freebie ticket risk conference amsterdam know going ask next looks like interesting stuff attending would certainly broaden horizons would kindly consider bringing along cheers steve
Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 pcl 4 f  order for : maureen raymond  1 x ( option : 128 mb upgrade for deskpro en 6600 $ 144 )  enron it purchasing,0,confirmation order automatic confirmation order placed using central request number ecth pcl f order maureen raymond x option mb upgrade deskpro en enron purchasing
"Subject: re : ca for henwood engagement  i suspect that enron india llc would be the entity to use . however , is  anyone from tax involved in this ? if not , we need to get someone in the  loop .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  lauren hagerty  enron india / ebs asia  three allen center , room 2119  houston , texas 77002  phone : 713 - 646 - 6529  fax : 713 - 646 - 7549  bonnie nelson  01 / 19 / 2001 11 : 54 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , bruce  lundstrom / enron _ development @ enron _ development , lauren  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep  subject : re : ca for henwood engagement  stinson ,  please find attached a revised version of the draft consulting agreement with  henwood . fyi , i am attaching both a clean version and one marked toshow  changes from the last draft i sent you . please let me know if you have any  questions or comments on the agreement or the most recent changes .  what is the status of henwood ? do you still want to engage them and what is  the timeframe for their work ( the dates in the draft may need to be  corrected ) .  bruce and lauren : please advise on which enron entity should be the party to  this consulting agreement .  thanks , bonnie",0,ca henwood engagement suspect enron india llc would entity use however anyone tax involved need get someone loop lauren hagerty enron india ebs asia three allen center room houston texas phone fax bonnie nelson stinson gibner hou ect ect bruce lundstrom enron development enron development lauren cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect sandeep subject ca henwood engagement stinson please find attached revised version draft consulting agreement henwood fyi attaching clean version one marked toshow changes last draft sent please let know questions comments agreement recent changes status henwood still want engage timeframe work dates draft may need corrected bruce lauren please advise enron entity party consulting agreement thanks bonnie
"Subject: schedule and more . .  dr . kaminski ,  i think i ' ll be able to start work from the last week of may ,  but not from monday ,  probably , i ' ll be able to work from 5 / 30 ( wed ) .  will it be good ? i know it is not that much earlier than i mentioned . . 6 / 4  i am sorry .  and actually , there is an e - business conference at haas school of business ,  organized by my advisor  could you distribute the link and the attached invitation letter to groups  interested in e - business and especially procurement ?  the link is as following .  i am afraid you might forgot this i told you in the last email . . .  my advisor ( arie segev at haas school of business ; segev @ haas . berkeley . edu )  wants me to ask whether you have any idea on joint research with him  during the summer , while i am staying there .  his interest is in e - business . . ( what else . . ? )  and has expertise in e - procurement system and marketplace . . .  xml based standard such as obi , cxml , xcbl , rosettanet , biztalk . .  system interoperability study , auction and negotiation , workflow system ,  e - catalog management , digital signature , edi , etc etc . . .  many technical aspects of e - business . . .  he wants to do some kind of technical case study  that is beneficial for both enron and him .  he may travel one or two times to houston to have a meeting during the  summer .  ( and to be frankly , this will be good for me too ,  because i can have a meeting for my dissertation while he is in houston . . )  could you think about the possibility of joint research , with him ?  thank you . .  sincerely ,  jinbaek  - fcp - invite . pdf",0,schedule dr kaminski think able start work last week may monday probably able work wed good know much earlier mentioned sorry actually e business conference haas school business organized advisor could distribute link attached invitation letter groups interested e business especially procurement link following afraid might forgot told last email advisor arie segev haas school business segev haas berkeley edu wants ask whether idea joint research summer staying interest e business else expertise e procurement system marketplace xml based standard obi cxml xcbl rosettanet biztalk system interoperability study auction negotiation workflow system e catalog management digital signature edi etc etc many technical aspects e business wants kind technical case study beneficial enron may travel one two times houston meeting summer frankly good meeting dissertation houston could think possibility joint research thank sincerely jinbaek fcp invite pdf
Subject: youthh rediscovered  how to save on your medlcatlons over 70 tiffin % .  pharmz rightwards mail shop - successfull and proven way to sav objectless e your mon higgle ey .  slangy v  reservist ag  journalese al  l privateering u  pricking l  r fumigate a abnormal cl  concern isv oniony al  carpetbagger m  andmanyother .  * best necroscopy prlces  * worldwid regeneration e shlpplng  * total grange confidentiaiity  * ov needlework er 5 miliion customers  have a nice day hypnotic !,1,youthh rediscovered save medlcatlons tiffin pharmz rightwards mail shop successfull proven way sav objectless e mon higgle ey slangy v reservist ag journalese al l privateering u pricking l r fumigate abnormal cl concern isv oniony al carpetbagger andmanyother best necroscopy prlces worldwid regeneration e shlpplng total grange confidentiaiity ov needlework er miliion customers nice day hypnotic
"Subject: re : agenda for houston visit  hi mike ,  thanks for the message .  here is one more reason why we should have our own in - house modelling :  the pcmdi nwp weather maps have been discontinued  the pcmdi wxmap web has been discontinued starting 20 december , 2000  please see the u . s . navy wxmaps at . . .  i will shortly forward a set of minimum requirements ( hardware . . . ) , softare  has been written by me , with some public domain software .  i am thinking of setting up an internal website with model output data , and  verification info .  cheers ,  christian  mike a roberts @ ect  21 / 12 / 2000 09 : 26 am  to : christian werner / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , paul  quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : agenda for houston visit  christian ,  just finished meeting with pual , vince & mark  new plan :  let ' s plan on your coming to houston march 12 th - april 2 nd ( after our  summer / winters respectively  but . .  let ' s proceed with the project without pause :  1 . please send up the software that needs to be installed along with  operating system requirements  2 . please copy me on forecasting provided to sydney office on a daily basis  if we work on these two fronts , it will optimize your time here and permit  transotion to cover your forecasting there  thanks  - - - mike",0,agenda houston visit hi mike thanks message one reason house modelling pcmdi nwp weather maps discontinued pcmdi wxmap web discontinued starting december please see u navy wxmaps shortly forward set minimum requirements hardware softare written public domain software thinking setting internal website model output data verification info cheers christian mike roberts ect christian werner enron development enron development cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect paul quilkey enron development enron development mark tawney hou ect ect subject agenda houston visit christian finished meeting pual vince mark new plan let plan coming houston march th april nd summer winters respectively let proceed project without pause please send software needs installed along operating system requirements please copy forecasting provided sydney office daily basis work two fronts optimize time permit transotion cover forecasting thanks mike
"Subject: softs in london  vince ,  with regard to the softs curves development , i have been communicating with a  couple of folks in london . the key contacts include james willis ( cocoa and  sugar broker ) and nigel majury ( coffee broker ) . we had a conference call on  thursday ( heather , trena , erin , james , nigel , frank speight , nelson ) to  discuss data sources , data acquisition , priorities , and timelines . a number  of data sources were identified ( e . g . , usda , int ' l cocoa organization , ed however , cocoa  replaces coffee in the softs importance hierarchy . i suppose that this  results from our physical ( or soon to be ) positions in both markets . the  timeline hasn ' t changed ; however , adjustments will have to be made since we  haven ' t yet acquired all of the necessary data for price modeling . moreover ,  per our discussion this afternoon , additional thought / time will have to be  devoted to corn modeling to come up with an adequate hedging strategy .  nelson",0,softs london vince regard softs curves development communicating couple folks london key contacts include james willis cocoa sugar broker nigel majury coffee broker conference call thursday heather trena erin james nigel frank speight nelson discuss data sources data acquisition priorities timelines number data sources identified e g usda int l cocoa organization ed however cocoa replaces coffee softs importance hierarchy suppose results physical soon positions markets timeline changed however adjustments made since yet acquired necessary data price modeling moreover per discussion afternoon additional thought time devoted corn modeling come adequate hedging strategy nelson
Subject: seminar mugs  vince :  can your secretary forward to debra thomas the enron  logo in a word document that debra can use in a design for the rice / enron  finance seminar series mugs ?  hope your summer is going well .  thank you again for your kind assistance .  bbo,0,seminar mugs vince secretary forward debra thomas enron logo word document debra use design rice enron finance seminar series mugs hope summer going well thank kind assistance bbo
"Subject: alp presentation  on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project  presentation by a group of students  of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university .  the students will present the results of a research project regarding  electronic trading  platforms in the energy industry .  the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith .  we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation .  vince kaminski  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com",0,alp presentation behalf enron corp would like invite alp project presentation group students jesse h jones graduate school management rice university students present results research project regarding electronic trading platforms energy industry presentation held may p enron smith would also like invite dinner following presentation vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director research enron corp smith street room ebl houston tx phone cell fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: our meeting  vince :  i enjoyed meeting you last week to discuss my application to join your group .  please keep my inquiry confidential for now .  if selected , i think your group would greatly benefit from my diverse  skill - set including modeling skills utilizing excel , access , and  bloomberg as well as graphing , statistical , and other quantitative abilities ,  especially in the meteorology field .  i am particularly interested in being able to discover vital information  which may affect the markets ( e . g . pulp / paper , interest rates , weather ) as  well as arriving at a new variable which captures all market variables into  one which may be followed and forecasted for each of the groups .  furthermore , i am truly committed to adding value to your group , including  making significant contributions ,  and am sanguine about my ability to ensure that these achievements are  well - received .  i have met many people at enron thus far and am able to utilize these  strategic alliances by knowing who may be able  to assist your group in the quest for information on different projects . by  accessing information quickly , both internal and  external to the firm , the group would be able to extraordinarily benefit from  this diligence in addition , by seeking greater efficiencies in my work ,  i have been able to be instrumental in accumulating additional  responsibilities .  most importantly , i have the mathematical acumen and insight to ensure the  continued growth and prosperity of your group .  as a research - oriented individual , i am clearly interested in pursuing a  position in your group .  if selected , i would be able to bring my diverse experience , including  financial modeling and derivatives , from my tenure at  enron and cibc world markets .  i look forward to meeting with select members of your group .  thanks ,  david  3 - 3528",0,meeting vince enjoyed meeting last week discuss application join group please keep inquiry confidential selected think group would greatly benefit diverse skill set including modeling skills utilizing excel access bloomberg well graphing statistical quantitative abilities especially meteorology field particularly interested able discover vital information may affect markets e g pulp paper interest rates weather well arriving new variable captures market variables one may followed forecasted groups furthermore truly committed adding value group including making significant contributions sanguine ability ensure achievements well received met many people enron thus far able utilize strategic alliances knowing may able assist group quest information different projects accessing information quickly internal external firm group would able extraordinarily benefit diligence addition seeking greater efficiencies work able instrumental accumulating additional responsibilities importantly mathematical acumen insight ensure continued growth prosperity group research oriented individual clearly interested pursuing position group selected would able bring diverse experience including financial modeling derivatives tenure enron cibc world markets look forward meeting select members group thanks david
"Subject: interview schedule for shen ( charles ) yingquan  please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the  interview will occur on friday october 13 , 2000 . please print all three  documents for your reference . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  stephanie  58701",0,interview schedule shen charles yingquan please find interview packet referenced person interview occur friday october please print three documents reference questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact stephanie
"Subject: williams licenses prosrm capacity management system from pros  revenue management  since i left , i don ' t know where this project stands . however , thought you  might want to see this .  hope all is well .  regards ,  stephanie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie miller / corp / enron on 03 / 15 / 2000  10 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  trobison @ prosrm . com on 03 / 15 / 2000 10 : 38 : 31 am  to : smiller @ enron . com  cc :  subject : williams licenses prosrm capacity management system from pros  revenue management  tina robison  corporate communications  pros revenue management  713 - 335 - 5397 - fax  713 - 335 - 5813 - phone  trobison @ prosrm . com  - williams . pros . pdf",0,williams licenses prosrm capacity management system pros revenue management since left know project stands however thought might want see hope well regards stephanie forwarded stephanie miller corp enron trobison prosrm com smiller enron com cc subject williams licenses prosrm capacity management system pros revenue management tina robison corporate communications pros revenue management fax phone trobison prosrm com williams pros pdf
Subject: secretly record all internet activity on any computer . . . bfl  find out who they are chatting / e - mailing with all those hours !  is your spouse cheating online ?  are your kids talking to dangerous people on instant messenger ?  find out now ! - with big brother instant software download .  click on this link now to see actual screenshots and to order !  to be excluded from future contacts please visit :  http : / / 213 . 139 . 76 . 69 / php / remove . php  blee,1,secretly record internet activity computer bfl find chatting e mailing hours spouse cheating online kids talking dangerous people instant messenger find big brother instant software download click link see actual screenshots order excluded future contacts please visit http php remove php blee
"Subject: re : real options  paul ,  krishna and i are thinking that you may be able to book this type of option  as a call swaption on power . if you would like to discuss further , let ' s  set up a time when we can call you .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 04 / 2001  04 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 02 / 2001 08 : 16 am  to : paul smith / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , paul  quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond  yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : re : real options  paul ,  we have done a lot of work in this area . i shall call you later  today ( monday my time ) , tuesday morning your time with  some recommendations .  vince  p . s . shirley , please send a real options binder to paul .  vince  from : paul smith @ enron _ development on 03 / 30 / 2001 08 : 42 am zel 0  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond  yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : real options  vince ,  the sydney office is currently evaluating a proposal that involves an option  to participate in building a wind farm . should this proceed , we would like to  mark this option "" to market "" .  have the research group completed any work on methods for booking and  remarking real options ? alternatively , do you have any suggestions as to the  best way to value , and book , real options fairly ?  regards  paul smith",0,real options paul krishna thinking may able book type option call swaption power would like discuss let set time call stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm vince j kaminski paul smith enron development enron development cc stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect paul quilkey enron development enron development raymond yeow enron development enron development subject real options paul done lot work area shall call later today monday time tuesday morning time recommendations vince p shirley please send real options binder paul vince paul smith enron development zel vince j kaminski ect cc paul quilkey enron development enron development raymond yeow enron development enron development subject real options vince sydney office currently evaluating proposal involves option participate building wind farm proceed would like mark option market research group completed work methods booking remarking real options alternatively suggestions best way value book real options fairly regards paul smith
"Subject: re :  roman ,  i shall be traveling next week ( europe again ) , mon thru fri .  it ' s power 2000 conference in paris .  i have many trips to different places later during october  ( berkeley , philadelphia , etc . ) . these are shorter , 1 - 2  day trips . please , let me know when you come to houston .  i shall keep you posted about my itinerary as  it becomes more certain .  vince  roman kosecki on 09 / 27 / 2000 09 : 08 : 39 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re :  that is so much easier , isnt it ( i mean english )  my office number inb nj is ( 973 ) 733 - 2771  in cal ( 562 ) 951 - 1790  my home number is ( 201 ) 222 - 0435  i will be in ny till friday , and then will stay in long beach for a few  weeks .  hope you had a great time in poland .  it would be really nice to have some italian pastry and a double espresso : )  let me know when you are in town .  roman  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , september 27 , 2000 9 : 07 am  to : roman kosecki  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : re :  roman ,  i shall type in english ( faster ) .  i was trying to locate you for some time after you left scem . i shall be  glad to  meet for dinner / coffee and chat . please , send me your phone number .  i have just come back from poland and go through my mail . i shall try to  reach you later  this week .  vince  roman kosecki on 09 / 25 / 2000 12 : 06 : 12 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  hello vince ,  nie bardzo wiem czy pisac po polsku czy po angielsku : )  co u ciebie slychac ?  u mnie troche zmian jak ze juz nie pracuje w scem , a przenioslem sie do  mieco ( a small marubeni backed energy - america trading company ) . bardzo  rozne od scem . najbardzij przypomina mi scem na poczatku z joe , jak bylo  20 - 30 osob . sa i minusy i plusy . troche structure i research ale przede  wszystkim weather . trrovhe latam miedzy east i west bo sa officy w obydwu  miejscach . california jest ok w zimie : ) .  na bardziej personalnym froncie ; pamietasz dinner na ktory poszlismy  kiedys na conferencji w ny z catherine ( she used to work for williams -  works for morgan stanley now ) , we are dating ( for a while ) . it is a  good story how we met . so we owe you dinner : )  jak bylem w atlancie to pracowala dla mnie christa grey . bedzie teraz  konczyla grad school in international relations ( with eastern european  slant ) , i zastanawia sie czy sa jakies mozliwosci polaczenia tego co  robila  ze "" wschodem "" . co robila to bylo przede wszystkim vb implementations  modeli  , ( roznego rodzaju ) , web based data collections , basic research , teraz  jest w gas structuring etc . she speaks russian and was in ukraine / poland  few times on peace corp assingments . she is very bright and dedicated .  myslalem zeby ja zwabic do californii ale ten eastern european pociag jest  u  niej silniejszy niz u mnie : ) . i have here resume , wiec jak bys myslal ze  jest jakis fit i will foreward it to you .  troche tak mieszanka pisze , przepraszam  bede chyba w houston w pazdzierniku to moze bysmy sie mogli spotkac .  latwiej pewnie by bylo w ny ( mieszkam po nj stronie ( rent jest inny niz w  atlancie : ) ( 201 ) 222 - 0435 ) , wiec daj mi znac jakbys mial czas i ochote .  thanks  roman",0,roman shall traveling next week europe mon thru fri power conference paris many trips different places later october berkeley philadelphia etc shorter day trips please let know come houston shall keep posted itinerary becomes certain vince roman kosecki vince j kaminski enron com cc subject much easier isnt mean english office number inb nj cal home number ny till friday stay long beach weeks hope great time poland would really nice italian pastry double espresso let know town roman original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday september roman kosecki cc vkaminski aol com subject roman shall type english faster trying locate time left scem shall glad meet dinner coffee chat please send phone number come back poland go mail shall try reach later week vince roman kosecki pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject hello vince nie bardzo wiem czy pisac po polsku czy po angielsku co u ciebie slychac u mnie troche zmian jak ze juz nie pracuje w scem przenioslem sie mieco small marubeni backed energy america trading company bardzo rozne od scem najbardzij przypomina mi scem na poczatku z joe jak bylo osob sa minusy plusy troche structure research ale przede wszystkim weather trrovhe latam miedzy east west bo sa officy w obydwu miejscach california jest ok w zimie na bardziej personalnym froncie pamietasz dinner na ktory poszlismy kiedys na conferencji w ny z catherine used work williams works morgan stanley dating good story met owe dinner jak bylem w atlancie pracowala dla mnie christa grey bedzie teraz konczyla grad school international relations eastern european slant zastanawia sie czy sa jakies mozliwosci polaczenia tego co robila ze wschodem co robila bylo przede wszystkim vb implementations modeli roznego rodzaju web based data collections basic research teraz jest w gas structuring etc speaks russian ukraine poland times peace corp assingments bright dedicated myslalem zeby ja zwabic californii ale ten eastern european pociag jest u niej silniejszy niz u mnie resume wiec jak bys myslal ze jest jakis fit foreward troche tak mieszanka pisze przepraszam bede chyba w houston w pazdzierniku moze bysmy sie mogli spotkac latwiej pewnie bylo w ny mieszkam po nj stronie rent jest inny niz w atlancie wiec daj mi znac jakbys mial czas ochote thanks roman
"Subject: market opportunity from ut generators  doug , fyi  i ' m sure that baldick would just as soon sell us energy as ae . plus we have  a better handle on market opportunites . see his e - mail below .  lance  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 04 / 16 / 2001  10 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" ross baldick "" on 04 / 15 / 2001 03 : 37 : 59 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : dissertation  dear lance ,  the university is predicting a shortfall due to increased  gas costs of between $ 30 and $ 40 million , over the next 1 to 2  years . for a long time , i have been wanting to explore opportunities for  the  campus to sell energy to austin energy when its load is below  peak . this big shortfall provides an impetus for the university  to want to maximize the value of its plant .  ross",0,market opportunity ut generators doug fyi sure baldick would soon sell us energy ae plus better handle market opportunites see e mail lance forwarded lance cunningham na enron ross baldick pm cc subject dissertation dear lance university predicting shortfall due increased gas costs million next years long time wanting explore opportunities campus sell energy austin energy load peak big shortfall provides impetus university want maximize value plant ross
"Subject: re : analyst candidate mitra mujica  thank you so much for reserving an analyst for our group . tomorrow is my  last day in houston until i return from london in 2 months . i won ' t forget  something for your baby . i ' ve asked gwyn koepke and vince kaminski to  interview mitra mujica in my absence . vince likes to interview all  candidates prior to being employed in the research department . i can  interview over the telephone . could you please send us mitra ' s resume .  regards ,  maureen  enron north america corp .  from : andrea richards @ enron 02 / 16 / 2001 04 : 42 pm  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron  cc : jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect , shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect , althea  gordon / na / enron @ enron , teresa bosien / hr / corp / enron @ enron  subject : analyst candidate mitra mujica  maureen ,  mitra mujica , an analyst candidate from super thursday 2 / 15 , has been  reserved for your group . please note that this placement is contingent upon  the candidate accepting the analyst program ' s offer . mitra will have two  weeks to respond and we will contact you once her response is received .  please contact me if you have any questions .  thank you ,  andrea richards  career development  associate & analyst program  x 3 - 6499",0,analyst candidate mitra mujica thank much reserving analyst group tomorrow last day houston return london months forget something baby asked gwyn koepke vince kaminski interview mitra mujica absence vince likes interview candidates prior employed research department interview telephone could please send us mitra resume regards maureen enron north america corp andrea richards enron pm maureen raymond hou ect ect gwyn koepke na enron enron cc jana giovannini hou ect ect shelly butler hou ect ect althea gordon na enron enron teresa bosien hr corp enron enron subject analyst candidate mitra mujica maureen mitra mujica analyst candidate super thursday reserved group please note placement contingent upon candidate accepting analyst program offer mitra two weeks respond contact response received please contact questions thank andrea richards career development associate analyst program x
"Subject: v - shoop  hello , welcome to the medzonli cloaca ne  - online pharmaceutical valorize shop .  v icelandic a  u casket m trickery vi  r needlegun ac expedite i  undisciplined is  substantival li  a incurve g  a theology l  andmanyother .  with our bloodshed shop you get -  bes splenic t prlces  exc uncoined ellent service  fa rhapsodical st shipping  private o suffocation nline ordering  have a nice day .",1,v shoop hello welcome medzonli cloaca ne online pharmaceutical valorize shop v icelandic u casket trickery vi r needlegun ac expedite undisciplined substantival li incurve g theology l andmanyother bloodshed shop get bes splenic prlces exc uncoined ellent service fa rhapsodical st shipping private suffocation nline ordering nice day
"Subject: mr . big shot !  vince -  i couldn ' t have been more pleased than when i saw your name on the managing  director promotion list last january - who says nice guys finish last !  i ' ve had the announcement in my "" to do "" folder all this time , waiting for me  to catch up enough to send you this message , but i guess you ' re no stranger  to that scenario . . . .  nothing stochastic about it , you ' re simply the best !  betty : )",0,mr big shot vince pleased saw name managing director promotion list last january says nice guys finish last announcement folder time waiting catch enough send message guess stranger scenario nothing stochastic simply best betty
"Subject: re : i am zhendong  zhendong ,  thanks . please , send me your updated resume as well .  vince  zhendong xia on 04 / 11 / 2001 09 : 14 : 01 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : i am zhendong  hi , dr . kaminski :  i am zhendong , the student of dr . deng . i think dr . deng has sent my  resume to you . i am very happy to have an opportunity to work with you  this summer .  i am a student in both ms qcf and ph . d eda programs in georgia tech  now . i plan to find a job in industry instead of academic after my  graduation . so i intend to do internship during the process of prusuing my  degree to acquire some experience for my future career .  i hope to start on 5 / 14 / 2001 and end on 8 / 17 / 2001 .  thanks a lot .  zhendong xia  georgia institute of technology  school of industrial and systems engineering  email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu  dengie @ sina . com  tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103  ( o ) 404 - 8944318",0,zhendong zhendong thanks please send updated resume well vince zhendong xia pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject zhendong hi dr kaminski zhendong student dr deng think dr deng sent resume happy opportunity work summer student ms qcf ph eda programs georgia tech plan find job industry instead academic graduation intend internship process prusuing degree acquire experience future career hope start end thanks lot zhendong xia georgia institute technology school industrial systems engineering email dengie isye gatech edu dengie sina com tel h
"Subject: re : support for exotica  i briefed vince this morning that we have supplied a fully functional exotica  options library to london office ( executable and source codes ) .  if you have any questions , my team is ready to help .  zimin  steven leppard  10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 50 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , dale  surbey / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect  cc : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect , zimin  lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : support for exotica  all  sharad ' s investigations of exotica ' s status in london have turned up a very  confused state of affairs . this isn ' t being helped by the fact that :  1 . anjam is rarely at his desk , and can ' t be found anywhere in the building .  2 . when he is around he isn ' t willing or able to provide all the information  sharad might need to support exotica .  this is worrying since much of our business depends on the validity of  exotica ' s valuations .  sharad will now request information from anjam via email to leave a trail ,  and i want to alert you to the fact that sharad will be cc ' ing you in on  these emails .  if things don ' t improve soon , i may need to request some assistance in  extracting this information from anjam .  many thanks ,  steve",0,support exotica briefed vince morning supplied fully functional exotica options library london office executable source codes questions team ready help zimin steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect tani nath lon ect ect cc paulo issler hou ect ect sharad agnihotri lon ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect subject support exotica sharad investigations exotica status london turned confused state affairs helped fact anjam rarely desk found anywhere building around willing able provide information sharad might need support exotica worrying since much business depends validity exotica valuations sharad request information anjam via email leave trail want alert fact sharad cc ing emails things improve soon may need request assistance extracting information anjam many thanks steve
"Subject: re :  i would like to help , but i am in kansas hunting pheasant during the last  week in december .  vince j kaminski  18 / 12 / 2000 15 : 46  to : debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , ted  murphy / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , david port / market  risk / corp / enron @ enron , mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect ,  greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  subject :  i am asking molly magee , our hr rep , to set up an interview for iris mack  with , depending on your availability between christmas and new year .  iris was interviewed by a number of my associates for a position  with the research group and my objective is to introduce her to a number  of enron units that she may eventually support . i shall appreciate your  comments .  vince kaminski",0,would like help kansas hunting pheasant last week december vince j kaminski debbie r brackett hou ect ect william bradford hou ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect david port market risk corp enron enron mark tawney hou ect ect joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect greg whalley hou ect ect louise kitchen hou ect ect cc molly magee hou ect ect subject asking molly magee hr rep set interview iris mack depending availability christmas new year iris interviewed number associates position research group objective introduce number enron units may eventually support shall appreciate comments vince kaminski
"Subject: re : training courses  shirley ,  no problem .  vince  shirley crenshaw  03 / 13 / 2000 12 : 08 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : training courses  vince :  kevin moore and jose marquez would like to take a course entitled  "" wellhead to burnertip "" which is scheduled monthly . the first course  available would be may 18 th and the cost would be $ 600 . 00 each .  is this ok ?  thanks !",0,training courses shirley problem vince shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject training courses vince kevin moore jose marquez would like take course entitled wellhead burnertip scheduled monthly first course available would may th cost would ok thanks
"Subject: from mrs fati  dear ,  i crave your indulgence at this mail coming from somebody you have not know before . i decided to do this after praying over the situation . you should please consider the transaction on its content and not the fact that you have not known me before . i need not dwell on how i came by your contact information because there are many such possibilities these days .  i would like to introduce myself as mrs . fati zongo , of repulic of benin , widow to late chief ; julius . o . zongo ( for consular of the benin i have been recently been daigonosed of cancer of the pelvics . i am writing from my sick bed . there is this usl 0 . 5 million my husband has in an account with the financial bank , benin of which i am the next of kin . with my health condition and because my husband and i have no children , i am  looking for a credible person to whom i will pass the right of next of kin . this person will apply to the bank and request for the transfer of the fund to his / her bank account . this is on the condition that you will take 25 % of the fund for yourself , 5 % used for expenses , while you will use the remaining 70 % for the less previlege people in the society .  this is in fulfilment of the last request of my husband : that a substantial part of the fund be used to carter for the less previleged . if this condition is acceptable to you , you should contact me immediately with your full names and contact information so that i will ask our family lawyer to prepare the authorization that will give you the right of next of kin to the account in the bank . i will also give you a text of the application you are to send to the bank . i cannot predict what will be my fate by the time the fund willbe transfered into your account , but you should please ensure that the fund is used as i have described above .  i look forward to your response .  yours ,  mrs . fati  note - the original deposite form will be send to you at yours demand .",1,mrs fati dear crave indulgence mail coming somebody know decided praying situation please consider transaction content fact known need dwell came contact information many possibilities days would like introduce mrs fati zongo repulic benin widow late chief julius zongo consular benin recently daigonosed cancer pelvics writing sick bed usl million husband account financial bank benin next kin health condition husband children looking credible person pass right next kin person apply bank request transfer fund bank account condition take fund used expenses use remaining less previlege people society fulfilment last request husband substantial part fund used carter less previleged condition acceptable contact immediately full names contact information ask family lawyer prepare authorization give right next kin account bank also give text application send bank predict fate time fund willbe transfered account please ensure fund used described look forward response mrs fati note original deposite form send demand
"Subject: software taking a bite out of your budget ? try oem !  can ' t draw a straight line ? well . . . now you can !  they have computers , and they may have other weapons of mass destruction .  he who limps still walks .",1,software taking bite budget try oem draw straight line well computers may weapons mass destruction limps still walks
"Subject: re : hello  hi vince ,  thank you for your offer to bring jacob back for another interview . yes , if  it is not too much trouble , i would like to talk with him . i was sorry i had  to be out of town last week when he was in the office . thanks , just let me  know when you would like me to be available .  kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 1 : 21 pm  to : watson , kimberly  cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; kaminski , vince  subject : re : hello  kim ,  this is a letter from one of the job applicants who works for pros .  it seems that the system they develop for williams  is more a scheduling system .  would you like to ask him to come back for another interview ,  to get more information out of him ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001  01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" jacob y . kang "" on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 18 : 44 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : hello  dear vince :  it was so nice meeting and talking with you too . i did  not take any pen back , i lost my pen too somewhere in  enron .  as i mentioned to you , after i got my ph . d in 1999 , i  have been working two years as lead scientist and  science manager in energy division at pros revenue  management inc . in houston .  i developed and implemented the mathematical models  for trading optimization system and firm  transportation optimization system .  the trading optimization system becomes the most  popular product in the industry this year . duke energy  just signed the contract to buy this product  yesterday . conoco and williams also signed the  contracts for it . according to pros sales department ,  the potential marketer to buy this product exceeds 15  companies in one or two years .  enron is the ideal place for me to continue my  research and system developing efforts to combine  revenue management with risk management . i am  confident that i can make significant contributions to  enron in this area .  i would like to thank you again for giving me this  opportunity to come to enron for this interview . i am  looking forward to having the opportunity to work in  enron .  sincerely yours  jacob  - - - vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > jacob ,  >  > it was nice meeting you . did take by any chance  > my pen ? if not , i apologize .  >  > vince  >  do you yahoo ! ?  get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail .  http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com /",0,hello hi vince thank offer bring jacob back another interview yes much trouble would like talk sorry town last week office thanks let know would like available kim original message kaminski vince sent monday april pm watson kimberly cc krishnarao pinnamaneni kaminski vince subject hello kim letter one job applicants works pros seems system develop williams scheduling system would like ask come back another interview get information vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm jacob kang pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject hello dear vince nice meeting talking take pen back lost pen somewhere enron mentioned got ph working two years lead scientist science manager energy division pros revenue management inc houston developed implemented mathematical models trading optimization system firm transportation optimization system trading optimization system becomes popular product industry year duke energy signed contract buy product yesterday conoco williams also signed contracts according pros sales department potential marketer buy product exceeds companies one two years enron ideal place continue research system developing efforts combine revenue management risk management confident make significant contributions enron area would like thank giving opportunity come enron interview looking forward opportunity work enron sincerely jacob vince j kaminski enron com wrote jacob nice meeting take chance pen apologize vince yahoo get email domain yahoo mail http personal mail yahoo com
"Subject: a chapter to be published in a book by clewlow / strickland  darrell ,  grant masson , ronnie chahal and myself made a contribution to the book  on energy derivatives to be published soon in australia ( a book by  clewlow and strickland ) .  given our growing workload and responsibilities , the quality of the paper is  less  than satisfactory . i would like to make sure that there are no obvious and  embarrassing errors in what we submit . i would appreciate if you could  take a quick look at the chapter and give us the feedback ( under the same  arrangement as in the previous cases ) .  thanks for looking at our storage model . i shall give you a call within the  next few days to update you on our work and developments at enron .  vince will start his senior year in 6 weeks . he wants to graduate and look  for work : he thinks getting an advanced degree in his field makes  no economic sense . he spent the summer building his  own computer ( 1000 mhz clock speed ) . i was the unskilled immigrant worker  toiling under his management .  i hope everything is well at home and that your wife ' s company is doing great .  regards .  vince",0,chapter published book clewlow strickland darrell grant masson ronnie chahal made contribution book energy derivatives published soon australia book clewlow strickland given growing workload responsibilities quality paper less satisfactory would like make sure obvious embarrassing errors submit would appreciate could take quick look chapter give us feedback arrangement previous cases thanks looking storage model shall give call within next days update work developments enron vince start senior year weeks wants graduate look work thinks getting advanced degree field makes economic sense spent summer building computer mhz clock speed unskilled immigrant worker toiling management hope everything well home wife company great regards vince
"Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s )  that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in  the performance management process , and your participation is very critical  to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the  performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as  described in the "" performance management quick reference guide "" . you may  begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms  completed by the date noted below .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers :  in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only )  or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback  requests , by operating company , that have an "" open "" feedback status . an  employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback  form and select the "" submit "" button in pep .  review group : enron  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000  carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000  carson , richard l richard b buy may 22 , 2000  crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j . kaminski may 24 , 2000  ghosh , soma timothy davies may 31 , 2000  kaminski , wincenty j . david w delainey jun 05 , 2000  peyton , john a randal t maffett jun 05 , 2000  thuraisingham , ravi vasant shanbhogue may 30 , 2000  vernon , clayton j vasant shanbhogue may 26 , 2000  yuan , ding richard l carson jun 02 , 2000  zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000",0,mid year performance feedback note receive message time selected reviewer selected participate mid year performance management process providing meaningful feedback specific employee identified feedback plays important role performance management process participation critical success enron performance management goals please provide feedback employee listed accessing performance management system pep completing online feedback form described performance management quick reference guide may begin feedback input immediately please feedback forms completed date noted questions regarding pep responsibility process please call pep help desk following numbers u option europe option canada canada employees e mail questions perfmgmt enron com thank participation important process following list employees cumulative list feedback requests operating company open feedback status employee name longer appear completed feedback form select submit button pep review group enron feedback due date jun employee name supervisor name date selected ahmad anjam dale surbey may carson margaret james steffes may carson richard l richard b buy may crenshaw shirley j wincenty j kaminski may ghosh soma timothy davies may kaminski wincenty j david w delainey jun peyton john randal maffett jun thuraisingham ravi vasant shanbhogue may vernon clayton j vasant shanbhogue may yuan ding richard l carson jun zipter rudi c theodore r murphy may
"Subject: dot . odpowiedzi na list  mam nadzieje , ze moja odowiedz na list sz . pana z dn . 19 . 01 . 01 doszla do pana .  byl on wysylany z niepewnego komputera .  jezeli nie doszedl , to prosze dac znac ( elektronicznie oczywiscie ) .  serdecznie pozdrawiam  grazyna piesniewska",0,dot odpowiedzi na list mam nadzieje ze moja odowiedz na list sz pana z dn doszla pana byl wysylany z niepewnego komputera jezeli nie doszedl prosze dac znac elektronicznie oczywiscie serdecznie pozdrawiam grazyna piesniewska
"Subject: re : the package  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001  01 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  01 / 23 / 2001 01 : 06 pm  to : "" valery kholodnyi "" @ enron  cc :  subject : re : the package  valery ,  thanks a lot . i have received the package last week .  i was traveling and i did not have time to take a closer look at it yet .  i think about a trip to dallas sometimes in the first few days of february . i  hope you will find time for lunch . i will contact you later this week  regarding the date .  vince  "" valery kholodnyi "" on 01 / 22 / 2001 05 : 59 : 53 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : the package  dear vince ,  could you please acknowledge receipt of the package with a copy of my article  on  spikes in power prices , as well as copies of my books and some of my other  relevant articles , that i recently sent to you .  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  valery",0,package forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm valery kholodnyi enron cc subject package valery thanks lot received package last week traveling time take closer look yet think trip dallas sometimes first days february hope find time lunch contact later week regarding date vince valery kholodnyi pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject package dear vince could please acknowledge receipt package copy article spikes power prices well copies books relevant articles recently sent look forward hearing sincerely valery
"Subject: re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack  hi ,  how are you ? seems like we have had a bit of difficulty contacting each  other . sorry i missed your call . i am now in nyc - until december 2 nd .  i will try to call you on tomorrow morning about 8 am houston time .  take care ,  iris  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > to : irismmack @ hotmail . com  > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > subject : hello  > date : tue , 21 nov 2000 15 : 14 : 31 - 0600  >  > iris ,  >  > we are trying to reach you but we are getting error messages .  > please , call me 713 853 3848 .  >  > vince  >  >  _ _ _ _ _ _ _  get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com",0,f u dr kaminski enron iris mack hi seems like bit difficulty contacting sorry missed call nyc december nd try call tomorrow morning houston time take care iris vince j kaminski enron com irismmack hotmail com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject hello date tue nov iris trying reach getting error messages please call vince get web free msn explorer download http explorer msn com
"Subject: re : power crisis in the west  tim belden ' s office referred me to you . has grant masson been replaced ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , november 06 , 2000 11 : 00 am  to : niam @ infocastinc . com  subject : re : power crisis in the west  nia ,  please , contact tim belden in our portland office .  his phone number is : ( 503 ) 464 - 3820  vince  nia mansell on 11 / 03 / 2000 12 : 46 : 52 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : power crisis in the west  dear vince ,  i spoke with you briefly yesterday regarding grant masson . you informed me  that he is no longer an enron employee . i have also been informed that  grant has not yet been replaced .  i am inquiring because infocast would like to have an enron representative  speak at an upcoming conference entitled "" power crisis in the west : status  it is certainly  going to be an exciting conference due to all of the controversy  surrounding  the situation in san diego .  kind regards ,  nia mansell  infocast  conference manager  ( 818 ) 888 - 4445 ext . 45  ( 818 ) 888 - 4440 fax  niam @ . com  >  ( see attached file : power crisis in the west invite . doc )",0,power crisis west tim belden office referred grant masson replaced original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday november niam infocastinc com subject power crisis west nia please contact tim belden portland office phone number vince nia mansell pm vkamins enron com cc subject power crisis west dear vince spoke briefly yesterday regarding grant masson informed longer enron employee also informed grant yet replaced inquiring infocast would like enron representative speak upcoming conference entitled power crisis west status certainly going exciting conference due controversy surrounding situation san diego kind regards nia mansell infocast conference manager ext fax niam com see attached file power crisis west invite doc
"Subject: organizational changes  as enron ' s broadband services business grows , we will continue to position  the company to take advantage of the significant opportunities in this market  and meet the needs of our global customers . with that in mind , we ' ve made a  number of changes within the office of the chairman of enron broadband  services aimed at providing a better focus on the key objectives of the  organization .  joe hirko and ken rice , previously co - ceos of enron broadband services , will  continue to jointly manage the strategic direction of the company . joe will  continue as ceo and will be responsible for the primary executive management  of ebs as well as network build - out , bos development , cross - market  capabilities and staff functions . ken will assume the role of chief  commercial officer and will be responsible for developing the commercial  functions of the organization .  in addition , kevin hannon has been named chief operating officer and will be  responsible for the day - to - day operations of ebs . kevin was most recently  ceo of global risk management and , prior to that position , he was president  and coo of enron north america , where he has been instrumental in developing  enron ' s trading and risk management business in gas , electricity and other  emerging markets . greg whalley , president and coo of ena , will again assume  his responsibilities for global risk management .  please join us in congratulating joe , ken , kevin and greg in their new roles .",0,organizational changes enron broadband services business grows continue position company take advantage significant opportunities market meet needs global customers mind made number changes within office chairman enron broadband services aimed providing better focus key objectives organization joe hirko ken rice previously co ceos enron broadband services continue jointly manage strategic direction company joe continue ceo responsible primary executive management ebs well network build bos development cross market capabilities staff functions ken assume role chief commercial officer responsible developing commercial functions organization addition kevin hannon named chief operating officer responsible day day operations ebs kevin recently ceo global risk management prior position president coo enron north america instrumental developing enron trading risk management business gas electricity emerging markets greg whalley president coo ena assume responsibilities global risk management please join us congratulating joe ken kevin greg new roles
"Subject: [ ilug ] guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days 10 . 206  1 ) fight the risk of cancer !  2 ) slim down - guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days  3 ) get the child support you deserve - free legal advice  4 ) join the web ' s fastest growing singles community  5 ) start your private photo album online !  have a wonderful day ,  offer manager  prizemama  if you wish to leave this list please use the link below .  - -  irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug guaranteed lose lbs days fight risk cancer slim guaranteed lose lbs days get child support deserve free legal advice join web fastest growing singles community start private photo album online wonderful day offer manager prizemama wish leave list please use link irish linux users group ilug linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo ilug un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: operating & strategic plan 2001 - 2003  one more update . i think we finally have the file where we want it . please  use the file attached .  thanks again .  dawn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dawn derr / corp / enron on 07 / 20 / 2000 11 : 15  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  dawn derr  07 / 17 / 2000 11 : 02 am  to : rob walls / na / enron @ enron , monica reasoner / hou / ect @ ect , greek  rice / corp / enron @ enron , larry dallman / gpgfin / enron @ enron , christine  schlaudraff / corp / enron @ enron , rodney faldyn / corp / enron @ enron , sally  beck / hou / ect @ ect , suzanne brown / hou / ect @ ect , mark koenig / corp / enron @ enron ,  elizabeth linnell / hou / ees @ ees , j mark metts / na / enron @ enron , charlene  jackson / corp / enron @ enron , gary mccumber / hou / ect @ ect , robert  johansen / corp / enron @ enron , paul clayton / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , billie akhave / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia  barrow / hr / corp / enron @ enron , sharon aulds / hr / corp / enron @ enro  cc :  subject : operating & strategic plan 2001 - 2003  please use the budget format sheet attached below . there is an error in the  executive summary sheet of the original file . hope this does not cause  anyone undue problems .  thanks .  dawn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dawn derr / corp / enron on 07 / 17 / 2000 12 : 01  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  dawn derr  07 / 14 / 2000 03 : 17 pm  to : rob walls / na / enron @ enron , monica reasoner / hou / ect @ ect , greek  rice / corp / enron @ enron , larry dallman / gpgfin / enron @ enron , christine  schlaudraff / corp / enron @ enron , rodney faldyn / corp / enron @ enron , sally  beck / hou / ect @ ect , suzanne brown / hou / ect @ ect , mark koenig / corp / enron @ enron ,  elizabeth linnell / hou / ees @ ees , j mark metts / na / enron @ enron , charlene  jackson / corp / enron @ enron , gary mccumber / hou / ect @ ect , robert  johansen / corp / enron @ enron , paul clayton / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , billie akhave / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia  barrow / hr / corp / enron @ enron , sharon aulds / hr / corp / enron @ enron  cc : elaine schield / corp / enron @ enron , terry west / corp / enron @ enron  subject : operating & strategic plan 2001 - 2003  attached are the guidelines and the budget template for the 2001 - 2003  operating & strategic plan .  a budget template should be completed for each cost center in your  area / group that will be utilized for 2001 . all budgets are due to corp .  financial planning no later than close of business august 14 , 2000 .  while corporate financial planning has attempted to make the process as easy  as possible , we know questions will arise . please feel free to contact me at  x 37775 with any questions or problems .  thanks in advance .  dawn",0,operating strategic plan one update think finally file want please use file attached thanks dawn forwarded dawn derr corp enron dawn derr rob walls na enron enron monica reasoner hou ect ect greek rice corp enron enron larry dallman gpgfin enron enron christine schlaudraff corp enron enron rodney faldyn corp enron enron sally beck hou ect ect suzanne brown hou ect ect mark koenig corp enron enron elizabeth linnell hou ees ees j mark metts na enron enron charlene jackson corp enron enron gary mccumber hou ect ect robert johansen corp enron enron paul clayton hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect billie akhave epsc hou ect ect cynthia barrow hr corp enron enron sharon aulds hr corp enron enro cc subject operating strategic plan please use budget format sheet attached error executive summary sheet original file hope cause anyone undue problems thanks dawn forwarded dawn derr corp enron pm dawn derr pm rob walls na enron enron monica reasoner hou ect ect greek rice corp enron enron larry dallman gpgfin enron enron christine schlaudraff corp enron enron rodney faldyn corp enron enron sally beck hou ect ect suzanne brown hou ect ect mark koenig corp enron enron elizabeth linnell hou ees ees j mark metts na enron enron charlene jackson corp enron enron gary mccumber hou ect ect robert johansen corp enron enron paul clayton hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect billie akhave epsc hou ect ect cynthia barrow hr corp enron enron sharon aulds hr corp enron enron cc elaine schield corp enron enron terry west corp enron enron subject operating strategic plan attached guidelines budget template operating strategic plan budget template completed cost center area group utilized budgets due corp financial planning later close business august corporate financial planning attempted make process easy possible know questions arise please feel free contact x questions problems thanks advance dawn
Subject: don ' t be a fuddy - duddy . . . use the software everyone ' s using . . .  send the love home with an online photo album  we was robbed !  how could i lose to such an idiot ?,1,fuddy duddy use software everyone using send love home online photo album robbed could lose idiot
"Subject: vince :  i was in the power modeling presentation the other day and wanted to know if  i could get a copy of your presentation . thanks agin for taking the time to  go through this important material with us .  regards ,  ben rogers  3 - 7998",0,vince power modeling presentation day wanted know could get copy presentation thanks agin taking time go important material us regards ben rogers
"Subject: cuiaba models  hey ding . if you recall , we looked at southern cone during july , as this  was the feedback that we got from our presentation in late may . the cuiaba  gas and power volumes may be found in several different places since there is  more than one model . the models do not necessarily agree with each other . i  have attached a few models that should contain the necessary info . i also  have a summary sheet template that was to be attached in maps . enjoy .  - kevin k .",0,cuiaba models hey ding recall looked southern cone july feedback got presentation late may cuiaba gas power volumes may found several different places since one model models necessarily agree attached models contain necessary info also summary sheet template attached maps enjoy kevin k
"Subject: your trip  hi vince ,  the following has been organised for you :  sunday  6 . 45 pm dinner at diverso restaurant 85 piccadilly 0207 491 2222 with ben ,  steve , anjam  monday  clear until noon  12 pm lunch with dale surbey at olivetto or olivo  2 . 30 pm interviews start  6 . 30 pm  or 7 pm approximate time for end of interviews  tuesday  clear until 10 am  10 am to 12 pm energydesk . com meeting with mikael nordstrum  afternoon clear  wednesday  9 am to 10 . 30 am riskcare meeting in nel 002 with michael curran , anjam and dale  11 . 30 am to 12 pm meeting with john sherriff  regards ,  anjam  x 35383",0,trip hi vince following organised sunday pm dinner diverso restaurant piccadilly ben steve anjam monday clear noon pm lunch dale surbey olivetto olivo pm interviews start pm pm approximate time end interviews tuesday clear pm energydesk com meeting mikael nordstrum afternoon clear wednesday riskcare meeting nel michael curran anjam dale pm meeting john sherriff regards anjam x
"Subject: mscf speaker series  mscf speaker series  official invitation  ?  ?  it is with great pride that i announce the next event in the speaker series .  next friday we will have the honor to host a conference given by mr . vince  kaminski ? managing director research at enron corp .  ?  the next event in the  student speaker series is :  friday , november 3 , 2000  11 : 30 a . m . to 12 : 30 p . m . fast lab  [ image ] vince kaminski  managing director , research .  enron corp .  tentative student speaker series schedule 2000 - 2001  the following is a tentative schedule of the mscf student speaker series for  the 2000 - 2001 academic year . all events take place from 11 : 30 a . m . to 12 : 30  p . m . in the fast lab ( gsia 229 ) unless otherwise noted . updates are soon to  follow .  volatility curve and bond basis  august 11 , 2000  david hartney & jerry hanweck  vice president , futures and option sales j . p . morgan  price and hedging volatility contracts  september 1 , 2000  dmitry pugachevsky  deutsche bank  dmitry pugachesky is a director with otc derivatives research of deutsche  bank , where his research is primarily focussed on credit derivatives . prior  to joining deutsche bank , dmitry worked for six years with global analytics  group of bankers trust . there he developed models for emerging markets ,  interest rates , and equity derivatives and also participated in actual  trading and structuring of interest rate options . he received his phd in  applied mathematics from carnegie mellon university specializing in control  theory for stochastic processes . he has published several papers on  modelling in emerging markets and on valuation for passport options .  a measurement framework for bank liquidity risk  september 15 , 2000  raymond cote  vice president , finrad inc .  raymond cote is vice president , financial engineering at finrad inc . , a  montreal - based consulting firm offering financial management solutions that  combine advisory and systems development services to & corporations and  financial institutions .  abstract :  liquidity risk , as opposed to credit and market risks , has received little  attention in professional or academic journals . we argue that analyzing bank  liquidity risk can be viewed as a variation of credit risk analysis . after  introducing some concepts and definitions , the presentation defines a  framework allowing to measure a bank ' s structural liquidity risk . it then  shows that combining the framework with modern credit risk measurement tools  leads to a liquidity risk var measure . the presentation then offers  concluding comments on the integration of the liquidity risk measurement  framework within enterprise - wide risk management .  the impact of electronic trading on the uses of quantitative research in  equity options  september 22 , 2000  scott morris  hull group , quantitative research department  quantitative research in investment management  october 6 , 2000  raman srivastava & anna bulkovshteyn  assistant vice president , & fixed income , quantitative analysts , putman  investments  [ image ]  tba  november 3 , 2000  vince kaminski  managing director , research .  enron corp .  fund management and market efficiency  november 10 , 2000  andrea dalton  researcher , friess associates  ( advisor to the brandywine funds ) .  tba  november 17 , 2000  jeff keifer & deb  aep  tutorial on bridge  november 24 , 2000  pierre ste - marie & punit rawal  mscf students  a corporate risk management framework  december 8 , 2000  darin aprati & brian moore  mcdonald ' s  [ image ] math speaker series schedule 2000 - 2001  [ image ] speaker series student committee  [ image ] previous speakers  ?  pierre - philippe ste - marie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  [ image ] http : / / pstemarie . homestead . com",0,mscf speaker series mscf speaker series official invitation great pride announce next event speaker series next friday honor host conference given mr vince kaminski managing director research enron corp next event student speaker series friday november p fast lab image vince kaminski managing director research enron corp tentative student speaker series schedule following tentative schedule mscf student speaker series academic year events take place p fast lab gsia unless otherwise noted updates soon follow volatility curve bond basis august david hartney jerry hanweck vice president futures option sales j p morgan price hedging volatility contracts september dmitry pugachevsky deutsche bank dmitry pugachesky director otc derivatives research deutsche bank research primarily focussed credit derivatives prior joining deutsche bank dmitry worked six years global analytics group bankers trust developed models emerging markets interest rates equity derivatives also participated actual trading structuring interest rate options received phd applied mathematics carnegie mellon university specializing control theory stochastic processes published several papers modelling emerging markets valuation passport options measurement framework bank liquidity risk september raymond cote vice president finrad inc raymond cote vice president financial engineering finrad inc montreal based consulting firm offering financial management solutions combine advisory systems development services corporations financial institutions abstract liquidity risk opposed credit market risks received little attention professional academic journals argue analyzing bank liquidity risk viewed variation credit risk analysis introducing concepts definitions presentation defines framework allowing measure bank structural liquidity risk shows combining framework modern credit risk measurement tools leads liquidity risk var measure presentation offers concluding comments integration liquidity risk measurement framework within enterprise wide risk management impact electronic trading uses quantitative research equity options september scott morris hull group quantitative research department quantitative research investment management october raman srivastava anna bulkovshteyn assistant vice president fixed income quantitative analysts putman investments image tba november vince kaminski managing director research enron corp fund management market efficiency november andrea dalton researcher friess associates advisor brandywine funds tba november jeff keifer deb aep tutorial bridge november pierre ste marie punit rawal mscf students corporate risk management framework december darin aprati brian moore mcdonald image math speaker series schedule image speaker series student committee image previous speakers pierre philippe ste marie image http pstemarie homestead com
"Subject: allocation schedule  we spoke prior to the holiday and you were working on a list on support names  and projects that research is working on for various bus . can you tell me  how you are doing on that ? sarah brown , my manager , had a meeting with corp  and they are disputing the billing we are proposing to bill to them ( $ 1 . 9 m ) .  their argument is that they are going to bill ena back anyway ; therefore ,  they have agreed to take 40 % of the amount we intented to bill them in 2001 ,  which is approximately $ 760 k . if you have any questions , please call .  thanx .",0,allocation schedule spoke prior holiday working list support names projects research working various bus tell sarah brown manager meeting corp disputing billing proposing bill argument going bill ena back anyway therefore agreed take amount intented bill approximately k questions please call thanx
"Subject: the database that bill gates doesnt want you to know about ! ! ! ! !  important notice : regarding your domain name  * if you own a . com / . net / . org , you are advised to register  your . ws "" web site "" domain before someone else takes it forever .  * major corporations such as yahoo , att & intel , have all  registered their . ws "" web site "" domains for their company names  as well as all their trademarks , to protect them forever .  * . ws "" web site "" domains are in 180 + countries worldwide  * availability for . ws is ~ 88 % compared to ~ 24 % for . com  we thought you ' d find the article on . ws below interesting .  if you want more information on where to register . ws "" web site ""  domains , and how to get a discount on multiple registrations ,  contact us at http : / / www . netleads . ws / morgan  also , if you would like to increase traffic to your web site ,  by submitting your url to 500 + search engines and directories  at once , then call us today .  sincerely ,  joe & stacy morgan  + 1 . 888 . 660 . 0625  internet names , llc .  # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #  news release :  . ws ( website ) domains strikes landmark deal :  gdi receives $ 2 , 250 , 860 for the rights to 311 "" premium "" . ws domain  names .  - - -  last week , gdi ( global domains international , inc . ) , the registry for . ws  "" web site "" domains , closed a deal with a large publicly traded company ,  one of the biggest players in the . com arena , and received payment in  full of $ 2 , 250 , 860 for the rights to a select group of "" premium "" . ws  domain names . the 311 domain names will be resold to the highest  bidders and ultimately developed into substantial . ws web sites , giving  . ws even more publicity down the road .  to be be removed http : / / www . netleads . ws / remove",1,database bill gates doesnt want know important notice regarding domain name com net org advised register ws web site domain someone else takes forever major corporations yahoo att intel registered ws web site domains company names well trademarks protect forever ws web site domains countries worldwide availability ws compared com thought find article ws interesting want information register ws web site domains get discount multiple registrations contact us http www netleads ws morgan also would like increase traffic web site submitting url search engines directories call us today sincerely joe stacy morgan internet names llc news release ws website domains strikes landmark deal gdi receives rights premium ws domain names last week gdi global domains international inc registry ws web site domains closed deal large publicly traded company one biggest players com arena received payment full rights select group premium ws domain names domain names resold highest bidders ultimately developed substantial ws web sites giving ws even publicity road removed http www netleads ws remove
"Subject: cal berkeley general presentation confirmation - 10 / 16 / 00  we have been able to secure rooms at the claremont hotel in berkeley . please  note the confirmation numbers listed below . thanks !  claremont resort and spa - berkeley  41 tunnel road  berkeley , ca 94705  510 - 843 - 3000  from oakland airport : go straight out of the airport on airport blvd . turn  right on hegenberger road . from hegenberger  follow signs for 880 north . follow hwy 880 north and follow signs for hwy 24  to walnut creek . take the claremont avenue exit , turning  left at the bottom of the exit onto claremont . turn right on ashby avenue  ( 5 th stoplight ) and the hotel ' s entrance is two blocks ahead on the left .  from san francisco airport : follow signs for hwy 101 north to san francisco ,  take hwy 80 east to the bay bridge to oakland .  cross bay bridge on hwy 80 , follow to 580 east , and exit onto hwy 24 to  berkeley / walnut creek . follow hwy 880 north and follow signs for  hwy 24 to walnut creek . take the claremont avenue exit , turning left at the  bottom of the exit onto claremont . turn right on ashby avenue  ( 5 th stoplight ) and the hotel ' s entrance is two blocks ahead on the left .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ashley baxter / corp / enron on 10 / 12 / 2000  07 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lara marie berry  10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 58 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , john pavetto / corp / enron @ enron , radu  tutos / enron communications @ enron communications , denise  rancour / corp / enron @ enron  cc : ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron , simone lewis / na / enron @ enron  subject : cal berkeley general presentation confirmation - 10 / 16 / 00  cal berkeley  general presentation  monday , october 16 th  this note is to confirm that you are scheduled to attend the cal berkeley  general presentation on monday october 16 th . this e - mail should contain any  information that you need to know pertaining to your trip . please print out  a hard copy and bring with you in case of emergency . if you have any  questions , there is a list of contacts listed below .  once again , thank you for offering to help with technology recruiting at cal  berkeley . see you on campus !  lara  the general presentation will be held :  monday , october 16 th  the faculty club  seaborg room - 2 nd floor  7 : 00 p . m . to 9 : 00 p . m .  * * please plan on arriving at the general presentation by 6 : 00 p . m .  the general presentation is designed to educate the students on enron and the  global technology track . following the presentation we will invite the  students to ask questions about enron and the global technology track .  please plan to arrive at the general presentation by 6 : 00 p . m . it is  business casual attire .  flight arrangements :  you are responsible for scheduling your own flight arrangements with your  preferred airline provider . please schedule your flight to arrive to the san  francisco airport on monday , october 16 th . please remember that there can  be significant traffic over the bay bridge and to get into town at least an  hour prior to the event . please make all flight arrangements through the  travel agency in the park so that we are able to take advantage of discount  fares . if you do not have a representative that you currently use at the  travel agency in the park - feel free to contact liz mendiola at 713 - 860 - 1140 .  rental car arrangements :  once again , you are responsible for scheduling your own rental car  arrangements with your preferred provider . your travel agency in the park  representative should be able to assist you with rental car reservations .  hotel arrangements :  hotel reservations are currently being made by our representative at the  travel agency in the park .  as soon as we have confirmation numbers , i will let you know .  san francisco airport to the faculty club  take 101 northbound  exit to san francisco / oakland bay bridge  exit to 1 - 80 east  exit on university ave .  east on university avenue for 1 . 5 miles to oxford st .  right on oxford st . , left on durant ave . , left on piedmont  you will see parking on the right side  once again , thank you so much for helping with the general presentation .  below are some last minute tips to keep in mind :  please remember to dress business casual .  please remember to bring some business cards for students .  i have attached a pdf version of the global technology track brochure .  please forward all expense receipts to grace garcia . she will handle any  expenses incurred for this recruiting trip including : flight costs , hotel ,  car , food , valet , etc . however , you must turn in some sort of receipt - so  be sure and save them !  ashley baxter work : 713 - 853 - 3589  cell : 281 - 793 - 0567  lara berry work : 713 - 345 - 8320  cell : 713 - 857 - 1034  grace garcia work : 713 - 853 - 7252  simone lewis work : 713 - 853 - 1645",0,cal berkeley general presentation confirmation able secure rooms claremont hotel berkeley please note confirmation numbers listed thanks claremont resort spa berkeley tunnel road berkeley ca oakland airport go straight airport airport blvd turn right hegenberger road hegenberger follow signs north follow hwy north follow signs hwy walnut creek take claremont avenue exit turning left bottom exit onto claremont turn right ashby avenue th stoplight hotel entrance two blocks ahead left san francisco airport follow signs hwy north san francisco take hwy east bay bridge oakland cross bay bridge hwy follow east exit onto hwy berkeley walnut creek follow hwy north follow signs hwy walnut creek take claremont avenue exit turning left bottom exit onto claremont turn right ashby avenue th stoplight hotel entrance two blocks ahead left forwarded ashley baxter corp enron pm lara marie berry pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect john pavetto corp enron enron radu tutos enron communications enron communications denise rancour corp enron enron cc ashley baxter corp enron enron simone lewis na enron enron subject cal berkeley general presentation confirmation cal berkeley general presentation monday october th note confirm scheduled attend cal berkeley general presentation monday october th e mail contain information need know pertaining trip please print hard copy bring case emergency questions list contacts listed thank offering help technology recruiting cal berkeley see campus lara general presentation held monday october th faculty club seaborg room nd floor p p please plan arriving general presentation p general presentation designed educate students enron global technology track following presentation invite students ask questions enron global technology track please plan arrive general presentation p business casual attire flight arrangements responsible scheduling flight arrangements preferred airline provider please schedule flight arrive san francisco airport monday october th please remember significant traffic bay bridge get town least hour prior event please make flight arrangements travel agency park able take advantage discount fares representative currently use travel agency park feel free contact liz mendiola rental car arrangements responsible scheduling rental car arrangements preferred provider travel agency park representative able assist rental car reservations hotel arrangements hotel reservations currently made representative travel agency park soon confirmation numbers let know san francisco airport faculty club take northbound exit san francisco oakland bay bridge exit east exit university ave east university avenue miles oxford st right oxford st left durant ave left piedmont see parking right side thank much helping general presentation last minute tips keep mind please remember dress business casual please remember bring business cards students attached pdf version global technology track brochure please forward expense receipts grace garcia handle expenses incurred recruiting trip including flight costs hotel car food valet etc however must turn sort receipt sure save ashley baxter work cell lara berry work cell grace garcia work simone lewis work
"Subject: re : bullet points  please respond to hi vince ,  thanks for the bullets . regarding power 2001 , it certainly does promise to  be a very interesting event .  have a great week ,  paul  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , april 09 , 2001 9 : 11 am  to : pbristow @ riskwaters . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : bullet points  paul ,  i am sending you modified bullet points . the modifications are in red .  apologies for a delay in responding to your messages .  by the way , power 2001 gets only more and more interesting every day .  vince  ( see attached file : financial maths draft . doc )",0,bullet points please respond hi vince thanks bullets regarding power certainly promise interesting event great week paul original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday april pbristow riskwaters com cc vince j kaminski enron com vkaminski aol com subject bullet points paul sending modified bullet points modifications red apologies delay responding messages way power gets interesting every day vince see attached file financial maths draft doc
Subject: did you complete this ?  free service  mortgage rates have never been lower .  is your credit good ? get a loan beyond your wildest  expectations !  click here  your credit stinks ? lenders  will still give you an absolutely amazing loan .  click here  just click here and get started .  absolutely free quote .  click  here for quick details ! ,1,complete free service mortgage rates never lower credit good get loan beyond wildest expectations click credit stinks lenders still give absolutely amazing loan click click get started absolutely free quote click quick details
"Subject: enhanced energy scheduler tool in production today  message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at  pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com :  the new pjm enhanced energy scheduler ( ees ) will go into production at 10 : 00  this morning 4 / 17 / 00 at https : / / ees . pjm . com / mui / index . htm . schedules may be  submitted for energy that begins on or after tomorrow , 4 / 18 / 00 . for questions  please contact pjm at 610 - 666 - 2270 .  questions may be directed to pjm customer service at ( 610 ) 666 - 8980 .  to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com  containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail :  unsubscribe pjm - customer - info",0,enhanced energy scheduler tool production today message sent pjm customer info mailing list pjm customer info majordomo pjm com new pjm enhanced energy scheduler ees go production morning https ees pjm com mui index htm schedules may submitted energy begins tomorrow questions please contact pjm questions may directed pjm customer service unsubscribe list send e mail majordomo majordomo pjm com containing following line body e mail unsubscribe pjm customer info
"Subject: voila  hey guys , the model just converged , beautifully . thanks for having the guts  to try something big .  clayton",0,voila hey guys model converged beautifully thanks guts try something big clayton
"Subject: re : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi again ,  thanks for the financial data on enron ' s european counterparties .  it is my understanding that you started out with a list of 500 such counterparties . however , your spreadsheet only contains information for 72 of these european counterparties .  will you please tell me the logic behind the elimination of the 400 + other counterparties ?  thanks so much ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : parsons , ben  sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 2 : 56 am  to : mack , iris  cc : valnek , tomas ; dhar , amitava ; mumford , mike  subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi iris  the inputs and outputs generated by riskcalc can be seen in the attached file :  >  we only looked at the 5 - yr pd .  inputs are in columns a - u . these are the inputs generated by amadeus . you can run these inputs through the riskcalc model over the web ( http : / / www . moodysqra . com / privfirm ) using the login : dupred , password : detective . this is our trial licence which lasts for about 2 more weeks ( mike mumford will have more details about the current licence )  tomas valnek was getting the data from the amadeus database , so i ' ll leave it to him to determine if houston access is possible . in the meantime you can use the dataset attached for testing purposes .  ben  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 12 / 04 / 2001 17 : 58 cdt  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron  subject : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi ben ,  how are you ? today we had a meeting with craig chaney and jeff kinneman to discuss the private firm model .  they requested that i spend some time carefully analyzing the moody ' s riskcalc model . i noticed that you also have been looking at riskcalc - as indicated in your paper entitled "" pricing parent companies and their subsidiaries : model description and data requirements ""  other than the example discussed in your paper , did generate any other test statistics , scores , etc .  also , you stated that you used amadeus database . we are in the process of trying to obtain data from various data vendors - but that may take a while . in the mean time , may we have access to the amadeus database or some sample dataset ?  thanks so much ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : valnek , tomas  sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 9 : 10 am  to : fiala , markus ; seyfried , bryan ; salmon , scott ; kirkpatrick , eric ; mumford , mike ; fontaine , jean - sebastien ; brooks , simon ; price , nigel ; diprose , robert ; rezaeian , reza ; gordon , mike ; lee , derek ; hershkovitz , ilan ; golden , sally ; stephan , nicholas ; albanis , george ; shanbhogue , vasant ; mack , iris  cc : parsons , ben  subject : parent - subsidary model  attached is a description of the parent - subsidiary model that ben and i have been working on over the last few weeks .  comments welcome !  tv  >",0,fw parent subsidary model hi thanks financial data enron european counterparties understanding started list counterparties however spreadsheet contains information european counterparties please tell logic behind elimination counterparties thanks much iris original message parsons ben sent tuesday april mack iris cc valnek tomas dhar amitava mumford mike subject fw parent subsidary model hi iris inputs outputs generated riskcalc seen attached file looked yr pd inputs columns u inputs generated amadeus run inputs riskcalc model web http www moodysqra com privfirm using login dupred password detective trial licence lasts weeks mike mumford details current licence tomas valnek getting data amadeus database leave determine houston access possible meantime use dataset attached testing purposes ben iris mack enron enronxgate cdt ben parsons lon ect ect cc amitava dhar corp enron enron subject fw parent subsidary model hi ben today meeting craig chaney jeff kinneman discuss private firm model requested spend time carefully analyzing moody riskcalc model noticed also looking riskcalc indicated paper entitled pricing parent companies subsidiaries model description data requirements example discussed paper generate test statistics scores etc also stated used amadeus database process trying obtain data various data vendors may take mean time may access amadeus database sample dataset thanks much iris original message valnek tomas sent tuesday april fiala markus seyfried bryan salmon scott kirkpatrick eric mumford mike fontaine jean sebastien brooks simon price nigel diprose robert rezaeian reza gordon mike lee derek hershkovitz ilan golden sally stephan nicholas albanis george shanbhogue vasant mack iris cc parsons ben subject parent subsidary model attached description parent subsidiary model ben working last weeks comments welcome tv
"Subject: re : credit . com cv ' s  could we talk on monday pls . obtain the feedback of your team .  thanks for the assistance  vince j kaminski  08 / 05 / 2000 22 : 46  to : rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , bryan  seyfried / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : credit . com cv ' s  rosie ,  we are making arrangements to bring them to houston for an  interview .  vince  rosalinda resendez  05 / 08 / 2000 11 : 10 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : credit . com cv ' s  vince ,  i ' ve been asked to forward these resumes to you .  rosie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rosalinda resendez / hou / ect on 05 / 08 / 2000  11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  louise  bratby  05 / 08 / 2000 10 : 11 am  to : rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : credit . com cv ' s  rosalinda  i work with melanie doyle in london hr . i have two candidates who i ' m trying  to arrange ( for bryan seyfried ) to come in and see vince kaminski however i ' m  finding it difficult to co - ordinate from this end . would it be possible for  you to forward these cv ' s on to vince ' s assistant as i ' m not sure who the  correct person is .  thanks for your help and if you need more details my number is 44 20 7783  6945 .  regards  louise",0,credit com cv could talk monday pls obtain feedback team thanks assistance vince j kaminski rosalinda resendez hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect bryan seyfried lon ect ect subject credit com cv rosie making arrangements bring houston interview vince rosalinda resendez vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject credit com cv vince asked forward resumes rosie forwarded rosalinda resendez hou ect louise bratby rosalinda resendez hou ect ect cc subject credit com cv rosalinda work melanie doyle london hr two candidates trying arrange bryan seyfried come see vince kaminski however finding difficult co ordinate end would possible forward cv vince assistant sure correct person thanks help need details number regards louise
"Subject: re : weekly report  vasant ,  yes , it ' s perfect . please , indicate that the wording was unfortunate .  vince  vasant shanbhogue  03 / 08 / 2001 11 : 20 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : weekly report  hi vince ,  regarding david port ' s response to kevin kindall ' s email , i feel that i  should respond , at least to make our position clear . please indicate if the  following response is appropriate - - - - - - -  "" hi david ,  i understand that you were slightly upset over a comment kevin kindall made  in one of his weekly reports . the intention was never to disparage anybody .  it is just that since research gets data from a large number of sources , we  feel obligated to the data donor to ask any requester for clarification of  need . i completely understand that rac typically has access to much  sensitive information and they have a right to know much information . we  just want to make sure there is open flow of information ( it is in  everybody ' s best interests and the company ' s best interests ) and that  everybody is aware of how data is flowing .  best wishes ,  vasant ""  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001  11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : david port / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 08 / 2001 08 : 46 am  to : kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , rudi  zipter / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : weekly report  kevin - thanks for the update .  on the stock option plans , if your angle is what i suspect , i suggest you get  with rudi zipter , who has done a great deal of work on this exposure ,  including characterising and actually booking the short option positions in  enron ' s equity system . we are already working with ben glisan ' s team firming  up a hedging program . we are well advanced in this effort so if you get with  my people it could save you a great deal of time .  secondly , i am afraid i do take some exception to your references to naveen ' s  team in your last point . generally in rac i don ' t believe we are obliged to  explain why we need information , except as a courtesy - otherwise that would  compromise our role somewhat . specifically , i am aware of the sensitivity of  raptor , just as i am of the sensitivity of all the information my group is  privvy to on a daily basis . again , we have done a good deal of work on these  structures too ( i see a position report daily ) . as i have discussed with  vince , naveen ' s request would have been derived from a discussion we all had  with rick , concerning "" meltdown "" scenarios and their effect on , amongst other  things , funding vehicles .  but i would rather have had a conversation about this than see slightly  disparaging remarks about my people in email traffic .  rgds  dp  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kindall , kevin  sent : monday , march 05 , 2001 8 : 19 am  to : kaminski , vince ; shanbhogue , vasant  cc : port , david  subject : weekly report  >",0,weekly report vasant yes perfect please indicate wording unfortunate vince vasant shanbhogue vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject weekly report hi vince regarding david port response kevin kindall email feel respond least make position clear please indicate following response appropriate hi david understand slightly upset comment kevin kindall made one weekly reports intention never disparage anybody since research gets data large number sources feel obligated data donor ask requester clarification need completely understand rac typically access much sensitive information right know much information want make sure open flow information everybody best interests company best interests everybody aware data flowing best wishes vasant forwarded vasant shanbhogue hou ect david port enron enronxgate kevin kindall corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect rudi zipter enron enronxgate subject weekly report kevin thanks update stock option plans angle suspect suggest get rudi zipter done great deal work exposure including characterising actually booking short option positions enron equity system already working ben glisan team firming hedging program well advanced effort get people could save great deal time secondly afraid take exception references naveen team last point generally rac believe obliged explain need information except courtesy otherwise would compromise role somewhat specifically aware sensitivity raptor sensitivity information group privvy daily basis done good deal work structures see position report daily discussed vince naveen request would derived discussion rick concerning meltdown scenarios effect amongst things funding vehicles would rather conversation see slightly disparaging remarks people email traffic rgds dp original message kindall kevin sent monday march kaminski vince shanbhogue vasant cc port david subject weekly report
Subject: soma ghosh prc mid year review  tim davies has requested that i contact you regarding soma ghosh ' s prc mid  year review .  you will recall that you were asked to do a review for soma and to date this  is still outstanding . i would be grateful if you could do this at some stage  today as our review meeting will be held tomorrow .  thank you for your assistance  claire dunnett  37462,0,soma ghosh prc mid year review tim davies requested contact regarding soma ghosh prc mid year review recall asked review soma date still outstanding would grateful could stage today review meeting held tomorrow thank assistance claire dunnett
"Subject: good looking guy  hi vince .  look at this guy ( picture included ) .  he is "" lawrence "" , the guy i spoke to you about last week that you said you  wanted to see .  he asked me if he can do a phone interview . . . i think williams , ford and  sdcera are soliciting him .  if i told him you and enron are interested - he would drop the others off the  map for a chance to interview with you .  i like him too as he follows my instructions as is pleasant to work with  ( most are not ) .  do you want to chat with him ?  on your command ,  jeff wesley  always held in strict confidence .  jeff wesley  949 813 2241 hotline  347 487 8957 voice / fax us  + 44 ( 845 ) 3341644 uk  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *  - imageo 02 . jpg  - lawrenceagent 9498132241 new . doc",0,good looking guy hi vince look guy picture included lawrence guy spoke last week said wanted see asked phone interview think williams ford sdcera soliciting told enron interested would drop others map chance interview like follows instructions pleasant work want chat command jeff wesley always held strict confidence jeff wesley hotline voice fax us uk get free secure online email http www ziplip com imageo jpg lawrenceagent new doc
"Subject: fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  january 26 , 2001  vince kaminski  enron north america corp .  1400 smith street  30 th floor , rm . 3036 b  houston , tx 77251 - 1188  1 713 - 853 - 3848  dear vince kaminski ,  this is to inform you of the release of @ energy 2 . 0 . ftp download  instructions are available immediately . the download instructions are  included at the end of this email . your cd ' s and manuals will be shipped to  you within 2 weeks . please see below for more information regarding this new  release .  please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your  address above is correct by clicking reply and send . if any changes need to  be made , please make the changes above and reply .  * * warning : please note that if you did not received a license key for  @ energy after june 2000 , you will need to contact support @ fea . com or call  510 . 548 . 6200 to obtain a new license key to enable the new version . * *  * * swing users : @ energy / swing now replaces the "" swing "" product . see the  @ energy user manual for a discussion of the changes . contact fea for the  necessary license keys . you will be able to run both the new and old swing  simultaneously .  heres an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 6 :  @ energy ( forward curve )  jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ energy functions .  inputs and outputs to powercalib and comcalib have changed . see the  corresponding function syntax in the user guide for additional information .  35 - 40 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta .  @ energy ( basics )  different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you  use indexswap , exoticswap , or optindexswap with floating price linked to a  series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates  specified in the forward curve input . a new utility function , pathutil ,  allows you to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models  supported by @ energy . 25 - 30 % speed improvement .  @ energy ( advanced )  different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you  use optdiffswap or diffswap with floating price linked to a series of  futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in  the forward curve input . calspreadopt now allows for the specification of  two different mean reversion rates . 30 - 35 % speed improvement .  @ energy ( swing )  swingopt and stripswingopt now allow for valuation of swing straddle  contracts with overall load constraints . 65 - 70 % speed improvement . the  module is now out of beta .  @ energy ( weather )  30 - 35 % speed improvement .  if you have any questions please feel free to contact us . we appreciate this  opportunity to be of continuing service to enron north america corp . .  regards ,  michelle mendoza  support @ fea . com  + 1 - 510 - 548 - 6200  financial engineering associates , inc . ( fea )  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  to download @ energy 2 . 0 via ftp , follow the following instructions :  note : using explorer leads to unpredictable results , so we suggest using  netscape or a dos shell .  using netscape :  in the location box type : ftp : / / energy @ ftp . fea . com  password : 2 rbzxgv 5  energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe is for windows 95 / 98 / 2000 / nt . download and run on  a local drive .  using a dos shell :  at a dos prompt type : ftp ftp . fea . com  user : energy  password : 2 rbzxgv 5  type "" binary "" and hit ' return ' .  type "" ls "" for a list of available files .  type "" get "" energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe and and wait for the ftp > prompt .  type "" quit "" .  the file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp  site .  double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen .",0,fea announces release energy january vince kaminski enron north america corp smith street th floor rm b houston tx dear vince kaminski inform release energy ftp download instructions available immediately download instructions included end email cd manuals shipped within weeks please see information regarding new release please confirm correct recipient shipment address correct clicking reply send changes need made please make changes reply warning please note received license key energy june need contact support fea com call obtain new license key enable new version swing users energy swing replaces swing product see energy user manual discussion changes contact fea necessary license keys able run new old swing simultaneously heres overview new changed features since version energy forward curve jump parameters calibrated use energy functions inputs outputs powercalib comcalib changed see corresponding function syntax user guide additional information speed improvement module beta energy basics different interpolation schemes forward prices supported use indexswap exoticswap optindexswap floating price linked series futures dates futures dates need close dates specified forward curve input new utility function pathutil allows simulate visualize price paths consistent models supported energy speed improvement energy advanced different interpolation schemes forward prices supported use optdiffswap diffswap floating price linked series futures dates futures dates need close dates specified forward curve input calspreadopt allows specification two different mean reversion rates speed improvement energy swing swingopt stripswingopt allow valuation swing straddle contracts overall load constraints speed improvement module beta energy weather speed improvement questions please feel free contact us appreciate opportunity continuing service enron north america corp regards michelle mendoza support fea com financial engineering associates inc fea download energy via ftp follow following instructions note using explorer leads unpredictable results suggest using netscape dos shell using netscape location box type ftp energy ftp fea com password rbzxgv energy win exe windows nt download run local drive using dos shell dos prompt type ftp ftp fea com user energy password rbzxgv type binary hit return type ls list available files type get energy win exe wait ftp prompt type quit file downloaded directory entered ftp site double click exe follow instructions screen
"Subject: do not have money , get software cds from here !  software compatibility . . . . ain ' t it great ?  grow old along with me the best is yet to be .  all tradgedies are finish ' d by death . all comedies are ended by marriage .",1,money get software cds software compatibility great grow old along best yet tradgedies finish death comedies ended marriage
"Subject: email list - 100 million addresses $ 79  jane ,  here is the information you requested  your email address : webmaster @ efi . ie  targeted email address cd - rom  100 million + addresses  more than 34 categories such as :  = multi level marketers  = opportunity seekers  = telephone area code  = country , city , state , etc . .  = people running home businesses or interested in home businesses .  = travel & vacations  = opt - in  = people interested in investments  = people or businesses who spent more than $ 1000 on the web in thelast 2 months  and many more  * contains us & international emails  * everything on this disk is in text file format and fully exportable .  * the cd is as easy to use as browsing your c drive in explorer .  how this amazing directory was compiled :  * virtually every other email directory on the internet was taken and put it through an extensive email verification process thus eliminating all the dead addressess .  * special software spiders through the web searching websites , newsgroups and many other online databases with given keywords like area codes , industries , city names etc . . to find millions of fresh new addresses every week .  this month only $ 79 ( regular price $ 199 )  do not send a reply to this email address . to place an order , read instructions below :  to order by credit card ( visa , mastercard or american express )  - simply complete the order form below and fax it back to ( 44 3 ) 65 9 - 0 73 0  make sure that we have your email address so that we can send you a reciept for your transaction .  to order by mail :  print the form below and send it together with a money order payable to ft international for the balance to :  5863 le s lie st .  suite 408  t oronto , ont a rio  canada  or d e r f or m :  please print clearly  full name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  company name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  email address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ * required field  shipping address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state / province : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  shipping options : [ ] $ 5 regular mail ( 1 - 2 weeks ) [ ] $ 12 priority mail ( 2 - 4 business days ) [ ] $ 25 fedex ( overnight )  $ 79 . 00 usd + shipping charge $ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ us = total : $ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ usd  [ ] credit card order [ ] mail order  credit card orders fax this order form back to 1 - 44 3 - 6 59 - 07 3 0 )  card # : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  expiry date : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  type of card [ ] visa [ ] mastercard [ ] american express  name on card : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  billing address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ zip / postal : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state / province : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  cardholder signature : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  please note that ft i n t e rn a ti o n al will appear on your statement .  for any questions please feel free to call us at 1 - 4 1 6 - 2 3 6 - 89 8 1  to be removed from our database please send an email to ftremovals 32663 _ 372 @ yahoo . com",1,email list million addresses jane information requested email address webmaster efi ie targeted email address cd rom million addresses categories multi level marketers opportunity seekers telephone area code country city state etc people running home businesses interested home businesses travel vacations opt people interested investments people businesses spent web thelast months many contains us international emails everything disk text file format fully exportable cd easy use browsing c drive explorer amazing directory compiled virtually every email directory internet taken put extensive email verification process thus eliminating dead addressess special software spiders web searching websites newsgroups many online databases given keywords like area codes industries city names etc find millions fresh new addresses every week month regular price send reply email address place order read instructions order credit card visa mastercard american express simply complete order form fax back make sure email address send reciept transaction order mail print form send together money order payable ft international balance le lie st suite oronto ont rio canada e r f please print clearly full name company name email address required field shipping address city state province shipping options regular mail weeks priority mail business days fedex overnight usd shipping charge us total usd credit card order mail order credit card orders fax order form back card expiry date type card visa mastercard american express name card billing address zip postal city state province country cardholder signature please note ft n e rn ti n al appear statement questions please feel free call us removed database please send email ftremovals yahoo com
"Subject: re : rtp project  yes , i would be definitely interested . count me and osman also to  participate . i will forward your email to others in ees who might be  interested also .  krishna .  vince j kaminski  03 / 19 / 2001 08 : 12 am  to : john henderson / hou / ees @ ees , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : rtp project  john and krishna ,  i am sending you an outline of a conference at stanford on topics related to  demand - side pricing and management in the power markets .  please , let me know if you are personally interested and who else  in your respective organizations would like to attend .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001  08 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  hill huntington on 03 / 15 / 2001 05 : 26 : 55 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : rtp project  vince ,  targetted conference date is th - f june 21 - 22 at stanford . enclosed in the  recent revision to what i sent before .  great to meet you ,  hill  - retail notes . rtf  hillard g . huntington  emf - an international forum on  energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050  408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362  stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu  stanford , ca 94305 - 4026  emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf /",0,rtp project yes would definitely interested count osman also participate forward email others ees might interested also krishna vince j kaminski john henderson hou ees ees pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject rtp project john krishna sending outline conference stanford topics related demand side pricing management power markets please let know personally interested else respective organizations would like attend vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect hill huntington pm vkamins enron com cc subject rtp project vince targetted conference date th f june stanford enclosed recent revision sent great meet hill retail notes rtf hillard g huntington emf international forum energy environmental markets voice terman center fax stanford university email hillh stanford edu stanford ca emf website http www stanford edu group emf
"Subject: re : eprm articles  chris ,  thanks for the invitation . the evening of july the 18 th is fine with me .  the list looks fine and it can be easily expanded , if the first set of  articles is well received . i shall prepare a list of topics that occupy us  every day and that we could write about without revealing the details of our  proprietary research .  please , feel free to send the message from lacima . i think that it ' s better  for us to sign the articles with our names , giving our respective  affiliations . in this way , enron gets the credit , but not the liability if  there is any error in an article .  hope to see you soon .  vince",0,eprm articles chris thanks invitation evening july th fine list looks fine easily expanded first set articles well received shall prepare list topics occupy us every day could write without revealing details proprietary research please feel free send message lacima think better us sign articles names giving respective affiliations way enron gets credit liability error article hope see soon vince
"Subject: allocation schedule  shirley ,  will you check with vince on the support schedule for me ? i need to get the  support to the bus in order to get them to agree on the 2001 billing . if you  have any questions , call me . thanx .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by becky pham / hou / ect on 01 / 16 / 2001 01 : 49 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  becky pham  01 / 02 / 2001 11 : 12 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : allocation schedule  we spoke prior to the holiday and you were working on a list on support names  and projects that research is working on for various bus . can you tell me  how you are doing on that ? sarah brown , my manager , had a meeting with corp  and they are disputing the billing we are proposing to bill to them ( $ 1 . 9 m ) .  their argument is that they are going to bill ena back anyway ; therefore ,  they have agreed to take 40 % of the amount we intented to bill them in 2001 ,  which is approximately $ 760 k . if you have any questions , please call . thanx .",0,allocation schedule shirley check vince support schedule need get support bus order get agree billing questions call thanx forwarded becky pham hou ect pm becky pham vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject allocation schedule spoke prior holiday working list support names projects research working various bus tell sarah brown manager meeting corp disputing billing proposing bill argument going bill ena back anyway therefore agreed take amount intented bill approximately k questions please call thanx
"Subject: here ' s a 4 th try ! ! !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard b jones / hou / ees on 02 / 01 / 2001  10 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  richard b jones  01 / 31 / 2001 04 : 39 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : here ' s a third try ! ! !  vince ,  while i was at hsb , i designed an insurance or reinsurance financial model  that hsb uses for new product development , pricing different reinsurance  strategies , computing stochastic earnings forecast , and estimating  probabilistic maintenance & repair costs . the code , written in visual basic &  ms access belongs to hsb , and i want to replicate it here for our use at  enron . i would like to arrange a time to specifically talk to you and perhaps  vasant who was briefed on the model , about how we can use your group for the  analytical and programming support to get this model re - constructed .  i have screen outputs from the code and vasant thought the re - design and  construction here at enron is a problem that your group can do . could you let  me know when we can setup an hour to discuss ?  thanks ,  rick jones",0,th try forwarded richard b jones hou ees richard b jones pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject third try vince hsb designed insurance reinsurance financial model hsb uses new product development pricing different reinsurance strategies computing stochastic earnings forecast estimating probabilistic maintenance repair costs code written visual basic ms access belongs hsb want replicate use enron would like arrange time specifically talk perhaps vasant briefed model use group analytical programming support get model constructed screen outputs code vasant thought design construction enron problem group could let know setup hour discuss thanks rick jones
"Subject: new project  vasant ,  vince and i spoke with gary hickerson and michelle cisneros about the  consultant ' s power plant model this afternoon . we will take their model ' s  interface and recode the calculation engine , incorporating useful insights  from the consultant . it help will be available  via gary ' s group . so i will spend the next 4 weeks working on this .  alex",0,new project vasant vince spoke gary hickerson michelle cisneros consultant power plant model afternoon take model interface recode calculation engine incorporating useful insights consultant help available via gary group spend next weeks working alex
"Subject: re : credit rating contact ?  kim ,  i spoke with bill bradford , vp in enron ' s credit department , and he offered  to field your questions regarding credit . he will be in the office this  week . you can call him at 713 - 853 - 3831 .  regarding nymex traders , what kind of trader are you interested in ? larry  gagliardi trades nymex crude products . let me know if you need his number  again , or if you think someone else would be more helpful .  good luck  ken  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  we are still interested in talking to someone in the risk assessment group  about credit rating systems .  could you get us the name of the contact who trades directly with nymex ?",0,credit rating contact kim spoke bill bradford vp enron credit department offered field questions regarding credit office week call regarding nymex traders kind trader interested larry gagliardi trades nymex crude products let know need number think someone else would helpful good luck ken still interested talking someone risk assessment group credit rating systems could get us name contact trades directly nymex
"Subject: i never sent you this - keep it hush hush ! : ) xgab  online credit breakthroughrepair your credit online ! 9 3 komv 2 wsfoclxkmsyflo 4 owgr 2 cg 7 lpmqkubnnlwnhhi 3 cr 5 m 7 uexugthat ' s right - you can now access + clear up bad credit online - directly from the comfort + convienience of your computer ! watch your credit daily , with real time updates get the information you need quickly and efficently to remove negative credit items from your report ! click here for more informationthank you - the web credit ( tm ) team ! 9 3 komv 2 wsfoclxkmsyflo 4 owgr 2 cg 7 lpmqkubnnlwnhhi 3 cr 5 m 7 uexug",1,never sent keep hush hush xgab online credit breakthroughrepair credit online komv wsfoclxkmsyflo owgr cg lpmqkubnnlwnhhi cr uexugthat right access clear bad credit online directly comfort convienience computer watch credit daily real time updates get information need quickly efficently remove negative credit items report click informationthank web credit tm team komv wsfoclxkmsyflo owgr cg lpmqkubnnlwnhhi cr uexug
"Subject: re : wharton dinner 1 / 18 / 01  jennifer ,  thanks for your note ! as these trip details get more formalized , i ' ll keep  yopu copied . for now , know that there are approximately 18 wharton students  participating in 3 research projects - - enron proposed topics - - called the  "" tiger program "" . they ' ll be visiting enron , arriving houston thursday the  18 th , dinner at churrasco ' s ( their choice ) on the 18 th , enron meetings on the  19 th .  as the details unfold , i ' ll keep you and jeff copied .  thanks !  - - christie .",0,wharton dinner jennifer thanks note trip details get formalized keep yopu copied know approximately wharton students participating research projects enron proposed topics called tiger program visiting enron arriving houston thursday th dinner churrasco choice th enron meetings th details unfold keep jeff copied thanks christie
"Subject: any med for your girl to be happy !  your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men !  click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shippinq and quaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse !  the store is verlfied by bbb and approved by visa ! ",1,med girl happy girl unsatisfied potency wait finds another men click choose great variety llcensed love bs best pri es fast shippinq quaranteed effect buy riqht warehouse store verlfied bbb approved visa
"Subject: request submitted : access request ( scrw - 4 n 9 s 2 f )  fyi !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000  01 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  information risk management  08 / 16 / 2000 03 : 34 pm  sent by : shirley crenshaw  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : request submitted : access request ( scrw - 4 n 9 s 2 f )  thank you for your request .  you will be notified via email when your request has been processed . you can  check the progress of your request by doing one of the following :  in the srrs application , click on requests i have made . a listing of recent  requests will be appear sorted by resource name .  click on the request link below . this is a link to information regarding your  request .  below is a summary of your request .  requested for : vince j kaminski / hou / ect  request date : 8 / 16 / 2000 3 : 32 : 19 pm  request type : update access  request link :  requested resources  comet  grms ( global risk management system )  unlisted application / software  if you have any questions , please contact information risk management at 35536",0,request submitted access request scrw n f fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm information risk management pm sent shirley crenshaw shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject request submitted access request scrw n f thank request notified via email request processed check progress request one following srrs application click requests made listing recent requests appear sorted resource name click request link link information regarding request summary request requested vince j kaminski hou ect request date pm request type update access request link requested resources comet grms global risk management system unlisted application software questions please contact information risk management
"Subject: henwood & psim  stinson / vince ,  the henwood runs for dabhol are , at least temporarily , over . however , the  main modeller for henwood ( david yumigada ) works out of their california  office .  it maybe worth our while to have him come and demonstrate the runs , and  explain the modelling algorithm to the larger group .  in aparticular , now that i am going through some of the comments people have  raised on the psim model , i think there is value in understanding the way  henwood deals with hot and cold starts , ramp up costs , and with issues of  cycling plants .  i think understanding these will help in developing the next version of the  psim , and will also give the group here ideas to build into existing models .  this is a suggestion , and so please let me know if you see value in this .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,henwood psim stinson vince henwood runs dabhol least temporarily however main modeller henwood david yumigada works california office maybe worth come demonstrate runs explain modelling algorithm larger group aparticular going comments people raised psim model think value understanding way henwood deals hot cold starts ramp costs issues cycling plants think understanding help developing next version psim also give group ideas build existing models suggestion please let know see value regards sandeep
"Subject: re : sfa individual registrations  hi julie ,  it is so nice to hear from you . i have had several conversations with  the houston compliance people regarding how to keep my sfa licenses current .  as per your request , i will respond to your questions in your email :  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : russell , julie  sent : friday , april 06 , 2001 10 : 19 am  to : mack , iris  subject : sfa individual registrations  iris  your mails regarding sfa registration finally made their way to me , as i look  after all enron ' s individual registrations with the sfa .  at present , we are able to register overseas based individuals , although this  may change towards the end of the year when the fsa takes over from the sfa  as lead regulator in the uk .  i am sort of overseas . however i will be spending some time in the london  office ( which is another reason why i don ' t want to lose my sfa  designations ) . as a matter of fact , i will be coming to london office in a  week or two - and staying there for a while .  there is still a lot of uncertainty surrounding how the fsa will implement  individual registrations , but it has stated that anyone registered with the  sfa at the point at which the fsa takes over , will be automatically  ' grandfathered ' across to the new regulator . time will tell , what will  happen thereafter .  what we need to do as far as your registration is concerned , is to submit a  transfer form to the sfa to move your registration to enron . i shall put a  form in the mail to you ( please let me know where to send it ) for signature  and update of personal details .  my enron office address in houston is as follows :  iris mack  research department  1400 smith street , 1972 d  houston , texas 77002 usa  as we have to submit the form to the sfa with original signatures , please  return it to me at enron house and i can get it authorised by our sfa  compliance officer , jonathan marsh . i will then inform you when i receive  confirmation of your acc  could you respond to the following by return e - mail ;  name of the sfa regulated firm where you were last registered ;  banque nationale de paris paribas at 10 harewood avenue in london  date ( approximation ) when you left the above ;  august 2000  type of registration you held - please note we can only register you in the  following registers ; general representative , futures and options  representative , securities representative or corporate finance representative  i passed three exams : derivatives , securities and regulations  the final question is whether you are going to be based in houston  permanently or whether you know at this stage if / when you will be returning  to the uk .  right now i will be spending time in both houston and london . see above  explanation .  hopefully i have answered all your questions . please let me know if you  require additional information .  kind regards ,  iris  look forward to hearing from you  best regards  julie  julie russell  compliance and regulatory",0,sfa individual registrations hi julie nice hear several conversations houston compliance people regarding keep sfa licenses current per request respond questions email original message russell julie sent friday april mack iris subject sfa individual registrations iris mails regarding sfa registration finally made way look enron individual registrations sfa present able register overseas based individuals although may change towards end year fsa takes sfa lead regulator uk sort overseas however spending time london office another reason want lose sfa designations matter fact coming london office week two staying still lot uncertainty surrounding fsa implement individual registrations stated anyone registered sfa point fsa takes automatically grandfathered across new regulator time tell happen thereafter need far registration concerned submit transfer form sfa move registration enron shall put form mail please let know send signature update personal details enron office address houston follows iris mack research department smith street houston texas usa submit form sfa original signatures please return enron house get authorised sfa compliance officer jonathan marsh inform receive confirmation acc could respond following return e mail name sfa regulated firm last registered banque nationale de paris paribas harewood avenue london date approximation left august type registration held please note register following registers general representative futures options representative securities representative corporate finance representative passed three exams derivatives securities regulations final question whether going based houston permanently whether know stage returning uk right spending time houston london see explanation hopefully answered questions please let know require additional information kind regards iris look forward hearing best regards julie julie russell compliance regulatory
"Subject: revised budget allocations  please disregard the previous allocations , because i forgot enroncredit . com !  here goes :  rac 20 %  uk power 15 %  uk gas 5 %  continental power 15 %  continental gas 3 %  global products 7 %  ebs 10 %  ees 10 %  enroncredit . com 15 %  that should do it .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 08 / 24 / 2000  10 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  steven leppard  08 / 24 / 2000 10 : 46 am  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  subject : budget  hi dale  following discussions with vince , grant and stinson , we ' ve drawn up the  proposed budget . we ' re working on the basis that research group headcount  will grow to 8 in the near future .  business trips us : 8  business trips europe : 10  computer software and licences : gbp 10 , 000  office postage : gbp 350  employee recruitment fees : gbp 30 , 000 ( = 3 x 20 % x gbp 50 , 000 )  professional subscriptions and memberships and books : gbp 15 , 000  training courses : gbp 16 , 000 ( = 8 x gbp 2 , 000 )  conferences : gbp 8 , 000 ( = 4 x gbp 2 , 000 )  mobile phones : gbp 1 , 500 ( = 3 x gbp 500 = me + 2 floaters )  hardware : gbp 10 , 000 ( = laptops , workstations )  suggested allocation as follows . . .  rac 20 %  uk power 20 %  uk gas 5 %  continental power 20 %  continental gas 5 %  global products 10 %  ebs 10 %  ees 10 %  . . . unless you ' ve got any other views on this one ( i ' m happy to take advice  here ) .  vince has said you can give him a call if you want to discuss any of these  points further , but i ' m happy to field initial queries ( i ' ll have to get used  to it ! ) .  cheers ,  steve",0,revised budget allocations please disregard previous allocations forgot enroncredit com goes rac uk power uk gas continental power continental gas global products ebs ees enroncredit com forwarded steven leppard lon ect steven leppard dale surbey lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect steven leppard lon ect ect subject budget hi dale following discussions vince grant stinson drawn proposed budget working basis research group headcount grow near future business trips us business trips europe computer software licences gbp office postage gbp employee recruitment fees gbp x x gbp professional subscriptions memberships books gbp training courses gbp x gbp conferences gbp x gbp mobile phones gbp x gbp floaters hardware gbp laptops workstations suggested allocation follows rac uk power uk gas continental power continental gas global products ebs ees unless got views one happy take advice vince said give call want discuss points happy field initial queries get used cheers steve
"Subject: re : support for exotica  steve ,  i have to draft an announcement and send it to john sheriff . i shall do it  this weekend .  vince  steven leppard  10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 27 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : support for exotica  hi vince  good luck calling anjam . he never seems to answer his mobile when sharad  calls him to track him down . furthermore he ' s off work until tuesday .  i ' ve had tani ask me what ' s happened to the announcement about my new  appointment . any progress there ?  cheers ,  steve  vince j kaminski  13 / 10 / 2000 14 : 44  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : support for exotica  steve ,  i am calling anjam to give him a deadline regarding move to houston .  if he decides to stay in houston , you should meet with him to convey  the concerns regarding his performance .  vince  steven leppard  10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 50 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , dale  surbey / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect  cc : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect , zimin  lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : support for exotica  all  sharad ' s investigations of exotica ' s status in london have turned up a very  confused state of affairs . this isn ' t being helped by the fact that :  1 . anjam is rarely at his desk , and can ' t be found anywhere in the building .  2 . when he is around he isn ' t willing or able to provide all the information  sharad might need to support exotica .  this is worrying since much of our business depends on the validity of  exotica ' s valuations .  sharad will now request information from anjam via email to leave a trail ,  and i want to alert you to the fact that sharad will be cc ' ing you in on  these emails .  if things don ' t improve soon , i may need to request some assistance in  extracting this information from anjam .  many thanks ,  steve",0,support exotica steve draft announcement send john sheriff shall weekend vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject support exotica hi vince good luck calling anjam never seems answer mobile sharad calls track furthermore work tuesday tani ask happened announcement new appointment progress cheers steve vince j kaminski steven leppard lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject support exotica steve calling anjam give deadline regarding move houston decides stay houston meet convey concerns regarding performance vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect tani nath lon ect ect cc paulo issler hou ect ect sharad agnihotri lon ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect subject support exotica sharad investigations exotica status london turned confused state affairs helped fact anjam rarely desk found anywhere building around willing able provide information sharad might need support exotica worrying since much business depends validity exotica valuations sharad request information anjam via email leave trail want alert fact sharad cc ing emails things improve soon may need request assistance extracting information anjam many thanks steve
"Subject: mit phone interview - zachary inman  jim coffey , vince kaminski , mark palmer and james scribner ,  thank you all for taking time out of your busy schedules to conduct the  following interviews . included is the itinerary for each of your phone  interviews with zachary inman from mit .  you may reach zach at 617 - 577 - 1565 .  vince kaminski - please call zach at 7 : 30 am . this will be 8 : 30 am zach ' s  time .  mark palmer - please call zach at 10 : 30 am . this will be 11 : 30 am  zach ' s time  james scribner - please call zach at 11 : 30 am . this will be 12 : 30 pm  zach ' s time .  jim coffey - please call zach at 1 : 30 pm . this will be 2 : 30 pm zach ' s  time .  the four phone interviews will determine if we are going to invite zach to  our december 8 th and 9 th analyst super saturday .  i will send you a packet with all the pertinent details that you will need  to conduct the 30 - minute phone interview . the packet will contain his resume  and an evaluation form , which structures the format of your interview . if  you have any questions please feel free to give me a call .  please interoffice the evaluation form , once you have completed the  interview , to ebl 167 . it is important that i receive this evaluation  promptly .  if there are any changes , due to the unforeseen , i will call you prior to the  scheduled interviews .  thanks so much for your help !  beth miertschin  recruiter  ext . 30322  shawna johnson  recruiting coordinator  ext . 58369",0,mit phone interview zachary inman jim coffey vince kaminski mark palmer james scribner thank taking time busy schedules conduct following interviews included itinerary phone interviews zachary inman mit may reach zach vince kaminski please call zach zach time mark palmer please call zach zach time james scribner please call zach pm zach time jim coffey please call zach pm pm zach time four phone interviews determine going invite zach december th th analyst super saturday send packet pertinent details need conduct minute phone interview packet contain resume evaluation form structures format interview questions please feel free give call please interoffice evaluation form completed interview ebl important receive evaluation promptly changes due unforeseen call prior scheduled interviews thanks much help beth miertschin recruiter ext shawna johnson recruiting coordinator ext
"Subject: re : enron case study  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : cindy . derecskey @ enron . com [ mailto : cindy . derecskey @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , october 25 , 2000 11 : 23 am  to : j _ martin @ baylor . edu  cc : christie . patrick @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : enron case study  importance : high  good morning mr . martin ,  i would like to introduce myself . i currently work with christie patrick  and michael b rosen in the enron university affairs department .  in recent discussions with christie , she has suggested that i liaise with  you and our management in preparation for your and vince kaminski ' s case  study . christie has forwarded recent emails sent by you suggesting a few  convenient times that work with your schedule . i will work with our  management and do my best to schedule one hour time slots for interviews  that fit with your outline .  initially , i will schedule interviews with : ken lay - chairman and ceo ,  jeff skilling - president and coo , and andy fastow - cfo . if you feel that  you may need to speak with additional management , we will definitely try to  work something out the same day , so you don ' t have to travel back here . i  will forward your project outline to the aforementioned participants once  the interviews are scheduled . do you anticipate drafting specific  questions ? if so , i would greatly appreciate a copy when convenient .  i greatly look forward to working with you and i hope that we can touch  base very soon .  regards ,  cindy derecskey  enron university affairs  ( 713 ) 853 - 5670",0,enron case study original message cindy derecskey enron com mailto cindy derecskey enron com sent wednesday october j martin baylor edu cc christie patrick enron com vince j kaminski enron com subject enron case study importance high good morning mr martin would like introduce currently work christie patrick michael b rosen enron university affairs department recent discussions christie suggested liaise management preparation vince kaminski case study christie forwarded recent emails sent suggesting convenient times work schedule work management best schedule one hour time slots interviews fit outline initially schedule interviews ken lay chairman ceo jeff skilling president coo andy fastow cfo feel may need speak additional management definitely try work something day travel back forward project outline aforementioned participants interviews scheduled anticipate drafting specific questions would greatly appreciate copy convenient greatly look forward working hope touch base soon regards cindy derecskey enron university affairs
Subject: strategic management society conference  our proposal was accepted . dust off your san francisco shoes .  rita mcgrath - the designer of our particular panel - will forward details  when they are sent to her by sms,0,strategic management society conference proposal accepted dust san francisco shoes rita mcgrath designer particular panel forward details sent sms
"Subject: adaptive trade  vince , zimin ,  i participated in a telephone conference on this company this morning . there  was a possibility enron would invest in it .  their product appears to be a gui interface over the top of ilog solver ( and  possibly ilog cplex ) which allows problems to be expressed in high level  terms . i do not see any immediate application at enron , but i am interested  in the concepts used so expressed an interest in a demo . maybe it would be  useful for general modelling projects here .  they do not even have a user manual for their software , so it will be  difficult to figure out what it does unless a demo is arranged . the  possibility for growth in the company seems small as the ilog software is a  modest size market and their product is aimed at only a small part of that  market . i think the scheduling tools in sap , i 2 , etc are more likely to  succeed than this one as they are already integrated into an information  system .  because of the small market for this software , the many competitors , the  absence of any clear use for it at enron and the early stage of development ,  there is very little prospect of us funding this company .  tom",0,adaptive trade vince zimin participated telephone conference company morning possibility enron would invest product appears gui interface top ilog solver possibly ilog cplex allows problems expressed high level terms see immediate application enron interested concepts used expressed interest demo maybe would useful general modelling projects even user manual software difficult figure unless demo arranged possibility growth company seems small ilog software modest size market product aimed small part market think scheduling tools sap etc likely succeed one already integrated information system small market software many competitors absence clear use enron early stage development little prospect us funding company tom
"Subject: re : vacation  shirley ,  no problem . please , coordinate with kevin and anita .  vince  shirley crenshaw  09 / 06 / 2000 03 : 30 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : vacation  vince :  i would like to take next wednesday , the 13 th as a vacation day , if it is  alright . you will not be here .  thanks !  shirley",0,vacation shirley problem please coordinate kevin anita vince shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject vacation vince would like take next wednesday th vacation day alright thanks shirley
"Subject: atft . pk has announced the acquisition between atft and first pet life .  pink sheets : atft . pk has announded the acquisition  between atft and first pet life . the transactjion will  be non - diluted to current shareholders .  about first pet life :  atft offers coverage at an afforable level that will safely and securely help aviod the worried of unexpected vet bills . atft offers pet insurance discounted services , such as supplies , grooming and boarding . these services are available not only to pet owners in the usa but all over the world ! ! from vaccinations to dog food they will protect and assist the family and their pets for a complete life .  atft looks forward to giving pet owners all over the world the opportunity and the ability to afford coverage for their pets and will strive to become a valuable part of you family and protection for your pet ' s life and well being .  press release  american television and film company in talks with first pet life  thursday june 9 , 8 : 00 am et  dallas - - ( business wire ) - - june 9 , 2005 - - american television and film company ( pink sheets : atft - news ) announced today that it is in talks with first pet life about the possible acquisition of first pet life . no further details are available at this time .  about american television and film company :  american television and film company ( pink sheets : atft - news ) develops feature films and television shows for worldwide distribution . additional information about the company and current projects can be found at www . americantvandfilm . com .  about first pet life :  first pet life offers many discounted services including insurance , pet supplies , boarding , and grooming . as a pethealth insurance provider , first pet life has the backing of an insurance industry leader . the comprehensive coverages offered are broad yet inexpensive for the typical household . additional information is available at www . firstpetlife . com .  disclaimer :  matters discussed in this press release are "" forward - looking statements . "" statements describing objectives or goals or the company ' s future plans are also forward - looking statements and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , including the financial performance of the company and market valuations of its stock , which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated .  source : american television film  safe harbor statement  this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . reveal marketing , llc is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . reveal marketing , llc assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in atft ' s financial or operating condition . as reveal marketing , llc has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . reveal marketing , llc accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . atft will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . expedite has been paid in the amount of fifteen thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . . reveal marketing , llc and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words "" may , "" "" would , "" "" will , "" "" expect , "" "" estimate , "" "" anticipate , "" "" believe , "" "" intend , "" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein .  reveal marketing 3521 oak lawn ave . , ste . 405 dallas , tx 75219 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,atft pk announced acquisition atft first pet life pink sheets atft pk announded acquisition atft first pet life transactjion non diluted current shareholders first pet life atft offers coverage afforable level safely securely help aviod worried unexpected vet bills atft offers pet insurance discounted services supplies grooming boarding services available pet owners usa world vaccinations dog food protect assist family pets complete life atft looks forward giving pet owners world opportunity ability afford coverage pets strive become valuable part family protection pet life well press release american television film company talks first pet life thursday june et dallas business wire june american television film company pink sheets atft news announced today talks first pet life possible acquisition first pet life details available time american television film company american television film company pink sheets atft news develops feature films television shows worldwide distribution additional information company current projects found www americantvandfilm com first pet life first pet life offers many discounted services including insurance pet supplies boarding grooming pethealth insurance provider first pet life backing insurance industry leader comprehensive coverages offered broad yet inexpensive typical household additional information available www firstpetlife com disclaimer matters discussed press release forward looking statements statements describing objectives goals company future plans also forward looking statements subject certain risks uncertainties including financial performance company market valuations stock could cause actual results differ materially anticipated source american television film safe harbor statement report informational purposes neither solicitation buy offer sell securities investment low priced small micro cap stocks considered extremely speculative may result loss investment made companies reveal marketing llc registered investment advisor broker dealer information opinions analysis contained herein based sources believed reliable representation expressed implied made accuracy completeness correctness opinions contained herein reflect current judgment subject change without notice reveal marketing llc assumes responsibility updating information contained herein regardless change atft financial operating condition reveal marketing llc received compensation report benefit increase share price advertised company inherent conflict interest statements opinions reveal marketing llc accepts liability losses arising investor reliance use report atft require additional capital realize business plan continue going concern expedite paid amount fifteen thousand dollars transmission message reveal marketing llc affiliates officers may buy hold sell common shares mentioned companies open market private transactions time without notice certain information included herein forward looking within context private securities litigation reform act including limited statements concerning manufacturing marketing growth expansion words may would expect estimate anticipate believe intend similar expressions variations thereof intended identify forward looking statements forward looking information involves important risks uncertainties could affect actual results cause differ materially expectations expressed herein reveal marketing oak lawn ave ste dallas tx e mail message advertisement solicitation
Subject: meeting during energy expo  this will confirm our meeting at your office on 16 th of march 2000  at 8 am .  we will be at the energy expo booth nbr . 931 on the 14 th  - 16 th  and staying at the allen park inn on allen parkway if you need to  reach us .  liam leahy  for  dr . robert e . brooks  direct line ( 323 ) 913 - 3355  main line ( 323 ) 663 - 4831  http : / / gpcm . rbac . com /  - attl . htm,0,meeting energy expo confirm meeting office th march energy expo booth nbr th th staying allen park inn allen parkway need reach us liam leahy dr robert e brooks direct line main line http gpcm rbac com attl htm
"Subject: viagra helps you have great sex !  having problems in bed ? we can help !  a suspicious mind always looks on the black side of things .  in order to succeed , we must first believe that we can .  well behaved women seldom make history .  most conversations are simply monologues delivered in the presence of witnesses .",1,viagra helps great sex problems bed help suspicious mind always looks black side things order succeed must first believe well behaved women seldom make history conversations simply monologues delivered presence witnesses
"Subject: our goood medz  hello , welcome to pharm urinary zonline s vaticinate hop  - one of th mausoleum e ieading oniine pharmace clever uticai shops  v susceptive l  sparing gr  bereavement l  adoration lu  contort a  tarmac acl permeability a  audibility isv timeserving al  involute m  andmanyother .  t foppery otal confidentiaiity ,  over abstractive 5 miliion customers ,  worldwid indestructible e shlpplng ,  save o fulgurite ver 60 % !  have fustigate a nice day !",1,goood medz hello welcome pharm urinary zonline vaticinate hop one th mausoleum e ieading oniine pharmace clever uticai shops v susceptive l sparing gr bereavement l adoration lu contort tarmac acl permeability audibility isv timeserving al involute andmanyother foppery otal confidentiaiity abstractive miliion customers worldwid indestructible e shlpplng save fulgurite ver fustigate nice day
"Subject: maureen raymoin ' ds review  norma ,  maureen raymond refuses to sign her review . can you , please , join us  tomorrow to discuss it . i have a time slot available at 2 : 00 but i can  reorganize my schedule  to accommodate you .  vince",0,maureen raymoin ds review norma maureen raymond refuses sign review please join us tomorrow discuss time slot available reorganize schedule accommodate vince
"Subject: friday brown bag for options pricing  hello , researchers :  this friday we have paulo issler speaking on "" implied trees and edgworth  binomial trees "" .  time : 12 noon , may 26 ; place : 19 c 2 .  the brown bag series has been a success thanks to your participation . hope to  see you again this friday .  zimin ,  alex .",0,friday brown bag options pricing hello researchers friday paulo issler speaking implied trees edgworth binomial trees time noon may place c brown bag series success thanks participation hope see friday zimin alex
"Subject: technical analysis  more fallout  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 26 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : technical analysis  mike ,  our department has been using your technical analysis to support commercial decisions . you stated that these services would be discontinued . we opted to use your technical analysis in lieu of outside services . please continue to provide technical analysis data with regard to natural gas ( candlestick and elliot wave ) .  lee ferrell  director , risk management and reporting  ets",0,technical analysis fallout forwarded mike roberts hou ect pm lee ferrell enron enronxgate pm mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject technical analysis mike department using technical analysis support commercial decisions stated services would discontinued opted use technical analysis lieu outside services please continue provide technical analysis data regard natural gas candlestick elliot wave lee ferrell director risk management reporting ets
Subject: doreen  v -  i spoke with doreen this morning re : our san francisco project . please  forward info to her at  doreen @ magdalinweiss . com  are you up fro brunch at my house on sunday with bill and mary ? kathryn will  be home on midterm break  p -,0,doreen v spoke doreen morning san francisco project please forward info doreen magdalinweiss com fro brunch house sunday bill mary kathryn home midterm break p
"Subject: re : your visit with vince kaminski - enron corp . research  dear mr . fujita :  professor kaminski will be delighted to have dinner with you and your  colleague mr . yamada . i have put you on his calendar at 3 : 00 pm . with  dinner to follow in early evening .  please let me know if you would like me to make dinner reservations  for you .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research group  713 / 853 - 5290  masayuki fujita on 04 / 04 / 2000 11 : 07 : 19 am  to : shirley crenshaw  cc :  subject : re : your visit with vince kaminski - enron corp . research  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  research group  enron corp  dear ms . crenshaw ,  i am very glad to see professor kaminski let me meet with him . i offer to  visit you around 3 p . m . on 17 th monday . i wonder if we can invite him for a  dinner that night because my colleague mr . yamada who also wishes to meet  with him will attend a risk publication ' s seminar up to 5 p . m . on that day .  please let professor kaminski know we understand this offer may affect on  his private time and we do not insist on it . i am very much looking forward  to seeing him .  best regards ,  masayuki fujita  principal financial engineer  financial technologies section  mitsubishi research institute , inc .  3 - 6 otemachi 2 - chome , chiyoda - ku  tokyo 100 - 8141  japan  tel + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0582  fax + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0521",0,visit vince kaminski enron corp research dear mr fujita professor kaminski delighted dinner colleague mr yamada put calendar pm dinner follow early evening please let know would like make dinner reservations sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research group masayuki fujita shirley crenshaw cc subject visit vince kaminski enron corp research shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator research group enron corp dear ms crenshaw glad see professor kaminski let meet offer visit around p th monday wonder invite dinner night colleague mr yamada also wishes meet attend risk publication seminar p day please let professor kaminski know understand offer may affect private time insist much looking forward seeing best regards masayuki fujita principal financial engineer financial technologies section mitsubishi research institute inc otemachi chome chiyoda ku tokyo japan tel fax
"Subject: energy & power risk management 2001  dear vince ,  i would like to confirm the invitation for you to participate at our annual  congress in houston . following our conversation , i would be most interested  in including a presentation on ' modeling price volatility in us power  markets ' in the pricing , hedging & trading stream on the 14 th may , 2001 .  i am keen to confirm each speaker and session by the end of next week , which  will then allow time to work with each presenter on titles and points that  will provide an accurate summary for the session .  if you have any overall views or suggestions regarding the conference feel  free to email me at pbristow @ riskwaters . com or call me on 212 925 6990 ,  extn . 225 . i look forward to confirming your participation at energy & power  risk management 2001 . important : due to system problems i am using another  system . please do not reply to this email . please reply to the address given  above .  yours sincerely ,  paul bristow  manager of conferences , usa  risk waters group  - spktemp 2 . doc",0,energy power risk management dear vince would like confirm invitation participate annual congress houston following conversation would interested including presentation modeling price volatility us power markets pricing hedging trading stream th may keen confirm speaker session end next week allow time work presenter titles points provide accurate summary session overall views suggestions regarding conference feel free email pbristow riskwaters com call extn look forward confirming participation energy power risk management important due system problems using another system please reply email please reply address given sincerely paul bristow manager conferences usa risk waters group spktemp doc
"Subject: re : 1 . your thur . / fri . austin trip ; 2 . presentation of my  risk - management optimization model ; 3 . enron on - line  ehud ,  sorry i shall miss you on thursday .  i shall definitely attend you presentation at power 2000 .  i shall ask about a guest accounton eol . typically , such an account allows  an outside user to take a look at the system , but i don ' t think the traders  will allow  systematic access to the price data over a long period of time by a third  party .  vince  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 05 / 01 / 2000 05 : 54 : 50 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : 1 . your thur . / fri . austin trip ; 2 . presentation of my  risk - management optimization model ; 3 . enron on - line  vince ,  greetings .  i am following up at this time with respect to the above issues we  discussed in san antonio .  1 . i am leaving thur . morn for philadelphia , and shall not be back until  late fri . ( my etd is 9 : 40 a . m . , which i understand is less than an hour  before your arrival . . . ) thus i shall regrettably miss your current ut  visit , which we had hoped to also use as an opportunity to present / discuss  my enterprise - wide risk management model .  2 . that said , i shall be presenting an abridged version of this model at  power 2000 ' s first day , 5 / 9 4 : 15 - 4 : 55 p . m . while i realize you ' ll be  very busy over power 2000 ' s two days , should your schedule permit , i should  most welcome the opportunity for you to see the model .  3 . per your suggestion in san antonio , i would like to take this  opportunity to inquire whether i might obtain an enron on - line account to  obtain electricity prices quoted by enron .  i look forward to seeing you at power 2000 . best regards ,  ehud  ehud i . ronn  department of finance  college and graduate school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,thur fri austin trip presentation risk management optimization model enron line ehud sorry shall miss thursday shall definitely attend presentation power shall ask guest accounton eol typically account allows outside user take look system think traders allow systematic access price data long period time third party vince ehud ronn pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject thur fri austin trip presentation risk management optimization model enron line vince greetings following time respect issues discussed san antonio leaving thur morn philadelphia shall back late fri etd understand less hour arrival thus shall regrettably miss current ut visit hoped also use opportunity present discuss enterprise wide risk management model said shall presenting abridged version model power first day p realize busy power two days schedule permit welcome opportunity see model per suggestion san antonio would like take opportunity inquire whether might obtain enron line account obtain electricity prices quoted enron look forward seeing power best regards ehud ehud ronn department finance college graduate school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: make your rivals envy  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding website  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your  company will automaticaliy become a worid ieader : it isquite clear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,make rivals envy lt really hard recollect company market full sugqestions information isoverwheiminq good catchy logo styllsh stationery outstanding website wili make task much easier promise ordered iogo company automaticaliy become worid ieader isquite clear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: your order # 5056  shopping for a loan  has never been easier  get a free quote on a new first  mortgage , second mortgage , or a credit line with no cost or obligation .  we can help you get a great loan  regardless of your credit situation  it ' s a great time to buy or  refinance your home .  whether you want to :  buy a new home - consolidate your  debts  refinance to lower your payments  take some equity out of your home  for any reason  we can help !  click here and get a free quote !  you have nothing to lose !  to not receive this  email again click here ",1,order shopping loan never easier get free quote new first mortgage second mortgage credit line cost obligation help get great loan regardless credit situation great time buy refinance home whether want buy new home consolidate debts refinance lower payments take equity home reason help click get free quote nothing lose receive email click
"Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender  this message was created automatically by mail delivery software .  a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its  recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed :  save to inbox  generated by kremp - gbr @ 01019 freenet . de  mailbox is full : retry timeout exceeded  - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - -  return - path :  received : from [ 194 . 97 . 50 . 136 ] ( helo = mx 3 . freenet . de )  by mbox 60 . freenet . de with esmtpa ( id exim ) ( exim 4 . 52 # 5 )  id lduppd - 00076 l - ja  for kremp - gbr @ 01019 freenet . de ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 47 + 0200  received : from pll 269 . nas 925 . te - fukuoka . nttpc . ne . jp ( [ 219 . 102 . 66 . 245 ] helo = mailwisconsin . com )  by mx 3 . freenet . de with smtp ( exim 4 . 52 # 3 )  id lduppc - 0004 fp - jp  for kremp - gbr @ freenet . de ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 47 + 0200  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360393 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : kremp - gbr @ freenet . de  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  delivered - to : kremp - gbr @ freenet . de  envelope - to : kremp - gbr @ freenet . de  x - warning : message contains spam signature ( 149285 : : 050719125947 - 6 aa 64000 - 6081 c 675 )  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie !",1,mail delivery failed returning message sender message created automatically mail delivery software message sent could delivered one recipients permanent error following address es failed save inbox generated kremp gbr freenet de mailbox full retry timeout exceeded copy message including headers return path received helo mx freenet de mbox freenet de esmtpa id exim exim id lduppd l ja kremp gbr freenet de tue jul received pll nas te fukuoka nttpc ne jp helo mailwisconsin com mx freenet de smtp exim id lduppc fp jp kremp gbr freenet de tue jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo kremp gbr freenet de user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal delivered kremp gbr freenet de envelope kremp gbr freenet de x warning message contains spam signature aa c soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbelivabie
Subject: be one of our survey takers and we ' ll send you a complimentary laptop computer .  computer survey group needs survey takers in your area now . we ' d like to send you a complimentary laptop computer now for helping us . ( )  laayawrw,1,one survey takers send complimentary laptop computer computer survey group needs survey takers area like send complimentary laptop computer helping us laayawrw
"Subject: associate & analyst super saturday friday night dinner  participation  thank you for volunteering your time for this weekend ' s super saturday . we  appreciate your commitment to enron ' s recruiting success . at this time we do  have an adequate number of friday night dinner participants and will not need  you to sacrifice your friday evening . if you haven ' t already , we encourage  you to volunteer for one of our other future super saturdays .  thank you again for your support and your participation .  shelly jones  recruiting manager  associate & analyst programs",0,associate analyst super saturday friday night dinner participation thank volunteering time weekend super saturday appreciate commitment enron recruiting success time adequate number friday night dinner participants need sacrifice friday evening already encourage volunteer one future super saturdays thank support participation shelly jones recruiting manager associate analyst programs
"Subject: 4 - urgent - owa please print this now .  current notes user :  reasons for using outlook web access ( owa )  1 . once your mailbox has been migrated from notes to outlook , the outlook client will be configured on your computer .  after migration of your mailbox , you will not be able to send or recieve mail via notes , and you will not be able to start using outlook until it is configured by the outlook migration team the morning after your mailbox is migrated . during this period , you can use outlook web access ( owa ) via your web browser ( internet explorer 5 . 0 ) to read and send mail .  please note : your calendar entries , personal address book , journals , and to - do entries imported from notes will not be available until the outlook client is configured on your desktop .  2 . remote access to your mailbox .  after your outlook client is configured , you can use outlook web access ( owa ) for remote access to your mailbox .  please note : at this time , the owa client is only accessible while connecting to the enron network ( lan ) . there are future plans to make owa available from your home or when traveling abroad .  how to access outlook web access ( owa )  launch internet explorer 5 . 0 , and in the address window type : http : / / nahou - msowaolp / exchange / john . doe  substitute "" john . doe "" with your first and last name , then click enter . you will be prompted with a sign in box as shown below . type in "" corp / your user id "" for the user name and your nt password to logon to owa and click ok . you will now be able to view your mailbox .  please note : there are some subtle differences in the functionality between the outlook and owa clients . you will not be able to do many of the things in owa that you can do in outlook . below is a brief list of * some * of the functions not available via owa :  features not available using owa :  - tasks  - journal  - spell checker  - offline use  - printing templates  - reminders  - timed delivery  - expiration  - outlook rules  - voting , message flags and message recall  - sharing contacts with others  - task delegation  - direct resource booking  - personal distribution lists  questions or concerns ?  if you have questions or concerns using the owa client , please contact the outlook 2000 question and answer mailbox at :  outlook . 2000 @ enron . com  otherwise , you may contact the resolution center at :  713 - 853 - 1411  thank you ,  outlook 2000 migration team",0,urgent owa please print current notes user reasons using outlook web access owa mailbox migrated notes outlook outlook client configured computer migration mailbox able send recieve mail via notes able start using outlook configured outlook migration team morning mailbox migrated period use outlook web access owa via web browser internet explorer read send mail please note calendar entries personal address book journals entries imported notes available outlook client configured desktop remote access mailbox outlook client configured use outlook web access owa remote access mailbox please note time owa client accessible connecting enron network lan future plans make owa available home traveling abroad access outlook web access owa launch internet explorer address window type http nahou msowaolp exchange john doe substitute john doe first last name click enter prompted sign box shown type corp user id user name nt password logon owa click ok able view mailbox please note subtle differences functionality outlook owa clients able many things owa outlook brief list functions available via owa features available using owa tasks journal spell checker offline use printing templates reminders timed delivery expiration outlook rules voting message flags message recall sharing contacts others task delegation direct resource booking personal distribution lists questions concerns questions concerns using owa client please contact outlook question answer mailbox outlook enron com otherwise may contact resolution center thank outlook migration team
"Subject: easily lose weight / build muscle / reverse aging ! 21231  as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn , and oprah !  would you like to lose weight while you  sleep ?  no dieting !  no hunger pains !  no cravings !  no strenuous exercise !  change your life forever !  100 % guaranteed !  www . quality - hgh . com  * body fat loss 82 % improvement .  * wrinkle reduction 61 % improvement .  * energy level 84 % improvement .  * muscle strength 88 % improvement .  * sexual potency 75 % improvement .  * emotional stability 67 % improvement .  * memory 62 % improvement .  www . quality - hgh . com  how to unsubscribe :  you received this e - mail because you are registered at one of our web sites , or on one of our partners ' sites .  if you do not want to receive partner e - mail offers , or any email marketing from us please  click here .  lindacucme @ att . net",1,easily lose weight build muscle reverse aging seen nbc cbs cnn oprah would like lose weight sleep dieting hunger pains cravings strenuous exercise change life forever guaranteed www quality hgh com body fat loss improvement wrinkle reduction improvement energy level improvement muscle strength improvement sexual potency improvement emotional stability improvement memory improvement www quality hgh com unsubscribe received e mail registered one web sites one partners sites want receive partner e mail offers email marketing us please click lindacucme att net
"Subject: recent projects  hi vince ,  i have been working on and / or planning to work on the following projects :  1 . finished a gas daily swing option model for commodity structuring  group ( sanjeev khanna ) . the model uses american monte carlo  simulation and dynamic programming techniques .  2 . continue working on psim model . this includes reading power generation  and operation books as well as thinking about ways to model power plant and  its operation . the standard approach ( i . e . turn the plant on if power  price > total  generation cost , else turn the plant off ) is not particularly good if the  regional  demand is very high and the plant still has some un - utilized generation  capacity .  that is , the generation criteria is quite different depending on we model  power  plant from regional point view or from plant point of view . plan to have  meetings  with tom and lance .  3 . started working on stochastic process parameter estimation . i will  concentrate  on four processes : gbm , mean reverting , jump diffusion , and jump diffusion  with  mean reverting . i have looked at tanya ' s earlier work and decided to  discretize  the processes slightly differently . it is hoped that this will give a more  stable  estimation .  best ,  alex",0,recent projects hi vince working planning work following projects finished gas daily swing option model commodity structuring group sanjeev khanna model uses american monte carlo simulation dynamic programming techniques continue working psim model includes reading power generation operation books well thinking ways model power plant operation standard approach e turn plant power price total generation cost else turn plant particularly good regional demand high plant still un utilized generation capacity generation criteria quite different depending model power plant regional point view plant point view plan meetings tom lance started working stochastic process parameter estimation concentrate four processes gbm mean reverting jump diffusion jump diffusion mean reverting looked tanya earlier work decided discretize processes slightly differently hoped give stable estimation best alex
"Subject: re : mid - year 2000 performance evaluation due  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000  07 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  08 / 11 / 2000 07 : 49 am  to : "" perfmgmt @ enron . com "" @ enron  cc :  subject : re : mid - year 2000 performance evaluation due  i haven ' t received yet the final performance evaluation results .  the usual practice is to defer the reviews till the final summary rankings  are available .  please , let me know when i can expect it form the hr .  thanks .  vince kaminski  "" perfmgmt @ enron . com "" < perfmgmt on 08 / 10 / 2000 05 : 16 : 14 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : mid - year 2000 performance evaluation due  sep 01 , 2000  the above date is when the mid - year 2000 performance evaluation forms for  directors and below are due in human resources .  if you have not already done so , supervisors should begin the process of  giving feedback to their employees . the evaluation forms used to provide  feedback to the employee can be obtained via the performance management  system ( pep ) .  to download the evaluation forms from pep , please follow the steps below :  1 . log into pep at http : / / pep . enron . com .  2 . under supervisor services , click supervisor evaluation forms .  3 . right - click on each employee and choose ' save target as . . . ' or ' save link  as . . . '  4 . select your own personal directory , choose a file name to save to and  click ' save ' .  5 . repeat for each employee .  6 . now you can complete your evaluation forms from your personal directory  and will not have to access pep to finalize the form .  upon completion , please forward the signed evaluation forms to your hr  representative no later than friday , september lst 2000 .  if you have any questions , please contact the pep help desk at the following  numbers :  in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only )  or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com  your employees that should receive mid - year evaluations are listed below :  crenshaw , shirley j  ganjoo , shalesh  gibner , peyton s  kollaros , alexios  krishnarao , pinnamaneni v  masson , grant s  raymond , maureen j  roberts , michael a  sergeev , mikhail  shanbhogue , vasant  vernon , clayton j",0,mid year performance evaluation due forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect vince j kaminski perfmgmt enron com enron cc subject mid year performance evaluation due received yet final performance evaluation results usual practice defer reviews till final summary rankings available please let know expect form hr thanks vince kaminski perfmgmt enron com perfmgmt pm vkamins enron com cc subject mid year performance evaluation due sep date mid year performance evaluation forms directors due human resources already done supervisors begin process giving feedback employees evaluation forms used provide feedback employee obtained via performance management system pep download evaluation forms pep please follow steps log pep http pep enron com supervisor services click supervisor evaluation forms right click employee choose save target save link select personal directory choose file name save click save repeat employee complete evaluation forms personal directory access pep finalize form upon completion please forward signed evaluation forms hr representative later friday september lst questions please contact pep help desk following numbers u option europe option canada canada employees e mail questions perfmgmt enron com employees receive mid year evaluations listed crenshaw shirley j ganjoo shalesh gibner peyton kollaros alexios krishnarao pinnamaneni v masson grant raymond maureen j roberts michael sergeev mikhail shanbhogue vasant vernon clayton j
"Subject: best deals on all generic viagra and generic cialis alternatives with guaranteed lowest prices  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  float like a butterfly , sting like a bee .  humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons .  education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance .",1,best deals generic viagra generic cialis alternatives guaranteed lowest prices viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction float like butterfly sting like bee humanity acquiring right technology wrong reasons education progressive discovery ignorance
"Subject: a chance to get new logo now  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe  of your company by creating an outstandinq ioqo , presentabie stationery  items and professionai website . these marketing toois wiii siqnificantiy  contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work sampies , hot deal packages and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,chance get new logo working company image start visual identity key first good impression help take part buildinq positive visuai imaqe company creating outstandinq ioqo presentabie stationery items professionai website marketing toois wiii siqnificantiy contributeto success business take look work sampies hot deal packages see offer work interested
"Subject: your in - home source of health information  right place to look for buying cheap viagra online !  light be the earth upon you , lightly rest .  you never lose by loving . you always lose by holding back .  the road to true love never did run smooth .",1,home source health information right place look buying cheap viagra online light earth upon lightly rest never lose loving always lose holding back road true love never run smooth
"Subject: re : var priorities  vince  thanks for the quick response . agree on # 5 just bear in mind it says scope  not implement so it is more of a development of a project .  re ; mg i will keep tanya apprised of travel plans and give her the option to  be in or out as you two see fit .  ted  vince j kaminski  07 / 11 / 2000 03 : 57 pm  to : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : var priorities  ted ,  item # 5 will require help from it . my understanding is that currently we are  receiving the  positions aggregated to a daily level .  also , i talked to tanya about visiting mg in new york . she is leaving for  vacation on the 26 th of july  and can go for a day to nyc prior to this date .  i think that it makes a lot of sense for her to visit mg and to kick  the tires . i asked her to coordinate the trip with you : it makes sense  for both of you to go together . i may join you depending on my availability .  vince  from : ted murphy  07 / 11 / 2000 03 : 20 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : var priorities  vince / john ,  below is a brief summary of near - term projects for the enhancement of var and  the use of var . as you can tell some are not directly research issues ( some  require the guidance but not direct work product ) , and are very north  american wholesale - centric .  vince ,  i think that the only one in which progress requires your input to get kick  started is # 5 . all others are in progress with tanya / grant involved through  jeff shankman ' s regular meeting .  we would like to get your input as to your priorities ( we were thinking top  5 ? ) and then start knocking some of them out . it is not meant to be  exhaustive and is focused on fixes as opposed to overhauls .  thanks  ted  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ted murphy / hou / ect on 07 / 11 / 2000 03 : 10 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : ted murphy  06 / 28 / 2000 07 : 45 am  to : rick buy  cc :  subject : var priorities  rick ,  this is my initial attempt to summarize our meeting with john . the next  steps would be to solicit feedback from other interested parties and scope  the resources and responsibilities .  ted  rick buy , john lavorato and i met to discuss priorities as it relates to the  calculation of var . we are making the following recommendations  1 ) inclusion of monthly index positions into var calculations as the  indicies set in north american natural gas  2 ) development of a methodology to re - run correlations ( factor loadings )  including criteria , responsibilities and acceptance / rejection criteria  3 ) development of process by which to analyze the output of factor loading  process . database to store output and management reports .  4 ) finalize debate on the calculation of forward / forward volatility  5 ) scope a project to analyze the possibility of calculating hourly  volatility for power .  it was further recommended that we continue to not include unpriced index  positions in var calculation .",0,var priorities vince thanks quick response agree bear mind says scope implement development project mg keep tanya apprised travel plans give option two see fit ted vince j kaminski pm ted murphy hou ect ect cc tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject var priorities ted item require help understanding currently receiving positions aggregated daily level also talked tanya visiting mg new york leaving vacation th july go day nyc prior date think makes lot sense visit mg kick tires asked coordinate trip makes sense go together may join depending availability vince ted murphy pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect john sherriff lon ect ect cc subject var priorities vince john brief summary near term projects enhancement var use var tell directly research issues require guidance direct work product north american wholesale centric vince think one progress requires input get kick started others progress tanya grant involved jeff shankman regular meeting would like get input priorities thinking top start knocking meant exhaustive focused fixes opposed overhauls thanks ted forwarded ted murphy hou ect pm ted murphy rick buy cc subject var priorities rick initial attempt summarize meeting john next steps would solicit feedback interested parties scope resources responsibilities ted rick buy john lavorato met discuss priorities relates calculation var making following recommendations inclusion monthly index positions var calculations indicies set north american natural gas development methodology run correlations factor loadings including criteria responsibilities acceptance rejection criteria development process analyze output factor loading process database store output management reports finalize debate calculation forward forward volatility scope project analyze possibility calculating hourly volatility power recommended continue include unpriced index positions var calculation
"Subject: vince kaminski  good morning mr . bandini :  i am dr . kaminski ' s assistant and he has asked me to forward a copy of  his "" bio "" and the following information to you .  dr . kaminski ' s email address : vkamins @ enron . com  telephone number : 713 / 853 - 3848  thank you for your interest .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : scrensh @ enron . com",0,vince kaminski good morning mr bandini dr kaminski assistant asked forward copy bio following information dr kaminski email address vkamins enron com telephone number thank interest sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp research email scrensh enron com
"Subject: collaborative effort  vince : i am very enthusiastic about your interest and possible  contributions towards a 22 nd century human blood system . i have  attached a letter that discusses the endeavor . please note that it has  a built - in automatic release in the event you need to terminate . it has  a confidentiality statement as well . if it is acceptable , please sign  it and fax it back to me at 713 965 2114 at your earliest convenience .  al arfsten  - kaminski acceptance 011601 . doc",0,collaborative effort vince enthusiastic interest possible contributions towards nd century human blood system attached letter discusses endeavor please note built automatic release event need terminate confidentiality statement well acceptable please sign fax back earliest convenience al arfsten kaminski acceptance doc
"Subject: equipment finance and leasing  contact us today for a free consultation on the many options  available to your company :  your equipment loan and lease specialist  www . . com  reuben adams  ra @ . com  ( 800 ) 539 - 5327 ext 209  keystone capital 2100 main st . , ste . 104 irvine , ca 92614 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,equipment finance leasing contact us today free consultation many options available company equipment loan lease specialist www com reuben adams ra com ext keystone capital main st ste irvine ca e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: summer intern : paulo oliveira  vince : here is the information that i have on paulo . he would be slated  to work for the summer with april hodgeson and matt harris on how streaming  media products may add value to advertising or some related area .  actually , he would also be a good fit for helping to think ways to analyze  our enron on - line data . i have asked if he can send a resume . in the  mean time , most of his relevant information is attached below .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 17 / 2000  11 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  paulo rocha e oliveira on 02 / 10 / 2000 12 : 04 : 56 pm  to : "" stinson gibner ""  cc :  subject : re : trip to houston  stinson ,  thank you for your e - mail . my phone number is ( 617 ) 492 - 9551 .  i graduated from princeton university in 1996 ( mathematics ) , and came  straight to mit for a  ph . d . in operations management at the sloan schoolof management . in my first  three years i took all the required coursework in mathematics ,  optimization , stochastic processes , etc . , as well as a number of courses in  psychology ( at mit and harvard ) . i am working with prof . gabriel bitran ,  and i am interested in the mathematical modeling of service operations . in  particular , i am interested in the interaction between customers and  companies ( hence the interest in psychology ) . the ( tentative ) title of my  phd thesis is "" pricing substitute products on the internet "" , and i am  sending you the summary which i sent to tom gros a few weeks ago that will  give you an idea of what this research is about .  thanks again , and i ' m looking forward to meeting you and your research  group next week .  paulo  pricing substitute products on the internet  objective :  to develop new tools to decide pricing policies for goods and services sold  on  the internet .  motivation :  this research is motivated by the fact that traditional choice and  optimization  models are not appropriate for internet - related businesses . the technological  innovations associated with the internet brought about an overload of  information  which inevitably affects the ways in which consumers make choices .  furthermore ,  companies have a great deal of influence on how much information consumers can  have access to .  the problem of pricing substitute products is an important strategic issue  faced  by internet companies . consumers usually search for generic products ( e . g .  vcrs  or computers ) without knowing exactly what they will buy . companies can show  different products and different prices to each consumer . this type of  flexibility  was not available until the internet came about .  the problem of pricing substitute products is not unique to the internet . the  methodology developed by this research should be transferable to a number of  other settings , such as pricing services . services are unique , and there are  many cases where customers will only buy one of many services offered by a  given company . our model will help companies decide which services to offer  to which customers and how much to charge for these services .  research strategy :  our research strategy is to divide the pricing problem into two components  which can be combined to generate optimal pricing strategies . these  components are choice models and optimization models .  choice models :  choice models describe how customers make choices . the management literature  draws on two main sources for these models : psychology and economics . the  common approach in psychology models is to use what are called heuristic  elimination methods . these methods consist of the elimination of options  based on the sequential elimination of features until only one choice  remains .  these methods tend to be very context - specific and do not lend themselves very  easily to mathematical analysis . economists focus on utility - maximing models  that are significantly more mathematically tractable than psychological  models .  the most common economic model of choice is the logit model . the problem with  these types of models is that they are not very accurate reflections of how  consumer make choices on the internet . the first step in our research will  be  to develop choice models that capture the interactions going on between  customers  and companies on the internet .  optimization :  traditionally , the optimization problem consists of maximizing revenue over a  certain planning horizon . on the internet , the problem of maximizing revenue  still exists , but there is also a need to learn about customers . short term  profit is based on sales , but long term profit is based on how well you know  your customers and are able to retain them . the optimization problem must  therefore include a short term component ( sales ) and a long term component  ( learning ) .",0,summer intern paulo oliveira vince information paulo would slated work summer april hodgeson matt harris streaming media products may add value advertising related area actually would also good fit helping think ways analyze enron line data asked send resume mean time relevant information attached stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect paulo rocha e oliveira pm stinson gibner cc subject trip houston stinson thank e mail phone number graduated princeton university mathematics came straight mit ph operations management sloan schoolof management first three years took required coursework mathematics optimization stochastic processes etc well number courses psychology mit harvard working prof gabriel bitran interested mathematical modeling service operations particular interested interaction customers companies hence interest psychology tentative title phd thesis pricing substitute products internet sending summary sent tom gros weeks ago give idea research thanks looking forward meeting research group next week paulo pricing substitute products internet objective develop new tools decide pricing policies goods services sold internet motivation research motivated fact traditional choice optimization models appropriate internet related businesses technological innovations associated internet brought overload information inevitably affects ways consumers make choices furthermore companies great deal influence much information consumers access problem pricing substitute products important strategic issue faced internet companies consumers usually search generic products e g vcrs computers without knowing exactly buy companies show different products different prices consumer type flexibility available internet came problem pricing substitute products unique internet methodology developed research transferable number settings pricing services services unique many cases customers buy one many services offered given company model help companies decide services offer customers much charge services research strategy research strategy divide pricing problem two components combined generate optimal pricing strategies components choice models optimization models choice models choice models describe customers make choices management literature draws two main sources models psychology economics common approach psychology models use called heuristic elimination methods methods consist elimination options based sequential elimination features one choice remains methods tend context specific lend easily mathematical analysis economists focus utility maximing models significantly mathematically tractable psychological models common economic model choice logit model problem types models accurate reflections consumer make choices internet first step research develop choice models capture interactions going customers companies internet optimization traditionally optimization problem consists maximizing revenue certain planning horizon internet problem maximizing revenue still exists also need learn customers short term profit based sales long term profit based well know customers able retain optimization problem must therefore include short term component sales long term component learning
"Subject: london telephonhe numbers change  fyi !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 26 / 2000  12 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anjam ahmad  04 / 26 / 2000 11 : 44 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : london telephonhe numbers change  hi shirley ,  please could you forward this to houston research . . . may explain difficulty  in calling london .  thanks ,  anjam  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 26 / 04 / 2000 16 : 54  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe general announcement  20 / 04 / 2000 15 : 41  please respond to european it support / lon / ect  to : ect london  cc :  subject : very important - "" change of telephone numbers "" this weekend ! ! !  as you are no doubt aware , this weekend ( 22 nd april 2000 ) the 0171 and 0181  london dialling codes are being replaced by 0207 and 0208 respectively .  since our move to enron house all external customers should have been made  aware of the new 020 7783 telephone numbers .  we are however still receiving calls on the old 0171 numbers .  please be aware that these 0171 numbers will be cease to operate on the 22  april 2000 .  from this date , calls made to the old 0171 numbers will reach an announcement  advising them to call enron ' s new switchboard number : 020 7783 0000 .  please ensure that your external contacts are made aware of the correct  number convention :  020 7783 xxxx  details of new phone and fax numbers are as follows :  click here - - > < - - to access the personal fax numbers ( surname k - z ) details  in the "" non - commercial bulletin board "" database on ectlon - ln 2 / ect .  if you access the enron network via ' ras ' , you must ensure that the ras  number is updated in your laptop settings .  the old ras number was 0171 316 6666 . this has changed to 020 7783 6666 .  from the 22 april 00 oftel ' s ' big number ' day you will no longer be able to  dial 0171 and 0181 numbers . the new 0207 and 0208 numbers must be used in  their place . current users of the new code will know that at present you  must use the new area code as well as the new number .  from the 22 april 00 you will be able to dial either the local number on it ' s  own i . e . 7783 0000 or the area code and local number i . e . 020 7783 0000 .  if you have any questions please contact european it support on 36777",0,london telephonhe numbers change fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm anjam ahmad shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject london telephonhe numbers change hi shirley please could forward houston research may explain difficulty calling london thanks anjam forwarded anjam ahmad lon ect enron europe general announcement please respond european support lon ect ect london cc subject important change telephone numbers weekend doubt aware weekend nd april london dialling codes replaced respectively since move enron house external customers made aware new telephone numbers however still receiving calls old numbers please aware numbers cease operate april date calls made old numbers reach announcement advising call enron new switchboard number please ensure external contacts made aware correct number convention xxxx details new phone fax numbers follows click access personal fax numbers surname k z details non commercial bulletin board database ectlon ln ect access enron network via ras must ensure ras number updated laptop settings old ras number changed april oftel big number day longer able dial numbers new numbers must used place current users new code know present must use new area code well new number april able dial either local number e area code local number e questions please contact european support
"Subject: hello team  we are very excited to be able to welcome your alp team to enron . we are  looking to working with you this semester . to kick things off , we would like  to invite you to cacciatore ' s this thursday for dinner ( 1 / 25 / 01 , 7 pm ) . if  you can ' t stand italian cuisine , or would like to try a different day or  time , please feel free to make a suggestion . we look forward to meeting you .  ken  713 / 345 - 4638",0,hello team excited able welcome alp team enron looking working semester kick things would like invite cacciatore thursday dinner pm stand italian cuisine would like try different day time please feel free make suggestion look forward meeting ken
"Subject: re : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation  dear mr . ray ,  i regret to inform you that due to very heavy workload we cannot attend  the power systems engineering research center ' s  upcoming industrial advisory board meeting in oak brook .  our work load does not leave us much time to get involved  with pserc at this moment . we would very much like to stay  in touch and plan to reconsider our decision in the second half of this year .  vince kaminski  "" dennis ray "" on 03 / 27 / 2001 04 : 46 : 44 pm  to : "" vince kaminski ""  cc :  subject : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation  mr . kaminski ,  greetings . bob thomas , shmuel oren and i invite you to attend the power  systems engineering research center ' s upcoming industrial advisory board  meeting in oak brook , il . it will be held on may 31 - june 1 .  as you know from lance and alex , this is an opportunity to meet university  researchers and industrial members of pserc . the meeting also has  presentations on pserc activities and research projects , pserc business  discussions , current topic discussions , and a tutorial . our current topics  discussion will be on iso / rto issues , and will involve executives from  several isos in dialog with university researchers .  please let me know if you have any questions . we hope to see you there so  that we can talk about any questions you might have about pserc .  dennis ray , ph . d .  executive director  power systems engineering research center  608 - 265 - 3808  - directions . doc  - iab _ meeting _ may 2001 . doc  - iab _ registration _ form . doc  - pserc members . doc",0,pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation dear mr ray regret inform due heavy workload attend power systems engineering research center upcoming industrial advisory board meeting oak brook work load leave us much time get involved pserc moment would much like stay touch plan reconsider decision second half year vince kaminski dennis ray pm vince kaminski cc subject pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation mr kaminski greetings bob thomas shmuel oren invite attend power systems engineering research center upcoming industrial advisory board meeting oak brook il held may june know lance alex opportunity meet university researchers industrial members pserc meeting also presentations pserc activities research projects pserc business discussions current topic discussions tutorial current topics discussion iso rto issues involve executives several isos dialog university researchers please let know questions hope see talk questions might pserc dennis ray ph executive director power systems engineering research center directions doc iab meeting may doc iab registration form doc pserc members doc
"Subject: re : video conference  jeff ,  we have video facilities both in houston and london .  we shall invite howard to visit our office in london again .  vince  "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ "" on 02 / 06 / 2001 01 : 44 : 27 pm  please respond to "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ ""  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : video conference  hi vince ,  the following ( below ) is what london rw wrote back - is it true enron can do  it inhouse between houston and london ? . . . if so , i will get alec to have  howard available for you upon arrive back from his holiday for the video  conference .  let me know if this is what you want and ment . mri has video conferencing  but , not in uk . . . so i can ' t provide the service , either .  i don ' t want to let you down .  thanks ,  jeff  jeff , not available at rw - will be done between enron london and  houston .  alec  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *",0,video conference jeff video facilities houston london shall invite howard visit office london vince pm please respond vince j kaminski enron com cc subject video conference hi vince following london rw wrote back true enron inhouse houston london get alec howard available upon arrive back holiday video conference let know want ment mri video conferencing uk provide service either want let thanks jeff jeff available rw done enron london houston alec get free secure online email http www ziplip com
"Subject: from the enron india newsdesk - april 23 rd newsclips  vince ,  from the sound of the articles , it appears ene is ready to exit india , or alternately to get into an arbitration battle .  i have scheduled some time with you at 10 . 30 to discuss .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 04 / 23 / 2001 07 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nikita varma  04 / 23 / 2001 07 : 20 am  to : nikita varma / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : ( bcc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development )  subject : from the enron india newsdesk - april 23 rd newsclips  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / fed 3 . html  godbole ' s report unearths absurd calculations , maharashtra could use this to wriggle out of the dabhol project  sucheta dalal  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / newsl . html  dpc board set to authorise president , enron md to issue notice of termination , sanjay jog  scrapping of power purchase agreement  monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . business - standard . com / today / corp 8 . asp ? menu = 2  dpc seeks ok to exit power project , tamal bandyopadhyay & s ravindran  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . cybernoon . com / index . html  enron winding up operations in india ?  state for consolidating all dpc arbitration notices , sanjay jog  monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / news 3 . html  monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 23 econo 4 . htm  maharashtra to set up experts panel on enron  the article also appeared in the following newspaper  business standard  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . business - standard . com / today / state 3 . asp ? menu = 32  maharashtra to set up expert panel on enron  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 23 econo 7 . htm  ' enron is a national problem '  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . cybernoon . com / index . html  cm takes enron to delhi today  monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . outlookindia . com / full . asp ? fname = enron + % 28 f % 29 & fodname = 20010430 & sid = 1  the real story of dabhol if a judicial probe , suggested by the committee , is ordered into the enron deal , it could embarrass three governments ranjit bhushan  monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . business - standard . com / today / state 2 . asp ? menu = 32  mseb revenue collections up at rs 968 crore in march , renni abraham  the financial express , april 23 , 2001  godbole ' s report unearths absurd calculations , maharashtra could use this to wriggle out of the dabhol project , sucheta dalal  it is finally quit india time for enron . though the controversial multinational has denied plans to sell its stake in dabhol power company ( dpc ) , informed sources say that it has sent feelers to china light it deliberately uses expensive raw material ( ignoring world bank warnings ) , has worked on fanciful demand - supply estimates and several legal requirements and permissions .  in fact , the committee has found that the mseb has been paying enron rs 930 crore more than it should every year . this comprises overcharging of rs 253 crore on account of the large regassification plant of which only 42 per cent of the capacity is used for dpc . there ' s also a rs 100 crore extra billing to the mseb for shipping and harbour charges although the cost of these facilities had been included in the capital recovery charge . by charging more than twice the operations & maintenance rate stipulated by the government of india , enron collects approximately rs 246 crore extra every year . it has also been collecting rs 332 crore every year through inflated fuel consumption claims . enron has been charging at 1878 kcal / kwh under the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) although the equipment manufacturer has guaranteed it a much lower consumption rate . this gives it a fat fuel arbitrage opportunity at the cost of the people of maharashtra .  the committee has also pointed to the strange practice of using four different exchange rates for different aspects of the project negotiation : a rate of rs 32 per dollar was assumed for calculating debt service of rupee loans , rs 34 . 5 per dollar as reference rate for phase - i , rs 39 . 35 per dollar as reference rate for phase - ii and a curious rs 42 per dollar for calculating government of india tariff . forcing a reduction of these excessive charges has nothing to do with contract cancellation . all it needs is tough negotiation and public pressure on the political establishment .  the godbole committee has established that dpc ' s tariffs can easily be halved if excess payments are eliminated and unfair conditions such as the dollarisation of payments , the take - or - pay clause and escrow facility ( which is in fact hampering mseb ' s reform particularly in power distribution ) are scrapped . the security of future payments to dpc under the restructured tariff would be based on increased cash flows from a reformed distribution system . the committee also gives enron a difficult escape route . it says that if the multinational finds the conditions for restructuring too onerous , it should free mseb from its contractual obligations and find buyers outside maharashtra . the committee has tried to establish another precedent on all projects negotiated by government : "" the public has a right to know what is being contracted on their behalf "" and has recommended that all documents , including contracts related to all independent power projects ( ipps ) , particularly dpc , should be published by the maharashtra government within two months .  also , having established that demand - supply estimates by the state government were fanciful , the committee has asked mseb to defer all negotiations with power producers until demand levels in the state permit full absorption of power generation from such ipps . it recommends that such negotiations should be in accordance with the least - cost plan spelt out by the report . this should also end the hectic lobbying by reliance ( patalganga ) , mittals ( bhadravati ) , the bses ( saphale ) and others to set up ipps in maharashtra .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the financial express , april 23 , 2001  dpc board set to authorise president , enron md to issue notice of termination , sanjay jog  scrapping of power purchase agreement  the board of directors of dabhol power company ( dpc ) , which has already taken an aggressive posture , has proposed to authorise the enron india managing director k wade cline and dpc president and chief executive officer neil mcgregor to issue notices for the termination of power purchase agreement ( ppa ) and transfer of dabhol project in view of continuing default by the state and central governments and maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) .  the board of directors , which would meet on april 25 in london , also plans to appoint mr cline as its "" true and lawful attorney - in - fact "" and authorise him to represent the company in the negotiation of all project contracts and financing agreements and their amendments and modifications . top sources told the financial express that dpc would authorise mr cline and / or mr mcgregor to serve the preliminary termination notices and transfer notices to the state and central governments and mseb under clause 17 and schedule 11 of the ppa .  "" in response to the continuing default by the mseb of its payment obligations under the ppa , the failure of the government of maharashtra to honour obligations under its guarantee and state support agreement and failure of the government of india to honour obligations under its counter guarantee , the company has sought recourse to dispute resolution and has initiated conciliation and arbitration proceedings , "" the company resolution said . "" consistent with this recourse to contractual remedies , the company now seeks the authority to serve preliminary termination notices and transfer notices pursuant to clause 17 and schedule 11 of the ppa from time to time and at any time upon the occurrence of an event giving rise to its right to serve such notices as determined by the company , "" the resolution added .  according to the resolution , the directors , the company secretary and officers of the company and each of them acting individually , are authorised and empowered to execute and deliver such documents and instruments and take such other actions as they deem fit to effect the purpose of the resolution , in the name and for and on behalf of the company . against this backdrop , the state government and mseb have been exploring the possibilities of issuing termination notice to the dpc for its failure to meet the contractual obligations under the ppa . the state government and mseb sources said that such a notice could be served by the mseb as dpc has not paid the rebate ( penalty ) of rs 409 crore for misdeclaration and default on the availability of power on january 28 and february 13 .  the state government and mseb , which reviewed its position on saturday at a meeting convened by the chief minister vilasrao deshmukh , are of the view that they have a strong case and substantial grounds to slap the termination notice to the dpc . the dpc ' s move to appoint mr k wade cline as its "" true and lawful attorney - in - fact "" deserves importance especially when the state government proposes to set up a negotiating committee to cut the per unit cost and gauge the possibility of sale of dabhol power to the power deficit states .  mr cline would also be authorised to dispose of equipment that is worn out or obsolete or other equipment or fuel no longer expected to be used in the ordinary course in amounts exceeding rs 64 crore or the equivalent in foreign currency in any financial year . furthermore , mr cline would be in a position to enter into contracts and take any other actions for purpose relating to the day - to - day operation of the company ' s business or exercise its rights and discharge its obligations under the project contracts and the financing agreements  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , monday , april 23 , 2001  dpc seeks ok to exit power project , tamal bandyopadhyay otherwise it cannot be a complete exercise , "" he added .  deshmukh and the mseb team are scheduled to meet union finance minister yashwant sinha and power minister suresh prabhu on monday in new delhi to discuss the stalemate and find a acceptable solution for the same . "" i am meeting sinha and prabhu to request them to take an initiative and send representatives for the negotiations committee , "" he said . deshmukh ' s meeting with the centre comes at a crucial stage as dpc ' s lenders would be meeting in london , on the same day , to decide upon the future finances of the controversy marred 2 , 184 - mw project in dabhol .  moreover , the dpc board is also scheduled to meet on april 25 in london to decide the fate of its $ 900 million project in dabhol , including winding up of its operations . the meeting would discuss the topmost item on the agenda , which was to empower dpc managing director neil mcgregor to wind up operations in the country . dpc has already slapped one conciliation notice on the centre and three arbitration notices on the state government over non - payment of dues amounting to rs 213 crore plus interest towards the bills due for the months of december 2000 and january 2001 .  asked whether the centre had send any feel over a possible clubbing together of the arbitration and conciliation processes , deshmukh replied in the negative . deshmukh said mseb chairman vinay bansal along with two senior officials would attend dpc ' s board meeting in london . bansal had said on sunday that mseb would present its case concerning the rs 401 - crore penalty that the loss - making board slapped on dpc on february 28 , for not generating required power within the stipulated time as per the ppa . currently , enron india holds 65 per cent in the $ 900 - million dpc project , which includes mseb ' s 15 per cent , while general electric and bechtel hold 10 per cent each . ( pti )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , april 23 , 2001  ' enron is a national problem '  union power minister suresh prabhu on sunday said the centre would render all possible help to resolve the enron crisis faced by maharashtra which is "" haunting the entire country "" . prabhu said he would meet the state chief minister vilasrao deshmukh in new delhi tomorrow to discuss stalemate over the payments due to the us energy major - promoted dhabol power company by the maharashtra state electricity board . referring to godbole committee report ' s finding that dpc was keen on offering mseb ' s 15 per cent stake to the national thermal power corporation , prabhu said : "" the centre has not received any such proposal regarding participation of the central power utility . "" ( pti )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - afternoon , april 23 , 2001  cm takes enron to delhi today  chief minister vilasrao deshmukh will discuss the enron imbroglio with union finance minister yashwant sinha and union power minister suresh prabhu in delhi today . he will request the centre to appoint a representative to the committee that the state government is setting up to carry on discussions and negotiations regarding the dabhol power project of the us - based enron power company . today , a special meeting of representatives of all those finanicial institutions which have extended loans to the dabhol power project is also being held in london . a meeting of its directors will be held on wednesday to discuss the fate of the $ 900 million project which has been under a cloud ever since its inception .  yesterday , mr . prabhu declared at a ' janata darbar ' in thane that the centre would extend all help to solve the enron crisis . this is in the backdrop of pending bills to the tune of rs . 213 crore which the state fowarded to the centre against payments for the months of december 2000 and january 2001 . confirming that there was no proposal from the state government to handover the project to the centre , mr . prabhu said that the situation of the electricity boards in the country was precarious . the centre had decided to assist maharashtra upto rs . 250 crore every year to improve customer services .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - outlook , monday , april 23 , 2001  the real story of dabhol if a judicial probe , suggested by the committee , is ordered into the enron deal , it could embarrass three governments ranjit bhushan  "" the committee has prima facie found infirmities in several decisions taken in respect of the enron project at different points of time by successive governments and agencies in the centre and state . ""  - - energy review committee headed by former home secretary madhav godbole  this could well be the real enron story  a five - member high - powered committee headed by madhav godbole - and including former union economic affairs secretary e . a . s . sarma , hdfc chairman deepak parekh , teri chairman rajendrapachauri and maharashtra government official vinay mohan lal - has recommended a judicial probe into the entire enron power project deal saying it signified "" the utter failure of governance that seems to have characterised almost every step of the decision - making process relating to the dabhol project "" . the report , which was submitted to the maharashtra government last fortnight and has been acquired by outlook , is severely critical of former chief minister sharad pawar ( with the congress then ) , the 13 - day bjp - led union government which reworked the deal in 1996 , shiv sena supremo balasaheb thackeray and his government in maharashtra headed by manohar joshi  "" the utter failure of governance seems to have characterised almost every step of decision - making relating to the dabhol project . "" madhav godbole committee report  an investigation , if ordered , could embarrass at least these three governments the report clearly upholds the allegations of money being paid by enron to politicians and bureaucrats for clinching the deal . according to the committee , the deal reveals failure of governance , both at the centre and state , and across different agencies . "" it strains belief to accept that such widespread and consistent failure to execute responsibilities is purely coincidental , "" the report said , proposing a set of measures to be implemented if something of the project was to be retrieved . godbole and sarma also felt that the panel should categorically recommend the government of india to order a judicial inquiry . this was finally adopted by it . says a congress leader : "" enron could well become the biggest political issue in maharashtra and put to question liberalisation , particularly in the power sector . ""  the proposal has already struck panic . says ncp ' s praful patel : "" if the enron decision has at all been detrimental , it is because of the haste with which phase 2 was cleared by the shiv sena - bjp government . now with the state having already entered into an agreement with enron , the important thing is to resolve it amicably . a judicial inquiry will be an eyewash because it ' s not an issue of corruption but that of perception . ""  pro - market congressmen privately admit that it was their governments at the centre and the state which invited enron , even though the second phase was cleared by the bjp - shiv sena combine . says congress spokesperson jaipal reddy : "" right now we ' re too involved with the parliament deadlock over tehelka . "" pro - liberalisation congress mps also fear that such witch - hunting could send wrong signals to foreign investors . non - congress mps from maharashtra , meanwhile , claim that the godbole committee was instituted with the express purpose of politicising the enron issue . "" i think i know vilasrao deshmukh ' s gameplan , "" says an mp from the state . but some mps like congress ' prithviraj chavan question the cloak of secrecy that ' s surrounded the deal : "" i ' ve maintained for long that there should be a judicial committee to examine this "" .  the committee report also says that had the enron project been subjected to a techno - economic appraisal , as envisaged under provisions of the electricity supply act of 1948 and related legislations , the infirmities could have been avoided . since this wasn ' t done , questions about a concerted effort towards exercising undue influence at every stage of the project are bound to arise , the exhaustive 93 - page report points out .  "" i ' d highlight the speed with which the 13 - day vajpayee government cleared the project minutes before it quit , "" says congress mp prithviraj chavan .  the enron project had been held out as an exemplar of the impending liberalisation in the early ' 90 s and , despite several controversies , is now an established power project at dabhol , 150 km south of mumbai . in july 1992 , enron signed an mou with the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) to set up a 2 , 550 mw station as part of the government ' s ' fast track ' projects .  subsequently , when the shiv - sena - bjp came to power in maharashtra it filed a writ against the project . this curiously led to renegotiations with enron . the committee has quoted a bombay high court order on the renegotiated deal . "" once it ( gom ) decided to revive the project , it acted in the very same manner its predecessors in office had done . it forgot all about competitive bidding and transparency . the speed with which the negotiating group studied the project and made its proposal for renegotiatons , which was accepted by dabhol , is unprecedented . "" says chavan : "" i would particularly like to highlight the speed with which the 13 - day vajpayee government at centre endorsed the renegotiated project minutes before it resigned . ""  since the commissioning of the plant in may 1999 , the mseb has paid rs 1 , 607 crore for the power it has bought from dabhol . if the same watttage of power had been bought from indian - built power plants fired by indigenous coal , the payment would have been approximately rs 736 crore . in the first year - and - a - half of its operation itself , the dpc had drained the maharashtra exchequer of nearly rs 1 , 000 crore .  the central electricity authority ( cea ) , in fact , pointed out that the dabhol plant was not the least costly option . the mseb had other inexpensive alternatives like the four units of kaparkheda , but they were in a preliminary stage . the report notes : "" . . . if the mseb had made efforts to seriously pursue these projects , they might not have remained in their preliminary stages "" . it adds that the members were of the opinion that "" the mseb and the maharashtra government erred seriously , based on information available at that time , in proceeding with the dpc as a base - load factor even when its capacity was reduced . "" the failure seems to have been compounded by the laxity of the union power ministry , finance ministry and the cea . it quotes the cea as saying that since the union finance ministry found the tariff reasonable , no further examination was required  strangely , bal thackeray ' s shiv sena , when it came to power together with the bjp in maharashtra , filed a writ in the court and then renegotiated the deal .  after the new shiv sena - bjp government took over , its cm , manohar joshi , appointed a renegotiating committee in 1996 which made the right noises , actually managing to reduce the tariff . but certain things remained inexplicable . no fresh clearances were required from the cea , which also said that "" since no cost increase was involved . . . fresh formal clearance wasn ' t necessary . "" says the committee : "" this only adds strength to the suspicion that the cea didn ' t consider the economic aspects of the project at all . indeed , given the non - availability of any official record of the meeting on june 24 , 1994 , with the committee and the nature of this letter dated december 23 , 1994 , the committee is doubtful whether the economic aspects of dpc were discussed at all . ' '  the credibility of the shiv sena - bjp government has been seriously questioned . "" the committee finds it unexplicable ( sic ) why there was no mention of any reduction in capital cost of the project from $ 2 , 828 million to $ 2 , 501 million as agreed by dpc in the summary report of the renegotiating committee , "" the panel observes . says lawyer prashant bhushan : "" it is strange that the shiv sena - bjp government first filed a writ in the court and then coolly renegotiated the deal . "" the committee further spells out the losses incurred through the deal . "" subsequent to the commissioning of the dpc , the financial deterioration of mseb has been rapid . while the mseb was in profit in 1998 - 99 , it plunged into huge losses of rs 1681 crore in 1999 - 2000 . ""  significantly , the world bank in 1993 had predicted the system ' s inherent weaknesses . in a letter written to the then power secretary , r . vasudevan , a top bank official had said that "" after a detailed review of the analytical framework and costing assumptions , we reconfirm our earlier conclusion that the dabhol project , as presently formulated , is not economically justified "" and that in "" our assessment the project is too large to enter the mseb system in 1998 . the proposed base - load operation could result in uneconomic plant dispatch , as already existing lower variable cost coal power would be replaced by the higher cost lng power . ""  enron ' s persistence and the ' gullibility ' of the indian side can be gauged from high - ranking enron official joe sutton ' s letter to a key indian official , ajit nimbalkar : "" i recently met with the world bank and have been following the articles in the india papers . i feel that the world bank opinion can be changed . we ' ll engage a pr firm and hopefully manage the media from here on . the project has solid support from all other agencies in washington . ""  the key question in the enron deal is whether a developed state like maharashtra needs outside intervention in the power sector at all ? for the first time the godbole committee has raised objections about the viability of such a project . according to the report , the mseb has been one of the better performing boards in the country and has , despite a faulty transmission and distribution ( t and d ) system , managed to consistently earn net revenue surpluses on an accrual basis .  maharashtra accounts for nearly one - fourth of the gross value of india ' s industrial sector . it ' s one of the few states to achieve 100 per cent electrification . since ' 95 , the mseb has been adding to its generation . "" this improvement , which has been largely due to renovation and modernisation undertaken by the mseb , exceeded its own expectations at a time when the dpc was being considered , "" the report points out . following a policy of cross - subsidy , roughly nine out of its ten users are subsidised .  but the gap between the average cost of supply and average realisation hasn ' t been much . in fact , the subsidy claim decreased from rs 630 crore in 1995 - 96 to rs 355 crore in 1998 - 99 , until in 1999 - 2000 it increased nearly five - fold to rs 2 , 084 crore due to the sudden increase in the gap by 26 paise per unit - from 15 to 41 paise - an increase of 173 per cent . "" the increase in the subsidy claim by rs 1 , 729 crore is due to the increase in the gap principally because of the increase in power purchase costs , "" says the committee , adding : "" without the dpc and without problems of t and d loss , the mseb could be financially healthy . ""  but can that happen now since enron is here to stay ? the committee has come up with some far - reaching recommendations : make public all dabhol - related documents and agreements , restructure the dabhol project itself to bring down the cost of power , restructure dpc financially , allow sale of dpc power outside maharashtra , re - examine ppas in accordance with least - cost plans , and thoroughly reform the mseb . the committee know this can become reality only with political consensus and through forming of public opinion . the question is , can that be achieved in an unstable political environment ?  with priya sahgal  making of a scam  ? 1992 : centre invites enron to set up ' fast track ' power project  ? dec 1993 : first ppa signed with mseb  ? 1994 : enron starts construction  ? 1995 : sena - bjp govt scraps enron  ? 1996 : state govt renegotiates project  ? 1996 : 13 - day vajpayee govt approves counter - guarantee  ? may 1996 : state cabinet clears ppa  ? may 13 , 1999 : phase i commissioned  ? jul 1999 : financial closure for phase ii  ? oct 2000 : mseb defaults on payment , subsequently stops paying monthly bills  ? feb 6 , 2001 : enron invokes central government ' s counter - guarantee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , monday , april 23 , 2001  mseb revenue collections up at rs 968 crore in march , renni abraham  the maharashtra state electricity board ' s ( mseb ) revenue collections in march 2001 stood at a record rs 968 crore . this was largely due to the disconnection drive on defaulter connections - - pegged at nearly 20 , 000 disconnections a month - - which resulted in compliance by consumers . with the dabhol power company ( dpc ) monthly financial burden issue now a topic of discussion among arbitrators on the negotiating table , the mseb has turned to putting its house in order .  as if to ward of any criticism of its fiscal condition that could be termed as the facilitator to the entire dpc tariff crisis , the state electricity board has put matters relating to its performance on record . for instance , mseb has recorded the highest power generation in the year ended march 31 , 2001 , at 45930 units , compared with the previous year ' s 45582 units , making it the top seb of the country in this respect . similarly its power stations recorded the highest availability percentage at 86 . 1 up from 84 . 6 per cent last fiscal . plant load factor is up to 72 . 78 per cent , compared with 71 . 7 per cent in 2000 .  the parli power station has recorded the highest ever generation in the ten years of its life time in 2000 at 4545 million units , which made it eligible for the meritorious productivity award under the eligibility guidelines issued by the government of india carrying a cash award of rs 12 . 5 lakh . all other power stations in the state , without exception , also fulfill the eligibility criteria for the cash award , a senior mseb official said . similarly , the chandrapur power station became the first power station of any state electricity board to get the iso 9002 certification .  a senior mseb official said : "" earlier mseb was suffering from too much interference in its day to day functioning . the agriculturists were touted as the major reason for its deteriorating accruals , while theft of electricity during the transmission and distribution stage was conveniently camouflaged under this head . in the recent past , the government has authorised mseb to take steps to curb this misuse of power by its own officials , many of whom , including a chief engineer have suffered suspensions",0,enron india newsdesk april rd newsclips vince sound articles appears ene ready exit india alternately get arbitration battle scheduled time discuss regards sandeep forwarded sandeep kohli enron development nikita varma nikita varma enron development enron development cc bcc sandeep kohli enron development subject enron india newsdesk april rd newsclips april http www financialexpress com fe fed html godbole report unearths absurd calculations maharashtra could use wriggle dabhol project sucheta dalal april http www financialexpress com fe newsl html dpc board set authorise president enron md issue notice termination sanjay jog scrapping power purchase agreement monday april http www business standard com today corp asp menu dpc seeks ok exit power project tamal bandyopadhyay ravindran april http www cybernoon com index html enron winding operations india state consolidating dpc arbitration notices sanjay jog monday april http www financialexpress com fe news html monday april http www economictimes com today econo htm maharashtra set experts panel enron article also appeared following newspaper business standard april http www business standard com today state asp menu maharashtra set expert panel enron april http www economictimes com today econo htm enron national problem april http www cybernoon com index html cm takes enron delhi today monday april http www outlookindia com full asp fname enron f fodname sid real story dabhol judicial probe suggested committee ordered enron deal could embarrass three governments ranjit bhushan monday april http www business standard com today state asp menu mseb revenue collections rs crore march renni abraham financial express april godbole report unearths absurd calculations maharashtra could use wriggle dabhol project sucheta dalal finally quit india time enron though controversial multinational denied plans sell stake dabhol power company dpc informed sources say sent feelers china light deliberately uses expensive raw material ignoring world bank warnings worked fanciful demand supply estimates several legal requirements permissions fact committee found mseb paying enron rs crore every year comprises overcharging rs crore account large regassification plant per cent capacity used dpc also rs crore extra billing mseb shipping harbour charges although cost facilities included capital recovery charge charging twice operations maintenance rate stipulated government india enron collects approximately rs crore extra every year also collecting rs crore every year inflated fuel consumption claims enron charging kcal kwh power purchase agreement ppa although equipment manufacturer guaranteed much lower consumption rate gives fat fuel arbitrage opportunity cost people maharashtra committee also pointed strange practice using four different exchange rates different aspects project negotiation rate rs per dollar assumed calculating debt service rupee loans rs per dollar reference rate phase rs per dollar reference rate phase ii curious rs per dollar calculating government india tariff forcing reduction excessive charges nothing contract cancellation needs tough negotiation public pressure political establishment godbole committee established dpc tariffs easily halved excess payments eliminated unfair conditions dollarisation payments take pay clause escrow facility fact hampering mseb reform particularly power distribution scrapped security future payments dpc restructured tariff would based increased cash flows reformed distribution system committee also gives enron difficult escape route says multinational finds conditions restructuring onerous free mseb contractual obligations find buyers outside maharashtra committee tried establish another precedent projects negotiated government public right know contracted behalf recommended documents including contracts related independent power projects ipps particularly dpc published maharashtra government within two months also established demand supply estimates state government fanciful committee asked mseb defer negotiations power producers demand levels state permit full absorption power generation ipps recommends negotiations accordance least cost plan spelt report also end hectic lobbying reliance patalganga mittals bhadravati bses saphale others set ipps maharashtra financial express april dpc board set authorise president enron md issue notice termination sanjay jog scrapping power purchase agreement board directors dabhol power company dpc already taken aggressive posture proposed authorise enron india managing director k wade cline dpc president chief executive officer neil mcgregor issue notices termination power purchase agreement ppa transfer dabhol project view continuing default state central governments maharashtra state electricity board mseb board directors would meet april london also plans appoint mr cline true lawful attorney fact authorise represent company negotiation project contracts financing agreements amendments modifications top sources told financial express dpc would authorise mr cline mr mcgregor serve preliminary termination notices transfer notices state central governments mseb clause schedule ppa response continuing default mseb payment obligations ppa failure government maharashtra honour obligations guarantee state support agreement failure government india honour obligations counter guarantee company sought recourse dispute resolution initiated conciliation arbitration proceedings company resolution said consistent recourse contractual remedies company seeks authority serve preliminary termination notices transfer notices pursuant clause schedule ppa time time time upon occurrence event giving rise right serve notices determined company resolution added according resolution directors company secretary officers company acting individually authorised empowered execute deliver documents instruments take actions deem fit effect purpose resolution name behalf company backdrop state government mseb exploring possibilities issuing termination notice dpc failure meet contractual obligations ppa state government mseb sources said notice could served mseb dpc paid rebate penalty rs crore misdeclaration default availability power january february state government mseb reviewed position saturday meeting convened chief minister vilasrao deshmukh view strong case substantial grounds slap termination notice dpc dpc move appoint mr k wade cline true lawful attorney fact deserves importance especially state government proposes set negotiating committee cut per unit cost gauge possibility sale dabhol power power deficit states mr cline would also authorised dispose equipment worn obsolete equipment fuel longer expected used ordinary course amounts exceeding rs crore equivalent foreign currency financial year furthermore mr cline would position enter contracts take actions purpose relating day day operation company business exercise rights discharge obligations project contracts financing agreements business standard monday april dpc seeks ok exit power project tamal bandyopadhyay otherwise complete exercise added deshmukh mseb team scheduled meet union finance minister yashwant sinha power minister suresh prabhu monday new delhi discuss stalemate find acceptable solution meeting sinha prabhu request take initiative send representatives negotiations committee said deshmukh meeting centre comes crucial stage dpc lenders would meeting london day decide upon future finances controversy marred mw project dabhol moreover dpc board also scheduled meet april london decide fate million project dabhol including winding operations meeting would discuss topmost item agenda empower dpc managing director neil mcgregor wind operations country dpc already slapped one conciliation notice centre three arbitration notices state government non payment dues amounting rs crore plus interest towards bills due months december january asked whether centre send feel possible clubbing together arbitration conciliation processes deshmukh replied negative deshmukh said mseb chairman vinay bansal along two senior officials would attend dpc board meeting london bansal said sunday mseb would present case concerning rs crore penalty loss making board slapped dpc february generating required power within stipulated time per ppa currently enron india holds per cent million dpc project includes mseb per cent general electric bechtel hold per cent pti economic times april enron national problem union power minister suresh prabhu sunday said centre would render possible help resolve enron crisis faced maharashtra haunting entire country prabhu said would meet state chief minister vilasrao deshmukh new delhi tomorrow discuss stalemate payments due us energy major promoted dhabol power company maharashtra state electricity board referring godbole committee report finding dpc keen offering mseb per cent stake national thermal power corporation prabhu said centre received proposal regarding participation central power utility pti afternoon april cm takes enron delhi today chief minister vilasrao deshmukh discuss enron imbroglio union finance minister yashwant sinha union power minister suresh prabhu delhi today request centre appoint representative committee state government setting carry discussions negotiations regarding dabhol power project us based enron power company today special meeting representatives finanicial institutions extended loans dabhol power project also held london meeting directors held wednesday discuss fate million project cloud ever since inception yesterday mr prabhu declared janata darbar thane centre would extend help solve enron crisis backdrop pending bills tune rs crore state fowarded centre payments months december january confirming proposal state government handover project centre mr prabhu said situation electricity boards country precarious centre decided assist maharashtra upto rs crore every year improve customer services outlook monday april real story dabhol judicial probe suggested committee ordered enron deal could embarrass three governments ranjit bhushan committee prima facie found infirmities several decisions taken respect enron project different points time successive governments agencies centre state energy review committee headed former home secretary madhav godbole could well real enron story five member high powered committee headed madhav godbole including former union economic affairs secretary e sarma hdfc chairman deepak parekh teri chairman rajendrapachauri maharashtra government official vinay mohan lal recommended judicial probe entire enron power project deal saying signified utter failure governance seems characterised almost every step decision making process relating dabhol project report submitted maharashtra government last fortnight acquired outlook severely critical former chief minister sharad pawar congress day bjp led union government reworked deal shiv sena supremo balasaheb thackeray government maharashtra headed manohar joshi utter failure governance seems characterised almost every step decision making relating dabhol project madhav godbole committee report investigation ordered could embarrass least three governments report clearly upholds allegations money paid enron politicians bureaucrats clinching deal according committee deal reveals failure governance centre state across different agencies strains belief accept widespread consistent failure execute responsibilities purely coincidental report said proposing set measures implemented something project retrieved godbole sarma also felt panel categorically recommend government india order judicial inquiry finally adopted says congress leader enron could well become biggest political issue maharashtra put question liberalisation particularly power sector proposal already struck panic says ncp praful patel enron decision detrimental haste phase cleared shiv sena bjp government state already entered agreement enron important thing resolve amicably judicial inquiry eyewash issue corruption perception pro market congressmen privately admit governments centre state invited enron even though second phase cleared bjp shiv sena combine says congress spokesperson jaipal reddy right involved parliament deadlock tehelka pro liberalisation congress mps also fear witch hunting could send wrong signals foreign investors non congress mps maharashtra meanwhile claim godbole committee instituted express purpose politicising enron issue think know vilasrao deshmukh gameplan says mp state mps like congress prithviraj chavan question cloak secrecy surrounded deal maintained long judicial committee examine committee report also says enron project subjected techno economic appraisal envisaged provisions electricity supply act related legislations infirmities could avoided since done questions concerted effort towards exercising undue influence every stage project bound arise exhaustive page report points highlight speed day vajpayee government cleared project minutes quit says congress mp prithviraj chavan enron project held exemplar impending liberalisation early despite several controversies established power project dabhol km south mumbai july enron signed mou maharashtra state electricity board mseb set mw station part government fast track projects subsequently shiv sena bjp came power maharashtra filed writ project curiously led renegotiations enron committee quoted bombay high court order renegotiated deal gom decided revive project acted manner predecessors office done forgot competitive bidding transparency speed negotiating group studied project made proposal renegotiatons accepted dabhol unprecedented says chavan would particularly like highlight speed day vajpayee government centre endorsed renegotiated project minutes resigned since commissioning plant may mseb paid rs crore power bought dabhol watttage power bought indian built power plants fired indigenous coal payment would approximately rs crore first year half operation dpc drained maharashtra exchequer nearly rs crore central electricity authority cea fact pointed dabhol plant least costly option mseb inexpensive alternatives like four units kaparkheda preliminary stage report notes mseb made efforts seriously pursue projects might remained preliminary stages adds members opinion mseb maharashtra government erred seriously based information available time proceeding dpc base load factor even capacity reduced failure seems compounded laxity union power ministry finance ministry cea quotes cea saying since union finance ministry found tariff reasonable examination required strangely bal thackeray shiv sena came power together bjp maharashtra filed writ court renegotiated deal new shiv sena bjp government took cm manohar joshi appointed renegotiating committee made right noises actually managing reduce tariff certain things remained inexplicable fresh clearances required cea also said since cost increase involved fresh formal clearance necessary says committee adds strength suspicion cea consider economic aspects project indeed given non availability official record meeting june committee nature letter dated december committee doubtful whether economic aspects dpc discussed credibility shiv sena bjp government seriously questioned committee finds unexplicable sic mention reduction capital cost project million million agreed dpc summary report renegotiating committee panel observes says lawyer prashant bhushan strange shiv sena bjp government first filed writ court coolly renegotiated deal committee spells losses incurred deal subsequent commissioning dpc financial deterioration mseb rapid mseb profit plunged huge losses rs crore significantly world bank predicted system inherent weaknesses letter written power secretary r vasudevan top bank official said detailed review analytical framework costing assumptions reconfirm earlier conclusion dabhol project presently formulated economically justified assessment project large enter mseb system proposed base load operation could result uneconomic plant dispatch already existing lower variable cost coal power would replaced higher cost lng power enron persistence gullibility indian side gauged high ranking enron official joe sutton letter key indian official ajit nimbalkar recently met world bank following articles india papers feel world bank opinion changed engage pr firm hopefully manage media project solid support agencies washington key question enron deal whether developed state like maharashtra needs outside intervention power sector first time godbole committee raised objections viability project according report mseb one better performing boards country despite faulty transmission distribution system managed consistently earn net revenue surpluses accrual basis maharashtra accounts nearly one fourth gross value india industrial sector one states achieve per cent electrification since mseb adding generation improvement largely due renovation modernisation undertaken mseb exceeded expectations time dpc considered report points following policy cross subsidy roughly nine ten users subsidised gap average cost supply average realisation much fact subsidy claim decreased rs crore rs crore increased nearly five fold rs crore due sudden increase gap paise per unit paise increase per cent increase subsidy claim rs crore due increase gap principally increase power purchase costs says committee adding without dpc without problems loss mseb could financially healthy happen since enron stay committee come far reaching recommendations make public dabhol related documents agreements restructure dabhol project bring cost power restructure dpc financially allow sale dpc power outside maharashtra examine ppas accordance least cost plans thoroughly reform mseb committee know become reality political consensus forming public opinion question achieved unstable political environment priya sahgal making scam centre invites enron set fast track power project dec first ppa signed mseb enron starts construction sena bjp govt scraps enron state govt renegotiates project day vajpayee govt approves counter guarantee may state cabinet clears ppa may phase commissioned jul financial closure phase ii oct mseb defaults payment subsequently stops paying monthly bills feb enron invokes central government counter guarantee business standard monday april mseb revenue collections rs crore march renni abraham maharashtra state electricity board mseb revenue collections march stood record rs crore largely due disconnection drive defaulter connections pegged nearly disconnections month resulted compliance consumers dabhol power company dpc monthly financial burden issue topic discussion among arbitrators negotiating table mseb turned putting house order ward criticism fiscal condition could termed facilitator entire dpc tariff crisis state electricity board put matters relating performance record instance mseb recorded highest power generation year ended march units compared previous year units making top seb country respect similarly power stations recorded highest availability percentage per cent last fiscal plant load factor per cent compared per cent parli power station recorded highest ever generation ten years life time million units made eligible meritorious productivity award eligibility guidelines issued government india carrying cash award rs lakh power stations state without exception also fulfill eligibility criteria cash award senior mseb official said similarly chandrapur power station became first power station state electricity board get iso certification senior mseb official said earlier mseb suffering much interference day day functioning agriculturists touted major reason deteriorating accruals theft electricity transmission distribution stage conveniently camouflaged head recent past government authorised mseb take steps curb misuse power officials many including chief engineer suffered suspensions
"Subject: meeting confirmation / discussion points  fyi .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  08 / 03 / 2000 08 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  david foti @ ees  08 / 02 / 2000 05 : 06 pm  to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , minal dalia / hou / ees @ ees , sanjay  agarwal / hou / ees @ ees , naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc : scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees  subject : meeting confirmation / discussion points  tariff var project kick - off meeting  time : 8 / 3 ; 2 - 3 pm  location : eb 612  = = = = = = = = = = = = =  per the 8 / 2 lunch meeting between research , rac , and the tariff group , there  developed a consensus to :  develop a high level value - at - risk model within a 4 - 8 week time frame to use  for initial risk measurement and hedging purposes  accommodate links for critical variables such as interest rates , load growth ,  and inflation  provide "" knobs "" for less quantifiable factors such as rate case frequency ,  rate methodology , etc .  collaborate with the tariff forecasting team , to have consistent assumptions  and logic .  proposed agenda for our meeting :  discuss the relationship of this project to other ongoing projects  review existing t & d forecast model ( decide whether it ' s a starting point or  not - attached for your review )  discuss approach ( methodology and technology )  assign responsibilities  develop project guidelines and timeline  see worksheets , "" diagram "" , "" graph "" , "" exposure """,0,meeting confirmation discussion points fyi forwarded pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect david foti ees pm pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect minal dalia hou ees ees sanjay agarwal hou ees ees naveen andrews corp enron enron cc scott stoness hou ees ees subject meeting confirmation discussion points tariff var project kick meeting time pm location eb per lunch meeting research rac tariff group developed consensus develop high level value risk model within week time frame use initial risk measurement hedging purposes accommodate links critical variables interest rates load growth inflation provide knobs less quantifiable factors rate case frequency rate methodology etc collaborate tariff forecasting team consistent assumptions logic proposed agenda meeting discuss relationship project ongoing projects review existing forecast model decide whether starting point attached review discuss approach methodology technology assign responsibilities develop project guidelines timeline see worksheets diagram graph exposure
"Subject: real option conference  vince ,  i was brought to my attention that an interesting real option conference  is taking place in march 27 - 28 . i would like to attend this conference  if possible .  thanks .  alex",0,real option conference vince brought attention interesting real option conference taking place march would like attend conference possible thanks alex
"Subject: re : eprm  julie ,  sorry for the delay . i was traveling a lot the last few days .  i shall send back my comments by saturday morning my time .  vince  "" julie "" on 10 / 13 / 2000 04 : 34 : 17 am  to : "" vincejkaminski ""  cc : "" lc "" , "" chris ""  subject : eprm  vince ,  ?  could you please provide me with an indication on whether you will be able  to review the latest eprm article in the next day or so ? ?  ?  look forward to hearing from you shortly .  ?  julie",0,eprm julie sorry delay traveling lot last days shall send back comments saturday morning time vince julie vincejkaminski cc lc chris subject eprm vince could please provide indication whether able review latest eprm article next day look forward hearing shortly julie
"Subject: proj . x analytics diligence  paul ,  vince and i spent some time thinking about the diligence process for the  trading analytics . there is a limited amount that can be accomplished in a  two day time period . i think a reasonable start would be the following :  1 . obtain an audited history of the trading strategies which have been  implemented in order to verify profitability , and p / l volatility of each .  2 . review needed working capital and risk capital requirements and compare  these to projections for trading income .  3 . review current level of access to electronic markets and verify that a  change of ownership would not have adverse consequences , i . e . are there  guarantees of continued access using the current systems ?  4 . review feasibility of entry into proposed new markets ? it is far from  clear that there will be any synergy with most commodity markets given the  current limited "" electronic "" liquidity .  5 . review , at least qualitatively , the current trading strategies being  used . try to develop some estimate of how fast the profitability of these  strategies will disappear as other ' s implement similar trading models . what  is the trade off between trade quantity and slippage .  6 . review the methodology used to generate new trading strategies which will  be needed to replace the current models as they become unprofitable and  outdated .  7 . try to determine if there will be any value in transfer of trading  technology to enron ' s other markets , given the illiquidity of these markets  as compared to the financial equity markets .  if there were a sufficiently long time horizon for our analysis , we would  probably want to run their system on a test set of data .  let me know if you have other suggestions .  - - stinson",0,proj x analytics diligence paul vince spent time thinking diligence process trading analytics limited amount accomplished two day time period think reasonable start would following obtain audited history trading strategies implemented order verify profitability p l volatility review needed working capital risk capital requirements compare projections trading income review current level access electronic markets verify change ownership would adverse consequences e guarantees continued access using current systems review feasibility entry proposed new markets far clear synergy commodity markets given current limited electronic liquidity review least qualitatively current trading strategies used try develop estimate fast profitability strategies disappear implement similar trading models trade trade quantity slippage review methodology used generate new trading strategies needed replace current models become unprofitable outdated try determine value transfer trading technology enron markets given illiquidity markets compared financial equity markets sufficiently long time horizon analysis would probably want run system test set data let know suggestions stinson
"Subject: org announcement - enron global markets  after having conducted our first of several business reviews , enron global  markets - office of the chairman would like to outline the following  organizational changes effective immediately .  the global risk markets group under jere overdyke illustrates enormous  opportunities given the size of those businesses . to better focus on the  different commercial functions and to capture market share and value , the  group is being realigned . jere will continue to manage global risk markets  and build on our insurance capabilities . mark tawney is responsible for our  weather business and will now report to the egm office of the chairman .  brent price will be joining enron global markets as vice president of  operations and chief accounting officer . he will report to the egm office of  the chairman , and to sally beck , vice president of global risk management  operations . in his role as chief accounting officer , brent will also report  to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer for  enron corp . reporting to brent in his new position will be sheila glover ,  business controller for financial products ; todd hall , business controller  for weather ; and scott earnest , business controller for global products and  coal . in addition , tom myers will join brent ' s management team as director  of accounting . brent and his team are responsible for all accounting , risk  reporting and trading operations for all the businesses within egm .  cindy skinner will join the enron global markets team with responsibility for  human resources . she will also report to david oxley and the hr organization .  please join us in congratulating everyone in their assignments .",0,org announcement enron global markets conducted first several business reviews enron global markets office chairman would like outline following organizational changes effective immediately global risk markets group jere overdyke illustrates enormous opportunities given size businesses better focus different commercial functions capture market share value group realigned jere continue manage global risk markets build insurance capabilities mark tawney responsible weather business report egm office chairman brent price joining enron global markets vice president operations chief accounting officer report egm office chairman sally beck vice president global risk management operations role chief accounting officer brent also report rick causey executive vice president chief accounting officer enron corp reporting brent new position sheila glover business controller financial products todd hall business controller weather scott earnest business controller global products coal addition tom myers join brent management team director accounting brent team responsible accounting risk reporting trading operations businesses within egm cindy skinner join enron global markets team responsibility human resources also report david oxley hr organization please join us congratulating everyone assignments
"Subject: re : personal  dear mr . kaminski :  thank you very much for meeting with me again today over lunch . i appreciated  the opportunity to catch up with you .  please find attached my current resume ( both a short and a long version ) . i  have worked as a trader , portfolio risk manager , and a stock analyst . i have  traded derivatives , bonds , and stocks , and managed insurance and pension  investment portfolios to maximize risk - adjusted returns . let me highlight  some of my work experiences .  trading and risk management  a . . structured , negotiated , and traded otc interests rate swaps ,  cross - currency swaps , swaptions , and exchange - traded equity index futures and  options . made powerpoint presentations to garp and the uoh on credit  derivatives .  b . . developed investment hedging program utilizing exchanged - traded bond  futures and interest rate swaps .  c . . traded and managed pension and insurance fixed income portfolios to  maximize total return and funding ratios . bonds traded : treasuries , agencies ,  mbs / cmos , abs , corporate , yankees , and foreign .  d . . traded and managed stock mutual portfolios for total return .  e . . created a computer program to quantify the attribution of total  return for fixed income portfolios relative to market returns .  f . . programmed investment compliance rules to monitor the management of  domestic and global stock , bond and money market mutual funds .  g . . supervised market risks , credit risks , legal risks , and operations  risks of derivatives , bonds , money market securities , and equities .  policy , reporting and projects  a . . developed investment policy guidelines to manage fixed income  portfolios .  b . . rewrote derivatives policy manual .  c . . prepared a 20 - page powerpoint slide presentation on india for the  senior management .  d . . prepared and presented investment reports to cios , investment  committees , and boards of trustees  i shall , therefore , appreciate your help in connecting me with the right  individual within enron for a job interview to work as a financial  trader / risk manager . i can provide excellent references upon request .  thank you for the lunch .  sincerely ,  maruti d . more , cfa  713 - 722 - 7199  more @ insync . net  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : more  date : tuesday , january 25 , 2000 12 : 39 pm  subject : re : fw : luncheon meeting : asap  hello ,  i shall be traveling this week . i shall be glad to meet  you for lunch next week . please give me a call monday  at 713 853 3848 .  vince  "" more "" on 01 / 25 / 2000 10 : 27 : 09 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : fw : luncheon meeting : asap  dear mr . kaminski :  just to bring you up to date . i am no longer with american general . i  shall ,  therefore , appreciate an opportunity to meet with you for lunch at the  earliest  possible time . i can be reached at 713 - 722 - 7199 .  thank you .  maruti more  713 - 722 - 7199  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : more  to : vince j kaminski  date : friday , december 17 , 1999 8 : 55 pm  subject : re : luncheon meeting  thank you for your response . i was very happy to hear from you .  i am also taking next week off and will be back to work on december 27 th .  please do call me when you get back . would very much appreciate the  opportunity  to have a quick lunch with you , if possible . hope everything is going  well .  have wonderful christmas holidays .  regards  maruti more  713 - 831 - 6209 ( o )  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : more  cc : vince j kaminski  date : friday , december 17 , 1999 3 : 35 pm  subject : re : luncheon meeting  hello ,  i shall be taking a few days off around xmas . i shall call you at the  end of  december  when i get back to the office .  with best holiday wishes ,  vince  "" more "" on 12 / 01 / 99 09 : 28 : 09 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : luncheon meeting  dear mr . kaminski :  how are you doing ? i want to find out if we can meet again for a quick  lunch .  you might know that in maharashtra , india there is now a new chief  minister  ( ceo of the state government ) . i am proud to say that he and i are  from the  same  town , latur .  i would really enjoy talking with you again , at your convenience .  i will call you tomorrow to follow up .  thank you .  sincerely ,  maruti more  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : more  cc : vince j kaminski ; vkaminski @ aol . com  date : thursday , july 01 , 1999 6 : 16 am  subject : re : luncheon meeting  dear mr . more ,  let ' s meet at 11 : 45 in the lobby of the enron building .  we can walk to one of the restaurants in the downtown area .  vince kaminski  ( embedded enron capital & trade resources corp .  image moved  to file : from : "" more ""  picl 7002 . pcx ) 06 / 30 / 99 10 : 38 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect  cc :  subject : luncheon meeting  dear mr . kaminski :  i am looking forward to our luncheon meeting on this friday ,  july 2 ,  1999  at  11 : 30 am . please let me know where we should meet . thank you for  taking  time  out  from your busy schedule .  sincerely ,  maruti more  tel . : 713 - 831 - 6209  - attl . htm  - bio @ home . doc  - more @ home . doc",0,personal dear mr kaminski thank much meeting today lunch appreciated opportunity catch please find attached current resume short long version worked trader portfolio risk manager stock analyst traded derivatives bonds stocks managed insurance pension investment portfolios maximize risk adjusted returns let highlight work experiences trading risk management structured negotiated traded otc interests rate swaps cross currency swaps swaptions exchange traded equity index futures options made powerpoint presentations garp uoh credit derivatives b developed investment hedging program utilizing exchanged traded bond futures interest rate swaps c traded managed pension insurance fixed income portfolios maximize total return funding ratios bonds traded treasuries agencies mbs cmos abs corporate yankees foreign traded managed stock mutual portfolios total return e created computer program quantify attribution total return fixed income portfolios relative market returns f programmed investment compliance rules monitor management domestic global stock bond money market mutual funds g supervised market risks credit risks legal risks operations risks derivatives bonds money market securities equities policy reporting projects developed investment policy guidelines manage fixed income portfolios b rewrote derivatives policy manual c prepared page powerpoint slide presentation india senior management prepared presented investment reports cios investment committees boards trustees shall therefore appreciate help connecting right individual within enron job interview work financial trader risk manager provide excellent references upon request thank lunch sincerely maruti cfa insync net original message vince j kaminski date tuesday january pm subject fw luncheon meeting asap hello shall traveling week shall glad meet lunch next week please give call monday vince vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject fw luncheon meeting asap dear mr kaminski bring date longer american general shall therefore appreciate opportunity meet lunch earliest possible time reached thank maruti original message vince j kaminski date friday december pm subject luncheon meeting thank response happy hear also taking next week back work december th please call get back would much appreciate opportunity quick lunch possible hope everything going well wonderful christmas holidays regards maruti original message vince j kaminski cc vince j kaminski date friday december pm subject luncheon meeting hello shall taking days around xmas shall call end december get back office best holiday wishes vince pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject luncheon meeting dear mr kaminski want find meet quick lunch might know maharashtra india new chief minister ceo state government proud say town latur would really enjoy talking convenience call tomorrow follow thank sincerely maruti original message vince j kaminski cc vince j kaminski vkaminski aol com date thursday july subject luncheon meeting dear mr let meet lobby enron building walk one restaurants downtown area vince kaminski embedded enron capital trade resources corp image moved file picl pcx pm vince j kaminski hou ect cc subject luncheon meeting dear mr kaminski looking forward luncheon meeting friday july please let know meet thank taking time busy schedule sincerely maruti tel attl htm bio home doc home doc
"Subject: telephone interview with enron corp . research  good morning amyn :  the enron corp . research group would like to conduct a telephone  interview with you at your convenience . this will be as a "" summer  intern "" with the research group .  please let me know your availability on monday , may lst or thursday ;  may 4 th .  the persons who will be interviewing you are :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  krishna krishnarao director  osman sezgen manager  i look forward to hearing from you .  thank you and have a great day  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  713 - 852 - 5290",0,telephone interview enron corp research good morning amyn enron corp research group would like conduct telephone interview convenience summer intern research group please let know availability monday may lst thursday may th persons interviewing vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president krishna krishnarao director osman sezgen manager look forward hearing thank great day shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator
"Subject: re : greeting from charles  happy new year to you as well , charles . i have not heard anything from  vince ; let me check with him , and i will be back in touch with you .  molly  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : charles shen  01 / 07 / 2001 10 : 41 am  to : molly . magee @ enron . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : greeting from charles  dear molly :  happy new year ! haven  , t talked to you for a while ,  hope you and your family had a great holiday . i can  , t  believe we are already in 2001 !  i remember we had talk last december , and you were  basically waiting for the response from vince , have  you heard anything back from vince yet ? since we are  already in january , i really hope we can move forward .  if you have any questions , please feel free to call me  at 918 - 409 - 4308 . thank you .  sincerely ,  charles  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! photos - share your holiday photos online !  http : / / photos . yahoo . com /",0,greeting charles happy new year well charles heard anything vince let check back touch molly enron capital trade resources corp charles shen molly magee enron com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject greeting charles dear molly happy new year talked hope family great holiday believe already remember talk last december basically waiting response vince heard anything back vince yet since already january really hope move forward questions please feel free call thank sincerely charles yahoo yahoo photos share holiday photos online http photos yahoo com
Subject: some of the largest membership sites for free  get porn for free  free password to :  18 asian  huge tits xxx  free amateur hotties  free teen hotties  free and kinky  free farm sluts  free n ' famous  adults only  diligent ,1,largest membership sites free get porn free free password asian huge tits xxx free amateur hotties free teen hotties free kinky free farm sluts free n famous adults diligent
"Subject: address for recommendations  vince ,  please forward the recommendations to the following address :  2569 windbreak dr .  alexandria , va 22306  don ' t forget to label each envelope , e . g . "" columbia "" , etc . , and to sign  each envelope over the adhesive seal . i must receive the package  before the new year in order to meet the submission deadline .  thank you for your time , and happy holidays .  - hector",0,address recommendations vince please forward recommendations following address windbreak dr alexandria va forget label envelope e g columbia etc sign envelope adhesive seal must receive package new year order meet submission deadline thank time happy holidays hector
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe illustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  josefine ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professional adobe premiere pro corel designer quickbooks professional edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere eiements corel painter lx adobe illustrator cs adobe indesiqn cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cooi production studio aiias motion builder professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop eiements adobe premiere pro learn sincereiy josefine
"Subject: norton systemworks 2002 final clearance 1093  norton systemworks 2002 software suite  professional edition  6 feature - packed utilities , 1 great price  a $ 300 . 00 + combined retail value for only $ 29 . 99 !  protect your computer and your valuable information !  don ' t allow yourself to fall prey to destructive viruses !  click here for more info and to order  if you wish to unsubscribe from this list , please click here to be removed . ",1,norton systemworks final clearance norton systemworks software suite professional edition feature packed utilities great price combined retail value protect computer valuable information allow fall prey destructive viruses click info order wish unsubscribe list please click removed
"Subject: interview with norberto valdes  hello all :  norberto telephoned me this morning and will not be able to come on  friday , may 5 th . we have rescheduled the interview for monday , may 1 .  the times are as follows :  vasant shanbhogue 1 : 00 pm  vince kaminski 1 : 15 pm  clayton vernon 1 : 30 pm  stinson gibner 1 : 45 pm  tanya tamarchenko 2 : 00 pm  grant masson 2 : 15 pm  they will be conducted in ebl 938  thanks !  shirley",0,interview norberto valdes hello norberto telephoned morning able come friday may th rescheduled interview monday may times follows vasant shanbhogue pm vince kaminski pm clayton vernon pm stinson gibner pm tanya tamarchenko pm grant masson pm conducted ebl thanks shirley
"Subject: we are one of the world leading legal sources for male impotence treatments  your on - line guide in pills world .  blessed are those who can give without remembering , and take without forgetting .  beauty in things exist in the mind which contemplates them .  it is pleasant at times to play the madman .",1,one world leading legal sources male impotence treatments line guide pills world blessed give without remembering take without forgetting beauty things exist mind contemplates pleasant times play madman
"Subject: re : presentation  thanks !  you are probably familar with the format . . . 15 - 20 minutes for the  presentation  followed by 20 - 30 minutes for q & a .  see you at 7 : 30 am thursday in the lobby of the sonesta for breakfast !  ghw  "" vince j kaminski "" on 03 / 31 / 2000 12 : 48 : 58 pm  to : george wayne @ fpl  cc : "" vince j kaminski "" , vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : presentation  george ,  this is the presentation i promised .  vince  ( see attached file : fplo 400 . ppt )  - fplo 400 . ppt",0,presentation thanks probably familar format minutes presentation followed minutes q see thursday lobby sonesta breakfast ghw vince j kaminski pm george wayne fpl cc vince j kaminski vkaminski aol com subject presentation george presentation promised vince see attached file fplo ppt fplo ppt
"Subject: meeting with dale nesbitt - altos management partners  the meeting with dale nesbitt has now been scheduled for 2 : 00 pm tuesday ,  november 7 , in eb 49 c 2 video conference room . your attendance is welcomed .  jng",0,meeting dale nesbitt altos management partners meeting dale nesbitt scheduled pm tuesday november eb c video conference room attendance welcomed jng
"Subject: breaking biotech news  hey , i thought you might want to take a look at gtha  could genethera become the next darling of biotech ' as they announce collaborations with industry giant beckman coulter ?  breaking biotech news :  genethera inc . to collaborate with biotech giant beckman coulter inc .  - genethera news release july 11 th , 2005 .  genethera inc . ( otc . bb : gtha ) a molecular biotech company located in wheat ridge , co . granted first right of refusal to beckman coulter , inc . ( nyc : bec $ 63 . 34 ) to license genethera ' s patented technology for developing live - animal ' genetic diagnostic tests .  this is a significant milestone for genethera . beckman coulter is one of the world ' s leading manufacturers of biomedical testing systems , tests and supplies . our collaboration will unite the expertise of beckman coulter with the cutting edge technology of genethera .  - dr . antonio milici , m . d . , ph . d . genethera inc .  genethera provides genetic diagnostic solutions for the veterinary and agricultural industries with future plans to include the healthcare industry . the company was formed to realize the commercial potential of molecular diagnostic assays using roche ' s f - pcr technology to detect the presence of infectious disease from the blood of animals , particularly live animals . this platform enables  genethera to offer tests that are presently not available from any other technology . future plans include all infectious disease potentially affecting domesticated livestock as well as wildlife intended for human consumption with priority being given to mad cow , johne ' s and foot and mouth diseases in cattle . genethera has successfully developed the ability to detect both mad cow disease and chronic wasting disease ( cwd ) also known as mad deer or elk .  free information reguarding stocks !  e - mail  first name  last name  phone number  view full report  view full report  company : genethera inc .  symbol : gtha  exchange : otc . bb  recent price : $ 0 . 90  outstanding shares : 21 mil website : www . genethera . net  prior to the 1 st case of mad cow , u . s . beef exports in 2003 in the us were valued at near $ 6 billion . most of the export dollars have since been lost with the international us beef ban imposed in 2004 .  over 90 million cattle are in feedlots in the u . s .  over 35 million cattle have been slaughtered in the u . s . annually  beckman coulter , inc . is a leading manufacturer of biomedical testing instrument  systems , tests and supplies that simplify and automate laboratory processes . spanning the biomedical testing continuum - - from pioneering medical research and clinical trials to laboratory diagnostics and point - of - care testing - - beckman coulter ' s 200 , 000 installed systems provide essential biomedical information to enhance health care around the world . the company , based in fullerton , calif . , reported 2004 annual sales of $ 2 . 4 billion with 64 percent of this amount generated by recurring revenue from supplies , test kits and services . for more information , visit www . beckmancoulter . com .  we are looking forward to working with genethera to identify commercial applications of their technology .  - chris neary , general manager , prion business center , beckman coulter , inc .  in most countries around the globe , the discovery of a cow with mad cow disease ' leads to the immediate slaughter of hundreds , even thousands of cattle out of wide spread fear of disease spread and the need to complete disease testing on the dead animals . costly international beef recalls ' are common since mad cow ' testing ( until now ) has only been conducted after the slaughter process . genethera ' s live animal ' blood test could lead to halting of mass slaughters and widespread panic , while saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year .  through the testing of a single blood sample , genethera could end the need to slaughter entire herds of cattle and other animals for disease testing - saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year .  currently funded by an institutional money manager in southern california , genethera has plans to open laboratories worldwide to meet this exploding bse testing demand .  you want to invest in the dna revolution ? don ' t wait for customized drugs , which are years away . buy shares in a company using dna for diagnostic work .  forbes - good genes , kerry a . dolan , may 16 , 2005  new patented tests created with information gleaned from genome mapping have injected new life and higher margins ( near 75 % ) into the business . the $ 2 . 5 billion molecular diagnostics industry is expanding at a 15 % annual rate , according to consulting firm leomics associates of emerson , n . j .  genethera ( gtha ) : making their mark in biotech  genethera has just recently teamed up with biotech giant beckman coulter inc .  they are the first to market with a blood test for mad cow disease on live cattle  they have the ability to detect numerous infectious diseases utilizing genetic methods from the blood of a live animal  they are the first to market with a blood test for detecting cwd  they are presently developing a therapeutic vaccine for cwd and mad cow disease using rna interference technology  they are currently developing a blood test using the same platform for breast and prostate cancer detection with their strategic partner xpng ( xpention genetics inc . )  genethera could end beef recalls ' and potentially the slaughter of millions of animals around the globe while saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year  currently funded by an institutional money manager in southern california , genethera has plans to open laboratories worldwide to handle this growing bse testing demand .  genethera could generate revenues over $ 13 million for every 1 % of cattle tested in the usa alone  international testing figures would be staggering .  genethera technology :  genethera ' s business is based on its integrated technology platform ( itp ) that combines a proprietary diagnostic solution called gene expression assay ( gea ( tm ) ) with purivax ( tm ) , its system for analyzing large - scale dna sequencing .  the first part of this platform is the ongoing development of molecular diagnostic assays solutions using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction ( f - pcr ) technology to detect the presence of infectious disease from the blood of live animals . the second part of the itp is the development of therapeutic vaccines using rna interference technology . it also allows for the efficient , effective , and continuous testing , management and treatment of animal populations . these facts distinguish the technology from any alternative testing and management methodology available to agriculture today - - all of which require the destruction of individual animals and even entire herds . our testing and data analysis processes also allow us not only to separate infected from clean animals , but also to gain knowledge vital to development of preventative vaccines .  genethera inc . is committed to providing global access to cutting edge biotechnology services to fellow scientists in academia , the pharmaceutical industry , and the biotechnology industry . primarily , genethera ' s expertise focuses on technology relevant to animal and human immunotherapy . genethera is dedicated to furnishing dependable , high quality , cost - effective and prompt client consulting services . these services are backed by the cumulative experiences of greater than 100 years of research and development in both government and industry by genethera ' s senior scientists . genethera develops a commercial - scale implementation of adenovector purification process to support rd material production . furthermore , genethera evaluates and tests commercially available expression vectors and incorporates them into its vector repertoire . these technologies are well established within the repertoire of genethera ' s scientific staff .  genethera can uniquely detect and treat a variety of diseases in animals while they are still alive .  the company provides genetics - based diagnostic and vaccine solutions to meet the growing demands of today ' s veterinary industry and tomorrow ' s agriculture and healthcare industries . the company is organized and operated both to continually apply its scientific research to more effective management of diseases and , in so doing , realize the commercial potential of molecular biotechnology .  the core of genethera ' s operation is the ongoing development of molecular diagnostic assays using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction . ( f - pcr ) technology uses live animal blood to detect the presence of infectious diseases and for the development of vaccines for such blood born diseases . it also allows for the efficient , effective , and continuous testing , management and treatment of animal populations . these facts distinguish the technology from any alternative testing and management methodology available to agriculture today - - all of which require the destruction of individual animals and even entire herds . our testing and data analysis processes also allow us not only to separate infected from clean animals , but also to gain knowledge vital to development of preventative vaccines .  to date , genethera has successfully developed the assay ability to detect mad cow and chronic wasting disease , a disease affecting elk and deer in north america . diagnostic assays for e . coli ol 57 : h 7 and johnne ' s disease are in the final stages of development . vaccines for e . coli ol 57 : h 7 and johnne ' s disease , both of which are diseases affecting cattle , are in advanced stages of development . in the future , the company plans to expand assay application research to a wide range of diseases / animals , the immediate targets being mad cow , hoof mouth , west nile and newcastle .  genethera can detect bse using the companies patented live animal blood test that evaluates the e . d . r . f . gene sequence . the e . d . r . f . gene is proven to decrease dramatically before any tse infection is noticeable in a live animal or human . the patent gtha holds is broad based and can detect all tse diseases including mad cow ( bse ) in cattle , cwd in elk deer and creutzfeld - jacobs in humans  the company ' s patented test can detect these diseases faster than any other method developed in the marketplace and at far less a cost . the test can also be used on a mass scale using roche f - pcr , dna analyzing robotics equipment . genethera can analyze over 2000 blood samples a day with one f - pcr machine and a single technician . the project will prove highly profitable at approx $ 4 . 00 per test when wide scale commercialization is under way .  a multi - billion dollar , international demand for commercial mad cow testing has emerged around the globe .  japan conducted 3 million post - mortem rapid mad cow tests last year alone . they used the western blot developed by prionics ag in swizterland and bio - rad ' s rapid test . costs are between $ 20 and $ 40 dollars per test . most importantly , other tests in the marketplace cannot detect the disease until the animal has been killed . testing through post - mortem brain tissue exams is extremely labor intensive and costly .  japan spent between $ 60 million - $ 120 million on 3 million post mortem rapid mad cow tests in 2004 .  genethera ' s simple blood test can be collected using their patented field collection system . the sample is then mailed to the lab for testing . the company also stated in their recent 10 k that they are currently in negotiations with strategic testing partners that we believe will absorb the costs of commercializing our live animal mad cow test .  management :  dr . tony milici - chairman of the board , president ceo  dr . milici is a ph . d . in experimental hematology and m . d . in medicine and surgery , receiving degrees from university of rome ( italy ) and stanford university . his specialties include : molecular biology / biotechnology , gene therapy / molecularly oncology and molecular . he has had extensive post - graduate training that includes a fellowship in the department of clinical immunology with the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center and visiting fellow at university of rome ' s laboratory of cellular immunology and biochemistry . among his post - graduate activities , dr . milici was an assistant professor at the medical college of georgia ' s department of pharmacology toxology as well as an assistant biochemist in the department of molecular pathology at the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center in houston , tx . prior to founding genethera , inc . , dr . milici was president ceo of genetrans , inc . based in augusta , ga . , a diagnostics laboratory . for dr . milici , genethera is a realization of an ambition to demonstrate the commercial potential of molecular biotechnology .  dr . thomas j . slaga - board member  dr . slaga is a ph . d . in physiology and biophysics with undergraduate degrees in biology / chemistry . since 1999 , dr . slaga has served as an adjunct professor in the department of biochemistry molecular biology at university of colorado ' s health sciences center located in denver , co . dr . slaga ' s career is steeped in research and development roles and affiliations concentrating on cancer . examples include : chair / scientific director for cancer causation and prevention , the amc cancer research center located in denver , co ; director , professor of biochemistry at the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center ( science park - research division ) located in smithville , tx ; and group leader and research staff member , skin carcinogenesis and tumor promotion , biology division of the oak ridge national laboratory in oak ridge , tn . dr . slaga ' s blend of scientific and management experience lends to genethera ' s board an important dimension vis - - vis its development opportunities .  mr . richard w . bryans , jr . - board member - general counsel  mr . bryans is an attorney at law in denver , co . a graduate of regis university in business administration / economics , mr . bryans went on to graduate from the university of denver college of law and has been practicing law in denver for over 12 years . mr . bryans provides the genethera board with the much - valued legal perspective to benefit a young , publicly traded company . additionally , the company will be able to take advantage of mr . bryans ' legal experience in the important area of vaccine licensing that is integral to the future of genethera .  to join market movers mailings click here to find out more .  tw inc .  4636 hidden forest dr .  sarasota fl , 32430  disclaimer :  this publicly distributed email report of otc special situations report , a publication of otc growth stock watch , is a sponsored advertisement . this paid advertising issue of otc growth stock watch does not purport to provide an analysis of any company ' s financial position and is not in any way to be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . otc growth stock watch is a paid advertiser . xpention genetics inc . is the featured company . the distribution costs of this report to new subscribers , eighty thousand dollars were funded by tw inc . in an effort to create investor awareness of xpention genetics , inc . tw inc . is not a broker - dealer nor are they an investment advisor . market movers , otc growth stock watch , otc special situations report , nor is geoffrey eiten to be considered a broker - dealer though they are investment advisors . it is anticipated that this report will generate new subscriptions for growth stock watch . neither otc growth stock watch nor geoffrey eiten , the reviewer [ or analyst ] , received any compensation for this report , but both expect to receive an unknown amount of revenue from new subscriptions from the subscription offer contained herein . this report , including the opinions expressed and the statements made within , is for informational and advertising purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice and do not constitute an offer to sell any securities , and it is not soliciting an offer to buy any securities in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted . readers should consult with their own professional investment , tax and portfolio advisors before making any investment decision and should independently verify all information herein . the information used to prepare this report is believed to be from reliable sources , but no representation is made as to the accuracy or completeness of such information . investment in securities carries a high degree of risk and involves risks and uncertainties which may result in investors ' losing all of their invested capital . past performance does not guarantee future results . the information contained herein contains forward - looking statements , within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . forward - looking statements are based upon expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events to differ materially from those anticipated . forward - looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , or by statements indicating certain actions may , could , should , or might occur . any statements that express or involve predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals or future events or performance may be forward - looking statements . factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include but are not limited to adverse economic conditions , intense competition , lack of meaningful research results , inadequate capital , termination of contracts or agreements , adverse publicity and news coverage , inability to carry out research , development and commercialization plans , loss or retirement of key executives and research scientists , and other risks detailed in the company ' s reports filed with the securities and exchange commission . more complete information about xpention genetics , inc . is available from the website of the securities and exchange commission , at http : / / www . sec . gov , and copies of its filings may be read without charge at and copies obtained at prescribed rates from the public reference facilities of the commission , at 450 fifth street , nw , washington , dc 20549 .  media matrix 7025 county rd . , 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,breaking biotech news hey thought might want take look gtha could genethera become next darling biotech announce collaborations industry giant beckman coulter breaking biotech news genethera inc collaborate biotech giant beckman coulter inc genethera news release july th genethera inc otc bb gtha molecular biotech company located wheat ridge co granted first right refusal beckman coulter inc nyc bec license genethera patented technology developing live animal genetic diagnostic tests significant milestone genethera beckman coulter one world leading manufacturers biomedical testing systems tests supplies collaboration unite expertise beckman coulter cutting edge technology genethera dr antonio milici ph genethera inc genethera provides genetic diagnostic solutions veterinary agricultural industries future plans include healthcare industry company formed realize commercial potential molecular diagnostic assays using roche f pcr technology detect presence infectious disease blood animals particularly live animals platform enables genethera offer tests presently available technology future plans include infectious disease potentially affecting domesticated livestock well wildlife intended human consumption priority given mad cow johne foot mouth diseases cattle genethera successfully developed ability detect mad cow disease chronic wasting disease cwd also known mad deer elk free information reguarding stocks e mail first name last name phone number view full report view full report company genethera inc symbol gtha exchange otc bb recent price outstanding shares mil website www genethera net prior st case mad cow u beef exports us valued near billion export dollars since lost international us beef ban imposed million cattle feedlots u million cattle slaughtered u annually beckman coulter inc leading manufacturer biomedical testing instrument systems tests supplies simplify automate laboratory processes spanning biomedical testing continuum pioneering medical research clinical trials laboratory diagnostics point care testing beckman coulter installed systems provide essential biomedical information enhance health care around world company based fullerton calif reported annual sales billion percent amount generated recurring revenue supplies test kits services information visit www beckmancoulter com looking forward working genethera identify commercial applications technology chris neary general manager prion business center beckman coulter inc countries around globe discovery cow mad cow disease leads immediate slaughter hundreds even thousands cattle wide spread fear disease spread need complete disease testing dead animals costly international beef recalls common since mad cow testing conducted slaughter process genethera live animal blood test could lead halting mass slaughters widespread panic saving industry hundreds millions dollars year testing single blood sample genethera could end need slaughter entire herds cattle animals disease testing saving industry hundreds millions dollars year currently funded institutional money manager southern california genethera plans open laboratories worldwide meet exploding bse testing demand want invest dna revolution wait customized drugs years away buy shares company using dna diagnostic work forbes good genes kerry dolan may new patented tests created information gleaned genome mapping injected new life higher margins near business billion molecular diagnostics industry expanding annual rate according consulting firm leomics associates emerson n j genethera gtha making mark biotech genethera recently teamed biotech giant beckman coulter inc first market blood test mad cow disease live cattle ability detect numerous infectious diseases utilizing genetic methods blood live animal first market blood test detecting cwd presently developing therapeutic vaccine cwd mad cow disease using rna interference technology currently developing blood test using platform breast prostate cancer detection strategic partner xpng xpention genetics inc genethera could end beef recalls potentially slaughter millions animals around globe saving industry hundreds millions dollars year currently funded institutional money manager southern california genethera plans open laboratories worldwide handle growing bse testing demand genethera could generate revenues million every cattle tested usa alone international testing figures would staggering genethera technology genethera business based integrated technology platform itp combines proprietary diagnostic solution called gene expression assay gea tm purivax tm system analyzing large scale dna sequencing first part platform ongoing development molecular diagnostic assays solutions using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction f pcr technology detect presence infectious disease blood live animals second part itp development therapeutic vaccines using rna interference technology also allows efficient effective continuous testing management treatment animal populations facts distinguish technology alternative testing management methodology available agriculture today require destruction individual animals even entire herds testing data analysis processes also allow us separate infected clean animals also gain knowledge vital development preventative vaccines genethera inc committed providing global access cutting edge biotechnology services fellow scientists academia pharmaceutical industry biotechnology industry primarily genethera expertise focuses technology relevant animal human immunotherapy genethera dedicated furnishing dependable high quality cost effective prompt client consulting services services backed cumulative experiences greater years research development government industry genethera senior scientists genethera develops commercial scale implementation adenovector purification process support rd material production furthermore genethera evaluates tests commercially available expression vectors incorporates vector repertoire technologies well established within repertoire genethera scientific staff genethera uniquely detect treat variety diseases animals still alive company provides genetics based diagnostic vaccine solutions meet growing demands today veterinary industry tomorrow agriculture healthcare industries company organized operated continually apply scientific research effective management diseases realize commercial potential molecular biotechnology core genethera operation ongoing development molecular diagnostic assays using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction f pcr technology uses live animal blood detect presence infectious diseases development vaccines blood born diseases also allows efficient effective continuous testing management treatment animal populations facts distinguish technology alternative testing management methodology available agriculture today require destruction individual animals even entire herds testing data analysis processes also allow us separate infected clean animals also gain knowledge vital development preventative vaccines date genethera successfully developed assay ability detect mad cow chronic wasting disease disease affecting elk deer north america diagnostic assays e coli ol h johnne disease final stages development vaccines e coli ol h johnne disease diseases affecting cattle advanced stages development future company plans expand assay application research wide range diseases animals immediate targets mad cow hoof mouth west nile newcastle genethera detect bse using companies patented live animal blood test evaluates e r f gene sequence e r f gene proven decrease dramatically tse infection noticeable live animal human patent gtha holds broad based detect tse diseases including mad cow bse cattle cwd elk deer creutzfeld jacobs humans company patented test detect diseases faster method developed marketplace far less cost test also used mass scale using roche f pcr dna analyzing robotics equipment genethera analyze blood samples day one f pcr machine single technician project prove highly profitable approx per test wide scale commercialization way multi billion dollar international demand commercial mad cow testing emerged around globe japan conducted million post mortem rapid mad cow tests last year alone used western blot developed prionics ag swizterland bio rad rapid test costs dollars per test importantly tests marketplace detect disease animal killed testing post mortem brain tissue exams extremely labor intensive costly japan spent million million million post mortem rapid mad cow tests genethera simple blood test collected using patented field collection system sample mailed lab testing company also stated recent k currently negotiations strategic testing partners believe absorb costs commercializing live animal mad cow test management dr tony milici chairman board president ceo dr milici ph experimental hematology medicine surgery receiving degrees university rome italy stanford university specialties include molecular biology biotechnology gene therapy molecularly oncology molecular extensive post graduate training includes fellowship department clinical immunology university texas anderson cancer center visiting fellow university rome laboratory cellular immunology biochemistry among post graduate activities dr milici assistant professor medical college georgia department pharmacology toxology well assistant biochemist department molecular pathology university texas anderson cancer center houston tx prior founding genethera inc dr milici president ceo genetrans inc based augusta ga diagnostics laboratory dr milici genethera realization ambition demonstrate commercial potential molecular biotechnology dr thomas j slaga board member dr slaga ph physiology biophysics undergraduate degrees biology chemistry since dr slaga served adjunct professor department biochemistry molecular biology university colorado health sciences center located denver co dr slaga career steeped research development roles affiliations concentrating cancer examples include chair scientific director cancer causation prevention amc cancer research center located denver co director professor biochemistry university texas anderson cancer center science park research division located smithville tx group leader research staff member skin carcinogenesis tumor promotion biology division oak ridge national laboratory oak ridge tn dr slaga blend scientific management experience lends genethera board important dimension vis vis development opportunities mr richard w bryans jr board member general counsel mr bryans attorney law denver co graduate regis university business administration economics mr bryans went graduate university denver college law practicing law denver years mr bryans provides genethera board much valued legal perspective benefit young publicly traded company additionally company able take advantage mr bryans legal experience important area vaccine licensing integral future genethera join market movers mailings click find tw inc hidden forest dr sarasota fl disclaimer publicly distributed email report otc special situations report publication otc growth stock watch sponsored advertisement paid advertising issue otc growth stock watch purport provide analysis company financial position way construed offer solicitation buy sell security otc growth stock watch paid advertiser xpention genetics inc featured company distribution costs report new subscribers eighty thousand dollars funded tw inc effort create investor awareness xpention genetics inc tw inc broker dealer investment advisor market movers otc growth stock watch otc special situations report geoffrey eiten considered broker dealer though investment advisors anticipated report generate new subscriptions growth stock watch neither otc growth stock watch geoffrey eiten reviewer analyst received compensation report expect receive unknown amount revenue new subscriptions subscription offer contained herein report including opinions expressed statements made within informational advertising purposes construed investment advice constitute offer sell securities soliciting offer buy securities state jurisdiction offer sale permitted readers consult professional investment tax portfolio advisors making investment decision independently verify information herein information used prepare report believed reliable sources representation made accuracy completeness information investment securities carries high degree risk involves risks uncertainties may result investors losing invested capital past performance guarantee future results information contained herein contains forward looking statements within meaning section securities act section e securities exchange act forward looking statements based upon expectations estimates projections time statements made involve risks uncertainties could cause actual events differ materially anticipated forward looking statements may identified use words expects anticipates estimates believes statements indicating certain actions may could might occur statements express involve predictions expectations beliefs plans projections objectives goals future events performance may forward looking statements factors could cause actual results differ materially include limited adverse economic conditions intense competition lack meaningful research results inadequate capital termination contracts agreements adverse publicity news coverage inability carry research development commercialization plans loss retirement key executives research scientists risks detailed company reports filed securities exchange commission complete information xpention genetics inc available website securities exchange commission http www sec gov copies filings may read without charge copies obtained prescribed rates public reference facilities commission fifth street nw washington dc media matrix county rd dte lake mary fl e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: re : reminder  thanks . i downloaded a lot of stuff from the hbs site including cases ,  etc . looking forward to working with you .  at 03 : 15 pm 7 / 31 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote :  >  >  > john ,  >  > my new e - mail address is vkamins @ enron . com .  >  > i am compiling the information for you . i should be able to send it in a few  > days .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 07 / 28 / 2000 02 : 41 : 42 pm  >  > to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  > cc :  > subject : reminder  >  >  >  > stinson ( and vince - - don ' t think your e - mail address is correct )  >  > this is just a reminder about the "" care package "" of enron cases and  > materials that you guys were going to send to me .  >  > stinson , please convey this request on to vince because i think the e - mail  > address i have is an old one .  >  > thanks and have a great weekend .  >  > john  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,reminder thanks downloaded lot stuff hbs site including cases etc looking forward working pm wrote john new e mail address vkamins enron com compiling information able send days vince john martin pm stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject reminder stinson vince think e mail address correct reminder care package enron cases materials guys going send stinson please convey request vince think e mail address old one thanks great weekend john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: reviewer approval  please note that your employees have suggested the following people to  complete a feedback form on their behalf . you will need to access the  performance management system ( pep ) to either approve or decline these  suggested reviewers . once you have approved the suggested reviewers they  will be notified and can begin completing the feedback form .  your list of employees that have suggested reviewers are listed below :  date suggested : may 19 , 2000  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name : kollaros , alexios  date suggested : may 22 , 2000  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name : krishnarao , pinnamaneni v",0,reviewer approval please note employees suggested following people complete feedback form behalf need access performance management system pep either approve decline suggested reviewers approved suggested reviewers notified begin completing feedback form list employees suggested reviewers listed date suggested may feedback due date jun employee name kollaros alexios date suggested may feedback due date jun employee name krishnarao pinnamaneni v
"Subject: international calls for only 33 cents per minute with no subscription  dear user ,  do you ever wish you could easily call people you know in other countries  for up to 85 % less than standard call prices ? ! and then to make these savings  without having to subscribe to any low cost calling service ? ! we have now  launched a product that does exactly that !  you can now call people in most popular destinations around the world for  only 33 cents per minute ! there are no hidden charges , you do not need to  signup , use any credit cards , or pay any extra bills ! you can try this  service at no risk and choose to use it with no commitment !  to use this new service , simply dial our access number 1530 927 055 and  once connected , dial the actual international number you wish to call .  for more information and the current list of countries you can call ,  please check our website http : / / www . ireland . pd - dial . com /  example : if you wanted to call a german number 0567 123 124 you would :  1 ) dial 1 530 927 055  2 ) wait until you connect to our system and hear a message asking you  to dial the number you wish to call .  3 ) dial the full international number starting 00 . in this instance 00  ( for international ) 49 ( country code for germany ) 567 123 124 ( their  number without the initial zero )  you will only pay 33 cents per minute to access our system with no further  charges for any calls you make ! you can also use this service to make  cheap international calls from mobiles too ! however please check the  costs of calling 1530 numbers from your mobile if you are unsure .  you only ever pay for the cost of calling our access number which will  appear on your normal bill . however any international calls you make will  not appear on your bill , so you only ever pay 33 cents per minute when  using our service !  if calling from a mobile , please ensure that you do not press the green / send  key again after dialling the actual mobile number , or you will be billed  for a second call by your mobile operator .  if you have any questions or wish to contact us for more information ,  please check our website http : / / www . ireland . pd - dial . com / for details .  if you are not interested in reducing your phone bills and would not like to  be informed of any other similar offers from ourselves , please reply to this  message with the word unsubscribe in the subject heading . if you have your  email forwarded , please ensure that you unsubscribe from the actual account  email is sent to . we apologise if this message has inconvenienced you in any  way .",1,international calls cents per minute subscription dear user ever wish could easily call people know countries less standard call prices make savings without subscribe low cost calling service launched product exactly call people popular destinations around world cents per minute hidden charges need signup use credit cards pay extra bills try service risk choose use commitment use new service simply dial access number connected dial actual international number wish call information current list countries call please check website http www ireland pd dial com example wanted call german number would dial wait connect system hear message asking dial number wish call dial full international number starting instance international country code germany number without initial zero pay cents per minute access system charges calls make also use service make cheap international calls mobiles however please check costs calling numbers mobile unsure ever pay cost calling access number appear normal bill however international calls make appear bill ever pay cents per minute using service calling mobile please ensure press green send key dialling actual mobile number billed second call mobile operator questions wish contact us information please check website http www ireland pd dial com details interested reducing phone bills would like informed similar offers please reply message word unsubscribe subject heading email forwarded please ensure unsubscribe actual account email sent apologise message inconvenienced way
"Subject: re : ink prices got you down ? 11956  would you like to  save up to 80 %  on printer , fax  copier supplies ?  on  brands like -  epson  canon  hewlett  packard  lexmark  more !  100 %  quality satisfaction guarantee or your money back !  free  same day shipping on all us orders *  we ' ll  beat any price on the internet - guaranteed ! * *  click  here to order now !  or  call us toll - free at 1 - 800 - 758 - 8084 !  * free shipping only on  orders of $ 40 or more . * * we beat any online retailer ' s price by 5 % .  call us with the url ( website ) advertising the lower price and once we  verify the price , we will beat it by 5 % ! ( must be same manufacturer )  you  are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to  receive email communications regarding special online promotions or  offers . if you feel you have received this message in error , or wish to  be removed from our subscriber list , click  here . thank you and we apologize for any inconvenience . ",1,ink prices got would like save printer fax copier supplies brands like epson canon hewlett packard lexmark quality satisfaction guarantee money back free day shipping us orders beat price internet guaranteed click order call us toll free free shipping orders beat online retailer price call us url website advertising lower price verify price beat must manufacturer receiving special offer provided permission receive email communications regarding special online promotions offers feel received message error wish removed subscriber list click thank apologize inconvenience
"Subject: re : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi iris  we started off with about 105 companies , which were enron europe ' s uk power  and gas desk counterparties . i ' m not sure where you got the figure of 500  from - maybe this is the entire enron europe counterparty list , which  constitutes the next major effort for end - july .  from this list of 104 , only the 72 in the spreadsheet had information in  amadeus . the other firms had no information available , most likely because  they were too new .  ben  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 17 / 04 / 2001 19 : 37 cdt  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , mike  mumford / lon / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi again ,  thanks for the financial data on enron ' s european counterparties .  it is my understanding that you started out with a list of 500 such  counterparties . however , your spreadsheet only contains information for 72  of these european counterparties .  will you please tell me the logic behind the elimination of the 400 + other  counterparties ?  thanks so much ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : parsons , ben  sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 2 : 56 am  to : mack , iris  cc : valnek , tomas ; dhar , amitava ; mumford , mike  subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi iris  the inputs and outputs generated by riskcalc can be seen in the attached file :  >  we only looked at the 5 - yr pd .  inputs are in columns a - u . these are the inputs generated by amadeus . you can  run these inputs through the riskcalc model over the web  ( http : / / www . moodysqra . com / privfirm ) using the login : dupred , password :  detective . this is our trial licence which lasts for about 2 more weeks ( mike  mumford will have more details about the current licence )  tomas valnek was getting the data from the amadeus database , so i ' ll leave it  to him to determine if houston access is possible . in the meantime you can  use the dataset attached for testing purposes .  ben  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 12 / 04 / 2001 17 : 58 cdt  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron  subject : fw : parent - subsidary model  hi ben ,  how are you ? today we had a meeting with craig chaney and jeff kinneman to  discuss the private firm model .  they requested that i spend some time carefully analyzing the moody ' s  riskcalc model . i noticed that you also have been looking at riskcalc - as  indicated in your paper entitled "" pricing parent companies and their  subsidiaries : model description and data requirements ""  other than the example discussed in your paper , did generate any other test  statistics , scores , etc .  also , you stated that you used amadeus database . we are in the process of  trying to obtain data from various data vendors - but that may take a while .  in the mean time , may we have access to the amadeus database or some sample  dataset ?  thanks so much ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : valnek , tomas  sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 9 : 10 am  to : fiala , markus ; seyfried , bryan ; salmon , scott ; kirkpatrick , eric ;  mumford , mike ; fontaine , jean - sebastien ; brooks , simon ; price , nigel ;  diprose , robert ; rezaeian , reza ; gordon , mike ; lee , derek ; hershkovitz , ilan ;  golden , sally ; stephan , nicholas ; albanis , george ; shanbhogue , vasant ; mack ,  iris  cc : parsons , ben  subject : parent - subsidary model  attached is a description of the parent - subsidiary model that ben and i have  been working on over the last few weeks .  comments welcome !  tv  >",0,fw parent subsidary model hi iris started companies enron europe uk power gas desk counterparties sure got figure maybe entire enron europe counterparty list constitutes next major effort end july list spreadsheet information amadeus firms information available likely new ben iris mack enron enronxgate cdt ben parsons lon ect ect cc tomas valnek lon ect ect amitava dhar corp enron enron mike mumford lon ect ect vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fw parent subsidary model hi thanks financial data enron european counterparties understanding started list counterparties however spreadsheet contains information european counterparties please tell logic behind elimination counterparties thanks much iris original message parsons ben sent tuesday april mack iris cc valnek tomas dhar amitava mumford mike subject fw parent subsidary model hi iris inputs outputs generated riskcalc seen attached file looked yr pd inputs columns u inputs generated amadeus run inputs riskcalc model web http www moodysqra com privfirm using login dupred password detective trial licence lasts weeks mike mumford details current licence tomas valnek getting data amadeus database leave determine houston access possible meantime use dataset attached testing purposes ben iris mack enron enronxgate cdt ben parsons lon ect ect cc amitava dhar corp enron enron subject fw parent subsidary model hi ben today meeting craig chaney jeff kinneman discuss private firm model requested spend time carefully analyzing moody riskcalc model noticed also looking riskcalc indicated paper entitled pricing parent companies subsidiaries model description data requirements example discussed paper generate test statistics scores etc also stated used amadeus database process trying obtain data various data vendors may take mean time may access amadeus database sample dataset thanks much iris original message valnek tomas sent tuesday april fiala markus seyfried bryan salmon scott kirkpatrick eric mumford mike fontaine jean sebastien brooks simon price nigel diprose robert rezaeian reza gordon mike lee derek hershkovitz ilan golden sally stephan nicholas albanis george shanbhogue vasant mack iris cc parsons ben subject parent subsidary model attached description parent subsidiary model ben working last weeks comments welcome tv
"Subject: re : 2001 budget for research  becky ,  becky ,  i have called you this morning about it . it makes perfect sense .  vince  becky pham  11 / 21 / 2000 10 : 09 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : 2001 budget for research  can i reduce your budget based on the suggestion below ? please let me know  because our deadline is wednesday , november 22 . thanx .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by becky pham / hou / ect on 11 / 21 / 2000 10 : 08 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  becky pham  11 / 15 / 2000 02 : 58 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : 2001 budget for research  sir ,  i just got word that your bottom line needs to be 2 , 200 k . this is net of  corp charges and intercompany billings . in order to get to this number , we  have to reduce your budget by 83 k . do you have any suggestions in which  category ( ies ) we need to reduce ?  budget 10 , 521 , 000  i / c billings 8 , 238 , 000  subtotal 2 , 283 , 000  per delainey 2 , 200 , 000  need to dec by 83 , 000  here are my suggestions based on oct expenses :  category oct expense budget decrease yearly amount  periodical / subscription 5 , 200 10 , 000 3 , 000 36 , 000  tuition and reimbursement 11 , 000 21 , 000 4 , 000 48 , 000  this will bring you to the bottom line suggested by delainey . please let me  know your decision by november 21 . if you have any questions , call me at  5 - 7094 . thanx .",0,budget research becky becky called morning makes perfect sense vince becky pham vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject budget research reduce budget based suggestion please let know deadline wednesday november thanx forwarded becky pham hou ect becky pham pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject budget research sir got word bottom line needs k net corp charges intercompany billings order get number reduce budget k suggestions category ies need reduce budget c billings subtotal per delainey need dec suggestions based oct expenses category oct expense budget decrease yearly amount periodical subscription tuition reimbursement bring bottom line suggested delainey please let know decision november questions call thanx
"Subject: re :  dear navroz  thanks for getting back to me . the reason there has been a dialogue ( not , i  should point out , with nick , but with shan millie ) , is that my work is of  quite a large size , and needs to find an appropriate home . the question is  should it go into a compilation book , or somehow be published in the  magazine ? i was awaiting some feedback from risk on the best course of  action .  we were hoping to publish a cut down version in the magazine , and a full  version in risk ' s upcoming "" game choices "" book , but i ' ve heard nothing from  your organisation until now ( and i fear we ' ve now missed the boat on the game  choices book deadline ) . i ' m attaching the full internal enron document for  your reference , and i ' d appreciate your thoughts on how best to put the  article in your journal . since the subject is highly diagrammatic , i ' m  concerned that 4000 words may be too many when coupled with diagrams ! ( it is  currently only 6000 words , but is around 25 a 4 pages long . ) if you can give  me some guidance on the issue of publishing extensive diagrams as part of the  text , i ' ll get to work chopping my work around until it suits your preferred  format .  shan millie gave me some good feedback on general points of style and clarity  in my writing , but incorporating these would actually make the article longer  rather than shorter . i think you ' d better look the document over before i do  further work on it .  i look forward to your response .  many thanks ,  steve leppard  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : "" navroz patel ""  04 / 28 / 2000 03 : 25 pm  please respond to "" navroz patel ""  to :  cc :  subject :  dear steven ,  my name is navroz patel and i am the technical assistant at risk magazine . i  am contacting you with regards to your initial dialogue with nick dunbar .  we would be grateful if you could email to both of the addresses below a  copy of your ' real options ' article for our consideration .  please note that articles must have full references , be approximately 4000  words in length , and the attachment should be in ms word or pdf format .  npatel @ risk . co . uk  ndunbar @ risk . co . uk  ?  thank you for your interest .  yours sincerely ,  navroz patel .  technical assistant , risk magazine .",0,dear navroz thanks getting back reason dialogue point nick millie work quite large size needs find appropriate home question go compilation book somehow published magazine awaiting feedback risk best course action hoping publish cut version magazine full version risk upcoming game choices book heard nothing organisation fear missed boat game choices book deadline attaching full internal enron document reference appreciate thoughts best put article journal since subject highly diagrammatic concerned words may many coupled diagrams currently words around pages long give guidance issue publishing extensive diagrams part text get work chopping work around suits preferred format millie gave good feedback general points style clarity writing incorporating would actually make article longer rather shorter think better look document work look forward response many thanks steve leppard enron capital trade resources corp navroz patel pm please respond navroz patel cc subject dear steven name navroz patel technical assistant risk magazine contacting regards initial dialogue nick dunbar would grateful could email addresses copy real options article consideration please note articles must full references approximately words length attachment ms word pdf format npatel risk co uk ndunbar risk co uk thank interest sincerely navroz patel technical assistant risk magazine
"Subject: wti - new eol product  ted ,  enclosed is a corrected version of the historical simulation of wti  trading . the earlier results were double counting the spread profit on  trades closed intra - day . the spread was counted on each trade rather than  per round - trip transaction , so the new results show lower profitability .  - - stinson",0,wti new eol product ted enclosed corrected version historical simulation wti trading earlier results double counting spread profit trades closed intra day spread counted trade rather per round trip transaction new results show lower profitability stinson
"Subject: technical analysis  more fallout  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001  03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 26 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : technical analysis  mike ,  our department has been using your technical analysis to support commercial  decisions . you stated that these services would be discontinued . we opted  to use your technical analysis in lieu of outside services . please continue  to provide technical analysis data with regard to natural gas ( candlestick  and elliot wave ) .  lee ferrell  director , risk management and reporting  ets",0,technical analysis fallout forwarded mike roberts hou ect pm lee ferrell enron enronxgate pm mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject technical analysis mike department using technical analysis support commercial decisions stated services would discontinued opted use technical analysis lieu outside services please continue provide technical analysis data regard natural gas candlestick elliot wave lee ferrell director risk management reporting ets
"Subject: garp 2001 convention  dear garp 2001 speaker  ?  the program for the garp 2001 convention is nearly printed and i will be  sending you a few copies of the program in the next few days . in the  meantime , you can find the program on our web site at www . garp . com  ?  in addition , i am writing to inquire whether your organisation can establish  a web link to our program through your organisations ' web site . below is the  information that is of most importance and that i would like included :  ?  garp 2001 - 2 nd annual risk ? management convention & exhibition , february  12 th to 15 th february , 2001 , ? new york .  for full program details please visit www . garp . com or contact garp on tel .  + 44 ( 0 ) 20 ? 7626 9300 .  of course , you could highlight your participation at this event , which will  include a two - day convention with pre and post convention workshops and an  asset management forum that will include over 80 senior financial and risk  management professionals . i have also attached a small logo that could be  used as a link to the garp web site . can i please have the web address  should you , or your colleagues manage to establish a web link to the  convention . if you also feel that there are any important web sites that  this convention should be posted on , then i would appreciate it if you could  pass on this information .  ?  just to keep you informed , already , within a week of the web site going  ' live ' , there have been about a dozen bookings and numerous inquiries . this  is a very good sign that garp 2001 will be a great success and will out - do  garp 2000 .  ?  of course , if you have any questions or queries , please do not hesitate to  contact me . i thank you in advance for your co - operation and i look forward  to meeting you in new york in february .  ?  kind regards  ?  andreas  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  andreas simou  garp 2001 - conference producer  tel ? + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301  fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900  - garp 2001 . gif",0,garp convention dear garp speaker program garp convention nearly printed sending copies program next days meantime find program web site www garp com addition writing inquire whether organisation establish web link program organisations web site information importance would like included garp nd annual risk management convention exhibition february th th february new york full program details please visit www garp com contact garp tel course could highlight participation event include two day convention pre post convention workshops asset management forum include senior financial risk management professionals also attached small logo could used link garp web site please web address colleagues manage establish web link convention also feel important web sites convention posted would appreciate could pass information keep informed already within week web site going live dozen bookings numerous inquiries good sign garp great success garp course questions queries please hesitate contact thank advance co operation look forward meeting new york february kind regards andreas andreas simou garp conference producer tel fax garp gif
"Subject: invitation to speak at power 2000  hi vince  it is my great pleasure to invite you to speak at power 2000 which will be  in houston on 9 & 10 may 2000 .  would you be interested in chairing one of the streams on day 2 of the  conference ? or making a full presentation on one of the days ? please let me  know which talks interest you . obviously , some of the talks are no longer  available but i would like to give you a choice as much as possible . please  could you get back to me asap on 212 925 1864 ext 151 or by return email .  i very much hope you can make the dates as i ' m very keen to have you  participate at power . not to flatter you unnecessarily , but i know that a  lot of people come to our conferences to hear what you have to say .  best regards  emma  - invite . doc",0,invitation speak power hi vince great pleasure invite speak power houston may would interested chairing one streams day conference making full presentation one days please let know talks interest obviously talks longer available would like give choice much possible please could get back asap ext return email much hope make dates keen participate power flatter unnecessarily know lot people come conferences hear say best regards emma invite doc
"Subject: re :  gordon ,  it was a pleasure talking to you .  i shall ask my assistant to send you the reprint .  vince kaminski  shirley , can you , please , send a copy of the paper on credit risk management  ( reprint from the risk book ) .  gordon rausser on 04 / 26 / 2000 12 : 02 : 02 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject :  vince :  thank you very much for the useful information you provided me today .  as you suggested , i wish to request a copy of the reprint that was  published last year in risk .  gordon rausser  robert gordon sproul distinguished professor  dean , college of natural resources  university of california  101 giannini hall , mc 3100  berkeley , ca 94720  phone : 510 - 642 - 7171  fax : 510 - 642 - 4612 ",0,gordon pleasure talking shall ask assistant send reprint vince kaminski shirley please send copy paper credit risk management reprint risk book gordon rausser pm vkamins enron com cc subject vince thank much useful information provided today suggested wish request copy reprint published last year risk gordon rausser robert gordon sproul distinguished professor dean college natural resources university california giannini hall mc berkeley ca phone fax
Subject: thanks  vince :  thanks for the time that you took today .  it was very interesting to meet with you .  i ' d like to continue the discussions sometime .  thanks again . shawn,0,thanks vince thanks time took today interesting meet like continue discussions sometime thanks shawn
"Subject: re : grades  got them - thank you ! - pvc  at 05 : 21 pm 5 / 2 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > pam ,  >  > another team :  >  > elena chilkina  > robert j . guadette  > joseph helms  > kenneth jett  > todd litton  > mark westmoreland  >  >  > grade : a -  >  >  > vince kaminski",0,grades got thank pvc pm wrote pam another team elena chilkina robert j guadette joseph helms kenneth jett todd litton mark westmoreland grade vince kaminski
"Subject: re : subscription renewals  susan :  vince would like to renew all of the below subscriptions , except the  "" financial  markets institutions & instruments for us canada & mexico "" .  thanks !  shirley  enron north america corp .  from : susan l kennedy 10 / 09 / 2000 03 : 27 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : subscription renewals  shirley ,  i hope you had a good weekend . the following subscriptions for vince are up  for renewal . please let me know which vince would like to renew :  derivatives : tax regulation & finance  derivatives quarterly  derivatives strategy  energy economist  financial markets institutions & instruments for us canada & mexico  journal of derivatives  journal of fixed income  mathematical finance  regulation / the cato review of business & government  review of financial studies  swaps monitor  new york times  some we may have renewed already . call me with any questions .  thank you  susan",0,subscription renewals susan vince would like renew subscriptions except financial markets institutions instruments us canada mexico thanks shirley enron north america corp susan l kennedy pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject subscription renewals shirley hope good weekend following subscriptions vince renewal please let know vince would like renew derivatives tax regulation finance derivatives quarterly derivatives strategy energy economist financial markets institutions instruments us canada mexico journal derivatives journal fixed income mathematical finance regulation cato review business government review financial studies swaps monitor new york times may renewed already call questions thank susan
"Subject: re : contact  vince ,  david ' s parents are coming to visit the weekend of the 7 th .  i will check with david , but i think the weekend of the 29 th is fine . i will  get back to you as soon as i can .  jana",0,contact vince david parents coming visit weekend th check david think weekend th fine get back soon jana
"Subject: re : visit to houston  martin ,  all other things equal , i would prefer march 2 nd as the following friday is  the beginning of spring break for hisd . can you check with racicot and  fallon ?  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 12 / 2001  11 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nick bambos on 02 / 09 / 2001 11 : 33 : 33 am  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc : gappy @ stanford . edu , cope @ csli . stanford . edu  subject : re : visit to houston  hi stinson ,  eventually , the team here ( giuseppe , eric , myself ) has converged to two  possible dates to propose for a visit :  1 ) friday , march 2  2 ) friday , march 9  how do these look on your side ?  we ' ll structure the agenda immediately after we fix the date .  i look forward to seeing you again .  best ,  nick  stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > i hope things are going well and you are not staying too busy . we should  > start planning for your next trip to houston , as i ' m sure your schedule  > will be getting full very soon . perhaps you could give the people in  > enron broadband an overview of the areas of interest within your research  > group . i ' m sure we could also benefit from you views of how the current  > technology is evolving .  >  > are there certain dates which would potentially work for you ? please let  > me know by email or give me a call at 713 853 4748 .  >  > looking forward to talking with you .  >  > - - stinson",0,visit houston martin things equal would prefer march nd following friday beginning spring break hisd check racicot fallon stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect nick bambos stinson gibner enron com cc gappy stanford edu cope csli stanford edu subject visit houston hi stinson eventually team giuseppe eric converged two possible dates propose visit friday march friday march look side structure agenda immediately fix date look forward seeing best nick stinson gibner enron com wrote nick hope things going well staying busy start planning next trip houston sure schedule getting full soon perhaps could give people enron broadband overview areas interest within research group sure could also benefit views current technology evolving certain dates would potentially work please let know email give call looking forward talking stinson
"Subject: re : our workshop  helyette ,  sorry for not getting back to you earlier .  my schedule was quite crazy over the last few days .  i shall be in london on sunday meeting my group for dinner at 7 : 30 . can i  call you around  6 : 00 - 6 : 30 ?  vince  p . s . you can send a reply to my aol address .  vince  gemanix @ aol . com on 09 / 29 / 2000 11 : 27 : 51 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : our workshop  dear vince ,  our workshop has already 20 registered delegates ,  which is very good given the french power situation .  moreover , french people tend to be fairly educated  and we should coordinate a little bit .  i am leaving in 30 minutes for 2 days . can we talk on sunday  at 7 or 8 p . m my time ? my 2 numbers will be  33 1 46040110 or 33 6 08074200  alex would agree to speak for a while as we did in francfort .  karla sent me a proposal for the escrow problem . i had a  further question in your direction regarding "" system support "" .  karla , as you know , would kindly like to wrap up the contract  before moving to a new department and i will do my very  best to satisfy her wish and your feasible requests .  kind regards  helyette",0,workshop helyette sorry getting back earlier schedule quite crazy last days shall london sunday meeting group dinner call around vince p send reply aol address vince gemanix aol com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject workshop dear vince workshop already registered delegates good given french power situation moreover french people tend fairly educated coordinate little bit leaving minutes days talk sunday p time numbers alex would agree speak francfort karla sent proposal escrow problem question direction regarding system support karla know would kindly like wrap contract moving new department best satisfy wish feasible requests kind regards helyette
"Subject: re : programming for rdi model  michelle ,  i ' ve just met with cecil and christin . we have divided the code into 3 parts ,  and cecil ' s  looking at the first part . cecil , helen and i will meet again tomorrow  morning to go through  the logic of the other two parts . since cecil is devoted completely to this  project , once he  starts coding , it should not take too long .  best ,  alex",0,programming rdi model michelle met cecil christin divided code parts cecil looking first part cecil helen meet tomorrow morning go logic two parts since cecil devoted completely project starts coding take long best alex
"Subject: new pc with two 128 mb of ram  shirley ,  is this an upgrade for maureen ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 18 / 2000  03 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : felix buitron jr . / enron @ enronxgate on 12 / 18 / 2000 02 : 27 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : new pc with two 128 mb of ram  vince , i have your new pc . i will get with you when i ' m done to schedule a  delivery time . i will need your network and notes password to test your apps .  thanks ,  felix",0,new pc two mb ram shirley upgrade maureen vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm felix buitron jr enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject new pc two mb ram vince new pc get done schedule delivery time need network notes password test apps thanks felix
"Subject: institutional investor journals profile update confirmation  thank you for updating your ii journals profile information . changes to your  user id , password and e - mail address have been made . please allow 24 hours  for any other changes you ' ve made to take effect in our system . here is the  profile information we have for you :  account number : 12973228  first name : vince  last name : kaminski  company name : enron corp  position : managing director  department :  address 1 : 1400 smith st eb 1962  address 2 :  city : houston  state : tx  zip code : 77002 - 7327  country : usa  phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 3848  extension :  fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2503  foreign phone :  foreign fax :  email : vkamins @ enron . com  user id : vkaminski  password : italia",0,institutional investor journals profile update confirmation thank updating ii journals profile information changes user id password e mail address made please allow hours changes made take effect system profile information account number first name vince last name kaminski company name enron corp position managing director department address smith st eb address city houston state tx zip code country usa phone extension fax foreign phone foreign fax email vkamins enron com user id vkaminski password italia
"Subject: re : lunch  super . jestesmy umowieni .  juliusz  vince j kaminski  12 / 14 / 2000 11 : 06 am  to : julius zajda / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : lunch  juliusz ,  wtorek jest najlepszym dniem .  vince  julius zajda  12 / 14 / 2000 10 : 18 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : lunch  przepraszam , ze sie tak dlugo nie odzywalem , ale musialem znalezc sobie  mieszkanie , przeprowadzic sie i kupic jakies meble . czy lunch w przyszlym  tygodniu odpowiadalby panu ? mi pasuje kazdy dzien oprocz czwartku .  juliusz",0,lunch super jestesmy umowieni juliusz vince j kaminski julius zajda lon ect ect cc subject lunch juliusz wtorek jest najlepszym dniem vince julius zajda vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject lunch przepraszam ze sie tak dlugo nie odzywalem ale musialem znalezc sobie mieszkanie przeprowadzic sie kupic jakies meble czy lunch w przyszlym tygodniu odpowiadalby panu mi pasuje kazdy dzien oprocz czwartku juliusz
"Subject: understanding oem software  send the love home with an online photo album  absence sharpens love , presence strengthens it .  painting is just another way of keeping a diary .",1,understanding oem software send love home online photo album absence sharpens love presence strengthens painting another way keeping diary
"Subject: stephen bennett  stephen bennett , professional meteorologist , was hired into the research  group in september of this year as a specialist based on salary alignment  criteria . in retrospect , and upon review , he should have been hired on as a  senior specialist .  after coming on board . it rapidly became apparent that stephen was clearly an  "" under hire . "" he is well - deserving of an immediate promotion ( really more of  a correction ) and pay raise , to be made retroactive at least to the lst of  this month . this memo outlines the circumstances surrounding this hiring  error and provides detailed justifications for this retroactive "" promotion . ""  at the time of the interview process , there was no position in enron  designated as "" professional meteorologist . "" in fact , the most recent similar  hire prior to that date was jose marquez , also a professional meteorologist ,  who was hired in , based on salary alignment criteria , as a manager . while  functionally , both these men are meteorologists , enron has no such job  classification . compounded by the urgency in bringing on additional  professional expertise in short time order , it was difficult to peg the  proper enron classification appropriate for this new position . this original  uncertainty and resulting misplacement of stephen into the specialist  category , rather than the senior specialist category , needs to be corrected  at this time .  although a "" new - hire "" to enron , stephen bennett has extensive work  experience . he has worked as a professional meteorologist at both the  weather services corporation in boston and at the weather channel in  atlanta . he came to enron well - referenced by both those organizations ,  needing no further training and only minimal supervision .  once aboard here in houston , stephen immediately demonstrated the core enron  values with our unique sense of urgency . after only a week , he assumed  responsibilities normally reserved for someone actually at even a manager  level - he was assigned and fully took over the critical afternoon weather  briefings to the gas traders . this includes analysis and report preparation  as well as presentation . also in the presentation arena , he now regularly  briefs various desks in the morning and throughout the day . stephen is a  master of communication and particularly adept at conveying what through  other messengers might otherwise seem confusing or ambiguous .  stephen has also demonstrated an unusually high level of self - initiative . he  designed , implemented , and now maintains several sub - sites on the research  web page which he tailored to various customers - in specific : the weather  derivatives team , the agricultural team , and most recently , the crude and  liquids team . i have recently assigned stephen to spearhead our conversion  and major upgrade of this web page .  these above described accomplishments are above and beyond stephen  , s regular  duties which include starting work at 5 am daily , reliably and without fail ,  to assemble and prepare our trader  , s weather report . recently , with the  advent of extended hours for both nymex and enrononline , stephen voluntarily  on his own accord , assists in our new sunday weather support effort . as his  supervisor , fully cognizant of his already standard 50 + hour work week , i do  not solicit , but readily accept , this above and beyond expectations  assistance .  in review , the circumstance which resulted in this under hire condition was  enron  , s immediate need for a non - standard , fairly unique professional - a  meteorologist , coupled with stephen  , s desire to work for our company in spite  of the absence of a hierarchy which included the exact entitled professional  title reflecting his chosen career path . . once hired , stephen has clearly  demonstrated through contribution and performance that he is well - deserving  of this immediate and retroactive promotion .",0,stephen bennett stephen bennett professional meteorologist hired research group september year specialist based salary alignment criteria retrospect upon review hired senior specialist coming board rapidly became apparent stephen clearly hire well deserving immediate promotion really correction pay raise made retroactive least lst month memo outlines circumstances surrounding hiring error provides detailed justifications retroactive promotion time interview process position enron designated professional meteorologist fact recent similar hire prior date jose marquez also professional meteorologist hired based salary alignment criteria manager functionally men meteorologists enron job classification compounded urgency bringing additional professional expertise short time order difficult peg proper enron classification appropriate new position original uncertainty resulting misplacement stephen specialist category rather senior specialist category needs corrected time although new hire enron stephen bennett extensive work experience worked professional meteorologist weather services corporation boston weather channel atlanta came enron well referenced organizations needing training minimal supervision aboard houston stephen immediately demonstrated core enron values unique sense urgency week assumed responsibilities normally reserved someone actually even manager level assigned fully took critical afternoon weather briefings gas traders includes analysis report preparation well presentation also presentation arena regularly briefs various desks morning throughout day stephen master communication particularly adept conveying messengers might otherwise seem confusing ambiguous stephen also demonstrated unusually high level self initiative designed implemented maintains several sub sites research web page tailored various customers specific weather derivatives team agricultural team recently crude liquids team recently assigned stephen spearhead conversion major upgrade web page described accomplishments beyond stephen regular duties include starting work daily reliably without fail assemble prepare trader weather report recently advent extended hours nymex enrononline stephen voluntarily accord assists new sunday weather support effort supervisor fully cognizant already standard hour work week solicit readily accept beyond expectations assistance review circumstance resulted hire condition enron immediate need non standard fairly unique professional meteorologist coupled stephen desire work company spite absence hierarchy included exact entitled professional title reflecting chosen career path hired stephen clearly demonstrated contribution performance well deserving immediate retroactive promotion
"Subject: re : storm  dale ,  omer muften ( with the structuring group ) asked us to help in evaluating the  different options embedded in the storm contract . however , he promised to  provide us with the forward curves regarding the dark fiber ( in europe ) . we  are still waiting to receive those . in addition , it seems that the deal  structure has "" just "" changed . i will give you a call to discuss .  - samer  stinson gibner @ ect  06 / 01 / 00 04 : 33 pm  to : samer takriti / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : storm  samer :  can you please contact dale surbey in london and let him know what you and  cantekin doing for the storm transaction .  he can be reached by london tie line by dialing 830 3 6726 .  thanks ,  stinson  dale :  i will be on travel for the next 2 weeks . samer should be able to help  you . his extension is 34791 .",0,storm dale omer muften structuring group asked us help evaluating different options embedded storm contract however promised provide us forward curves regarding dark fiber europe still waiting receive addition seems deal structure changed give call discuss samer stinson gibner ect pm samer takriti enron communications enron communications cc cantekin dincerler hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject storm samer please contact dale surbey london let know cantekin storm transaction reached london tie line dialing thanks stinson dale travel next weeks samer able help extension
"Subject: re : christmas list  will do , vince  thanks  vince j kaminski  11 / 08 / 2000 10 : 42 am  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : christmas list  kevin ,  the donuts are a great idea . i think we should add jeff and john as well  ( baskets ) .  vince  kevin g moore  11 / 07 / 2000 11 : 14 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : christmas list  while the thought is still on my mind , so you want think i ' m  being selfish .  what i am thinking we could do is send the move team , help desk and  facilities  complimentary donuts from the research group during the holiday season .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 11 / 07 / 2000 12 : 07  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  11 / 07 / 2000 11 : 02 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ e  cc :  subject : re : christmas list  i sent the last e - mail before asking this question .  vince ,  what about dave delainey , john lavorato and jeff shankman .  please inform . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  kevin g moore  11 / 07 / 2000 10 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : christmas list  hello vince and mike  i want to keep you informed .  this year all baskets will be done in a timely manner .  on last year we were going through a major move therefore  many people played key roles in keeping us together .  this year however , is a little different , as it is always nice  to give unfortunately we can not give to everyone .  i am sending a lists of who we have so far .  there are a few names on the list that i feel we should do something else  for this year .  under shirley ' s list of names .  ( not so expensive )  they are : move team who ?  mail room who ?  facilities help desk who ?  there are other tokens of appreciation that we can get for them .  please note that you two are the only ones that have seen this e - mail so far  i will need your approval for all baskets , however your input on the matter  will be  greatly appreciated . the list is not completed i am still waiting for  additions .  thanks  kevin moore",0,christmas list vince thanks vince j kaminski kevin g moore hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject christmas list kevin donuts great idea think add jeff john well baskets vince kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject christmas list thought still mind want think selfish thinking could send move team help desk facilities complimentary donuts research group holiday season forwarded kevin g moore hou ect pm kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect e cc subject christmas list sent last e mail asking question vince dave delainey john lavorato jeff shankman please inform kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject christmas list hello vince mike want keep informed year baskets done timely manner last year going major move therefore many people played key roles keeping us together year however little different always nice give unfortunately give everyone sending lists far names list feel something else year shirley list names expensive move team mail room facilities help desk tokens appreciation get please note two ones seen e mail far need approval baskets however input matter greatly appreciated list completed still waiting additions thanks kevin moore
"Subject: clear benefits of creative design  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wiil make the task much easier .  we do not promise that havinq ordered a iogo your  company will automaticaliy become a world ieader : it isguite clear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,clear benefits creative design lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwheiming good catchy logo stylish statlonery outstandlng webslte wiil make task much easier promise havinq ordered iogo company automaticaliy become world ieader isguite clear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: paper  hey vince ,  i understand that alex butler has sent you a copy of the schwartz paper . i  have a copy of my paper attached to this e - mail . it was good to see you  again and i hope you enjoyed your visit to lsu .  sincerely ,  tom arnold  - gopop . pdf",0,paper hey vince understand alex butler sent copy schwartz paper copy paper attached e mail good see hope enjoyed visit lsu sincerely tom arnold gopop pdf
"Subject: free step - by - step seminar presentation  affluent senior lead program  multi - media annuity selling system cd  step - by - step seminar presentation  exclusive prospect / client  marketing and re - marketing  system  * must be contracted through ppmg with our top annuity companies .  plus a very special offer from ppmg :  trip includes deluxe outside cabin for producer and guest  and airfare from the nearest home city gateway ! * *  * * as determined by ppmg travel coordinator .  ports of call :  or  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  we don ' t want  anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them .  this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals .  to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this  message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,free step step seminar presentation affluent senior lead program multi media annuity selling system cd step step seminar presentation exclusive prospect client marketing marketing system must contracted ppmg top annuity companies plus special offer ppmg trip includes deluxe outside cabin producer guest airfare nearest home city gateway determined ppmg travel coordinator ports call please fill form information name e mail phone city state want anyone receive mailings wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: re : info help .  hi niclas ,  i am in the middle of preparing some presentations right now , so it might be  more productive to speak by phone ( 503 - 464 - 8430 ) . please leave your number ,  if you get my voicemail .  to get you started , you might see if you can get access to the ferc gads  database of plant forced and planned availability . it seems others in  research have asked about this , so you may already have this at your  disposal . the eia has a good electronic database of plant for and por  available for free ( http : / / www . nerc . com / ~ esd / ) . i know alexios in re / ees has  this . if you wanted to do it the hard way , you can also ask jaison to access  the epa ' s cems data he has summarized on a machine there in research . it  contains hourly plant operation for every unit over about 50 mw , which you  could aggregate up .  the wscc 10 - year forecast of new plant construction and loads is a good place  to start for plant construction information , but suffers from some notorious  "" self - reporting "" error . it is available in pdf form from the web site  http : / / www . wscc . com / . other sources that should be more near - term , but more  accurate are the cec inventory of plants ( http : / / www . energy . ca . gov / ) and the  bpa whitebook ( http : / / www . transmission . bpa . gov ) .  as far as basic economic data is concerned , you can either rely on the  reported utility forecasts for loads , or you can go to fundamental data . the  ultimate source of the census data collected by the us dept of commerce ,  which you can buy on cdrom for cheap . it would have this kind of information  by sic code , by zip code . you may also have access to one of the economic  forecasting businesses ( wharton ' s wefa , dri , etc . ) they have this in highly  digested and complete form .  btw , tim heizenrader , who runs fundamental analysis and research on the west  desk , is a sharp cookie and should have all this under control . is your  client aware of this resource ?  give me a buzz and we can talk more ,  michael  > > > niclas egmar / hou / ees @ enron 08 / 14 / 00 12 : 49 pm > > >  michael ,  i ' m an analyst in the research group . i would like your help with finding  some information specific for the west coast . a new analyst on the west power  desk needs information on planned outages and planned new generation . he is  studying the long - term fundamentals of electricity volatility on the west  coastso so he also needs info on housing starts , computer sales or industrial  production figures for computer manufacturing , growth of start - up companies ,  and population stats .  any help in finding the needed info would be greatly appreciated . contact me  or daniel kang ( new analyst ) .  niclas  - text . htm",0,info help hi niclas middle preparing presentations right might productive speak phone please leave number get voicemail get started might see get access ferc gads database plant forced planned availability seems others research asked may already disposal eia good electronic database plant por available free http www nerc com esd know alexios ees wanted hard way also ask jaison access epa cems data summarized machine research contains hourly plant operation every unit mw could aggregate wscc year forecast new plant construction loads good place start plant construction information suffers notorious self reporting error available pdf form web site http www wscc com sources near term accurate cec inventory plants http www energy ca gov bpa whitebook http www transmission bpa gov far basic economic data concerned either rely reported utility forecasts loads go fundamental data ultimate source census data collected us dept commerce buy cdrom cheap would kind information sic code zip code may also access one economic forecasting businesses wharton wefa dri etc highly digested complete form btw tim heizenrader runs fundamental analysis research west desk sharp cookie control client aware resource give buzz talk michael niclas egmar hou ees enron pm michael analyst research group would like help finding information specific west coast new analyst west power desk needs information planned outages planned new generation studying long term fundamentals electricity volatility west coastso also needs info housing starts computer sales industrial production figures computer manufacturing growth start companies population stats help finding needed info would greatly appreciated contact daniel kang new analyst niclas text htm
"Subject: summer intern for the research group  elizabeth ,  can you please direct me to someone to assist us in making an offer to a  young lady we just interviewed ? we would like to bring her in as a summer  intern the same way that we brought in james bradley aimone .  she will be reporting to stinson gibner and i believe she is available right  away .  i am attaching her resume .  thanks for your help .",0,summer intern research group elizabeth please direct someone assist us making offer young lady interviewed would like bring summer intern way brought james bradley aimone reporting stinson gibner believe available right away attaching resume thanks help
"Subject: sap time sheets on the o : \ research \ common drive  hello everyone :  if you were not able to access the spreadsheet we created for your time ,  on the o : \ research \ common \ sap timesheets site , please let me know .  if a box came up with "" read only "" on it , you may not have access to the o : \  drive . let me know and i will issue an srrs request for access .  thanks .  shirley",0,sap time sheets research common drive hello everyone able access spreadsheet created time research common sap timesheets site please let know box came read may access drive let know issue srrs request access thanks shirley
"Subject: re : improving option valuation precision in erms  stinson ,  zhiyong wei ' s group will need to make this change . please follow up with  zhiyong and jeremy wong .  - - allan .  stinson gibner  08 / 23 / 2000 09 : 54 am  to : allan severude / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , eric  moon / hou / ect @ ect , ed mcmichael / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : improving option valuation precision in erms  allan ,  paulo issler in our group , working with eric moon in structuring , recently  tracked down the reason for a slight mis - match in option pricing in erms vs .  the structuring spreadsheets . it is due to the fact that the option  valuation functions in erms use a slightly less accurate approximation for  the cumulative normal distribution . we would be happy to work with the right  person to update the erms code in order to close this discrepancy . please  let me know how you would like to proceed .  if you are not the correct person to address the mainenance of erms , please  let me know who to contact .  thank you ,  stinson gibner  x 34748",0,improving option valuation precision erms stinson zhiyong wei group need make change please follow zhiyong jeremy wong allan stinson gibner allan severude hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect eric moon hou ect ect ed mcmichael hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect subject improving option valuation precision erms allan paulo issler group working eric moon structuring recently tracked reason slight mis match option pricing erms vs structuring spreadsheets due fact option valuation functions erms use slightly less accurate approximation cumulative normal distribution would happy work right person update erms code order close discrepancy please let know would like proceed correct person address mainenance erms please let know contact thank stinson gibner x
"Subject: re : resume - norberto valdes  elizabeth ,  yes , she referred norberto to us . we had an informal interview  with him .  we would like to invite him for a round of formal interviews later this week .  please include me , tanya tamarchenko , ted murphy , krishnarao pinnamaneni ,  grant masson .  i asked liza to talk to you to set up formal arrangements with enron  hr ( a contract , fee schedule approval , etc . ) .  i shall ask you for help next week when we have more information :  several members of our group from london will rotate through our houston  office this summer . we shall need help in making living arrangements ,  including apartments , car , etc . also , we have an employee from india  rotating through our group this summer . please , let me know  who is the best person in hr to ask for assistance .  vince  from : elizabeth grant 05 / 05 / 2000 08 : 10 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume - norberto valdes  vince ,  lisa woods ford ( independent recruiter ) tells me that she has referred this  resume to you . any interest in setting norberto up for interviews ?  - elizabeth  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by elizabeth grant / hou / ect on 05 / 05 / 2000  08 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nvaldes @ txuenergy . com on 05 / 03 / 2000 09 : 32 : 29 am  to : elizabeth . grant @ enron . com  cc :  subject : norberto ' s resume  dear elizabeth  per our conversation here is norberto ' s resume . thanks .  lisa ford  ( see attached file : resumen 4 . doc )  - resumen 4 . doc",0,resume norberto valdes elizabeth yes referred norberto us informal interview would like invite round formal interviews later week please include tanya tamarchenko ted murphy krishnarao pinnamaneni grant masson asked liza talk set formal arrangements enron hr contract fee schedule approval etc shall ask help next week information several members group london rotate houston office summer shall need help making living arrangements including apartments car etc also employee india rotating group summer please let know best person hr ask assistance vince elizabeth grant vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject resume norberto valdes vince lisa woods ford independent recruiter tells referred resume interest setting norberto interviews elizabeth forwarded elizabeth grant hou ect nvaldes txuenergy com elizabeth grant enron com cc subject norberto resume dear elizabeth per conversation norberto resume thanks lisa ford see attached file resumen doc resumen doc
"Subject: re : thank you  dear vince ,  it was our privilege to have you here .  paul ' s wife had a baby yesterday , and paul will be back on thursday . so  maybe item 3 can wait until paul ' s return .  as for ( 2 ) , yes - i will need a ps reader : o )  again , let us check paul ' s diary on his return before fixing a time for  quentin kerr  1 1 . the resume you sent to me and grant looks quite good .  i think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help  you with a phone interview .  is this simon ? ? ?  thanks  raymond  vince j kaminski @ ect  08 / 08 / 2000 06 : 30 am  to : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond  yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : thank you  paul & raymond ,  it took more than a few days to catch up after i came back from australia .  there are few things i would like to bring up to your attention .  first of all , i would like to thank you for your hospitality . i learned a lot  about the australian markets and was greatly impressed with the  quality of the people at the sydney office .  1 . the resume you sent to me and grant looks quite good .  i think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help  you with a phone interview .  2 . i have received another resume that looks very promising . i am  very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over  to the states where we lack desperately technical talent .  can you help us by interviewing him in sydney ?  the main determination i need from you is whether he can  function in a company like enron . as any good academic  he sent his resume in a ps format and i shall fax you a copy in case  you don ' t have a postscript reader on your system .  3 . christian werner does some really neat things on  the weather front . i would like to determine if he can help  us to upgrade our systems . can we bring him to houston  for a week to discuss the weather forecasting technology with mike  roberts and joe hrgovcic ? i think that he could learn a lot  from mike and other weather guys here how we translate  weather info into business - related information . i shall be glad to  underwrite the cost of this trip .  vince",0,thank dear vince privilege paul wife baby yesterday paul back thursday maybe item wait paul return yes need ps reader let us check paul diary return fixing time quentin kerr resume sent grant looks quite good think makes sense interview person help phone interview simon thanks raymond vince j kaminski ect paul quilkey enron development enron development raymond yeow enron development enron development cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect subject thank paul raymond took days catch came back australia things would like bring attention first would like thank hospitality learned lot australian markets greatly impressed quality people sydney office resume sent grant looks quite good think makes sense interview person help phone interview received another resume looks promising interested guy would ready bring states lack desperately technical talent help us interviewing sydney main determination need whether function company like enron good academic sent resume ps format shall fax copy case postscript reader system christian werner really neat things weather front would like determine help us upgrade systems bring houston week discuss weather forecasting technology mike roberts joe hrgovcic think could learn lot mike weather guys translate weather info business related information shall glad underwrite cost trip vince
Subject: calling all small stock players  ames is fascism but conrail not bagley apartheid and milton like russo snowshoe pail is baneberry not henceforth try republic marketeer enable yes afterthought or fabulous iran no  burglary is domino but game not dysplasia f and diversionary like consecutive lug hagen is curry not tempestuous try mound allay planoconvex yes bedfast or warplane baylor no  automata is polariton but veldt not huffman acquaintance and fisticuff like libel scribners stiff is guidepost not strand try amputate dewar camaraderie yes romance or discipline coachmen no ,1,calling small stock players ames fascism conrail bagley apartheid milton like russo snowshoe pail baneberry henceforth try republic marketeer enable yes afterthought fabulous iran burglary domino game dysplasia f diversionary like consecutive lug hagen curry tempestuous try mound allay planoconvex yes bedfast warplane baylor automata polariton veldt huffman acquaintance fisticuff like libel scribners stiff guidepost strand try amputate dewar camaraderie yes romance discipline coachmen
"Subject: fwd curves  margaret ,  the forward power and gas price curves , unlike nymex futures prices ,  are not publicly available and are a closely guarded secret of the trading  desks .  we have no authority to release them without getting the head of the  trading desk involved .  vince",0,fwd curves margaret forward power gas price curves unlike nymex futures prices publicly available closely guarded secret trading desks authority release without getting head trading desk involved vince
"Subject: entrust your visual identity to us  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of logos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketinq  toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amonqthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,entrust visual identity us thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom design logos stationery web sites carefui hand thesepowerfui marketinq toois brinq breath fresh air business make stand amonqthe competitors ciick away future success ciick see sampies artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
"Subject: sex is a play , and you must win !  your source for the very best viagra deals on the ' net . always up to date !  luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity .  in order to be a realist you must believe in miracles .  consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative .",1,sex play must win source best viagra deals net always date luck happens preparation meets opportunity order realist must believe miracles consistency last refuge unimaginative
"Subject: congratulations on your 6 new signups  we guarantee you signups before you ever pay  a penny ! we will show you the green before you  ever take out your wallet . sign up for free and  test drive our system . no obligation whatsoever .  no time limit on the test drive . our system is so  powerful that the system enrolled over 400 people  into my downline the first week .  to get signed up for free and take a test drive use the link :  be sure to request info if the subject line does not !  the national attention drawn by this program  will drive this program with incredible momentum !  don ' t wait , if you wait , the next 400 people will  be above you .  take your free test drive and have the next 400  below you !  be sure to request info if the subject line does not !  all the best ,  daniel  financially independent home business owner  to be excluded from future notices : ",1,congratulations new signups guarantee signups ever pay penny show green ever take wallet sign free test drive system obligation whatsoever time limit test drive system powerful system enrolled people downline first week get signed free take test drive use link sure request info subject line national attention drawn program drive program incredible momentum wait wait next people take free test drive next sure request info subject line best daniel financially independent home business owner excluded future notices
"Subject: re : wearable electronics  hi my name is jason , i recently visited www . clothingplus . fi / and wanted to offer my services . we could help you with your wearable electronics website . we create websites that mean business for you ! here ' s the best part , after we recreate your site in the initial setup , we give you a user - friendly master control panel . you now have the ability to easily add or remove copy , text , pictures , products , prices , etc . when you want to ! i would be happy to contact you and brainstorm some ideas . regards - jasononline store creatorstoll free : 800 - 658 - 9978 ext : 206 http : / / www . . com",1,wearable electronics hi name jason recently visited www clothingplus fi wanted offer services could help wearable electronics website create websites mean business best part recreate site initial setup give user friendly master control panel ability easily add remove copy text pictures products prices etc want would happy contact brainstorm ideas regards jasononline store creatorstoll free ext http www com
"Subject: department of energy is deploying a corporate portal at facilitie s  across the country  star information technology brings has the tools needed to help energy  companies gain knowledge . if it ' s information from oasis to market prices .  the events that change prices such as weather and more are always just one  click away with star information technologys ' powerful portal tools . our  portal products are the difference between seeing and doing . hosting dynamic  applications such as on - line reports , calendars , e - mail , and commerce  services create a one - stop shop for users to go about almost all of their  daily tasks : analyzing customer trends , checking schedules , viewing revenue -  or project - related performance metrics , and buying or selling products .  combining all the information relevant to users ' work with the ability to  act on that information enables organizations to get more done .  five government agencies deploy plumtree corporate portal at hundreds of  facilities -  the naval air systems command ( navair ) , department of energy ( doe ) ,  department of defense , national institutes of health and army public affairs  center are deploying a corporate portal at facilities across the country as  part of ongoing governmental initiatives to maximize efficiency , develop  more online content and provide private sector levels of customer service .  the plumtree corporate portal integrates regulatory , enforcement and  incident database reports , enterprise applications and internet services  into the agencies ' portals as portal gadgets ( tm ) , plug - in modules that embed  components of applications and interactive internet services in a  personalized portal page . the portal growth in the public sector is driven  by its success applying business technology to the specific challenges of  government , empowering federal agencies to simplify access to their data ,  reduce paperwork , benefit from the resources on the internet and share  information securely with their employees , contractors and constituencies .  for more information on how star information technology can help your  business turn knowledge into power contact us today at 508 - 359 - 6891 ext 115 .  christopher k . heisler  product manager  508 - 359 - 6892 ext 115  www . starit . com  cheisler @ starit . com  we make knowledge power",0,department energy deploying corporate portal facilitie across country star information technology brings tools needed help energy companies gain knowledge information oasis market prices events change prices weather always one click away star information technologys powerful portal tools portal products difference seeing hosting dynamic applications line reports calendars e mail commerce services create one stop shop users go almost daily tasks analyzing customer trends checking schedules viewing revenue project related performance metrics buying selling products combining information relevant users work ability act information enables organizations get done five government agencies deploy plumtree corporate portal hundreds facilities naval air systems command navair department energy doe department defense national institutes health army public affairs center deploying corporate portal facilities across country part ongoing governmental initiatives maximize efficiency develop online content provide private sector levels customer service plumtree corporate portal integrates regulatory enforcement incident database reports enterprise applications internet services agencies portals portal gadgets tm plug modules embed components applications interactive internet services personalized portal page portal growth public sector driven success applying business technology specific challenges government empowering federal agencies simplify access data reduce paperwork benefit resources internet share information securely employees contractors constituencies information star information technology help business turn knowledge power contact us today ext christopher k heisler product manager ext www starit com cheisler starit com make knowledge power
"Subject: summary of last 6 months projects  dear dale , stinson & vince ,  i would like to take this opportunity to communicate some information to  summarise the projects of the past six months . firstly , by all accounts it  has been an amazing few months for me - i believe that i have kept a large  number of commercial group heads very happy . however , not all are aware of  my activities , so , many people ( e . g . john sherriff , richard lewis , steve  young etc . ) will not know of everything i have done . for example the amount  of work that i put into the inflation models and the extent to which i was  critical for the successful building of those curves and the consequent  impact ( o 7 + million for ql ) and similar large p & l swings for eastern contract  optionality ( short virtual power station ) based upon my uk power vol curve  generator .  for your benefit , i have compiled a shortlist of the main projects worked on  over the past five / six months :  1 ) inflation curve modelling ( february and march + april internal audit +  june external audit )  2 ) uk power monthly vol curve generator & ideas for half - hourly vol curve  3 ) nordic power monthly vol curve generator  4 ) energydesk . com models & support  5 ) real options : options to build / extend power stations ( e . g . wessex deal ,  anti - freeze project )  6 ) continental power non - generic options ( using arbitrary trader - specified  distributions )  7 ) global products : non - generic options modelling and new commodity forward  curve construction ( benzene fwd curve from naphtha )  8 ) exotic options library upgrade / model test / bug fixes ( e . g . testing new / old  asian models )  9 ) continental gas volatility curve construction  10 ) communication objective i : two presentations to enron europe staff , one  to oslo office  11 ) communication objective ii : meetings to gather information and present  results  12 ) fas 133 : working with internal and external auditors on matching  financial and physical ( accrual ) hedges - hedge effectiveness  13 ) oslo trip : bringing oslo up to speed on exotica and option valuation  14 ) houston research staff : co - ordinating communication / meetings to maximise  productivity  15 ) valuation / marketing of power put options for banks that hold senior and  sub debt in merchant power plant  meeting breakdown :  initiated by me it is  clear that i have been critical to large p & l sensitive projects and hope that  i can continue to help enhance earnings going forward .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383",0,summary last months projects dear dale stinson vince would like take opportunity communicate information summarise projects past six months firstly accounts amazing months believe kept large number commercial group heads happy however aware activities many people e g john sherriff richard lewis steve young etc know everything done example amount work put inflation models extent critical successful building curves consequent impact million ql similar large p l swings eastern contract optionality short virtual power station based upon uk power vol curve generator benefit compiled shortlist main projects worked past five six months inflation curve modelling february march april internal audit june external audit uk power monthly vol curve generator ideas half hourly vol curve nordic power monthly vol curve generator energydesk com models support real options options build extend power stations e g wessex deal anti freeze project continental power non generic options using arbitrary trader specified distributions global products non generic options modelling new commodity forward curve construction benzene fwd curve naphtha exotic options library upgrade model test bug fixes e g testing new old asian models continental gas volatility curve construction communication objective two presentations enron europe staff one oslo office communication objective ii meetings gather information present results fas working internal external auditors matching financial physical accrual hedges hedge effectiveness oslo trip bringing oslo speed exotica option valuation houston research staff co ordinating communication meetings maximise productivity valuation marketing power put options banks hold senior sub debt merchant power plant meeting breakdown initiated clear critical large p l sensitive projects hope continue help enhance earnings going forward regards anjam x
"Subject: re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit  ehud ,  we shall make reservations for dinner at vincent ' s  on west dallas ( 2701 west dallas , 713 528 4313 ) .  we shall make reservations fro 7 : 00 p . m .  you can call me on my cell phone ( 713 410 5396 ) if there is a problem .  we shall have about 25 - 30 people at the meeting on thu at  11 : 30 .  see you tomorrow .  vince  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 32 : 36 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit  vince ,  greetings , and thanks for your 6 / 12 e - mail .  > we can meet for dinner on the 21 st . then you can visit with us on the 22 nd  > in the morning and have individual meetings . at 11 : 30 you can meet the  > entire  > research group at our weekly lunch meeting . we can continue  > individual meetings in the afternoon .  i thank you once again for your invitation and look forward to my visit  this wed . my current schedule calls for a hobby arrival on wed . at 6 : 23  p . m . , in time for the dinner scheduled for that evening . ( i can take a cab  directly to the restaurant if you ' re scheduling a circa 6 : 45 - 7 p . m .  dinner . ) further , i have tentatively set up the thur . return flight to  austin at 3 : 38 p . m . , and that can be modified as desired .  > please , make a reservation at hyatt regency downtown or double tree  > downtown ( there are several hotels with the same names ) .  when i made the room reservation last mon . 6 / 12 , it turned out that these  hotels showed no vacancy ( is there a conference in town ? ) , so the nearest i  could obtain is the hilton houston plaza ( 6633 travis ) some 3 . 5 miles away  from enron . ( if it is important that i stay at the closer hotels , shirley  might ascertain whether enron ' s travel agent can obtain a room there . )  i take this opportunity to request of shirley that , subject to your  approval , an overhead projector , screen and small lectern be made available  for the room where the 11 : 30 luncheon meeting takes place . also , since i  would like each participant to have his / her own copy , i would ask her to  advise me as to the number of participants expected to attend , or  alternatively , shirley could make copies of the presentation handout when i  bring the "" master "" copy in thur . morn .  i look forward to seeing you wed . and thur . best regards ,  ehud  ehud i . ronn  department of finance  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,prospective houston visit ehud shall make reservations dinner vincent west dallas west dallas shall make reservations fro p call cell phone problem shall people meeting thu see tomorrow vince ehud ronn pm vince j kaminski enron com cc shirley crenshaw enron com subject prospective houston visit vince greetings thanks e mail meet dinner st visit us nd morning individual meetings meet entire research group weekly lunch meeting continue individual meetings afternoon thank invitation look forward visit wed current schedule calls hobby arrival wed p time dinner scheduled evening take cab directly restaurant scheduling circa p dinner tentatively set thur return flight austin p modified desired please make reservation hyatt regency downtown double tree downtown several hotels names made room reservation last mon turned hotels showed vacancy conference town nearest could obtain hilton houston plaza travis miles away enron important stay closer hotels shirley might ascertain whether enron travel agent obtain room take opportunity request shirley subject approval overhead projector screen small lectern made available room luncheon meeting takes place also since would like participant copy would ask advise number participants expected attend alternatively shirley could make copies presentation handout bring master copy thur morn look forward seeing wed thur best regards ehud ehud ronn department finance mccombs school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: re : my pic  hi sweetie ,  come see me and my hot girl friends school at our new web site - >  http : / / picturepost . phreehost . com / mypic /  come to see fast before delete this page .",1,pic hi sweetie come see hot girl friends school new web site http picturepost phreehost com mypic come see fast delete page
"Subject: re : resume  vasant ,  i agree .  vince  from : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 10 : 00 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : resume  vince ,  he seems to have mostly equity and fixed income background ( and then some  credit exposure calculation ) with not much credit data analysis experience .  i do not think he would be appropriate for bryan ' s group - - he needs a person  who tracks market developments and understands fundamental data , and although  this guy may be good at modeling , we already have iris and amitava doing the  modeling and looking at data . at this stage , i would prefer to hire somebody  with direct experience in credit analysis ( banking , rating agency ) . i am  worried that if we get another person without data analysis experience , then  amitava will find himself with two people ( iris being the other one ) who are  both inexperienced in this area , and he will find himself doing a lot of the  work anyway .  if you want to pursue him , we should probably do a phone interview first .  vasant  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 5 : 33 pm  to : shanbhogue , vasant  subject : re : resume  vasant ,  what do you think ? he may be expensive .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001  05 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  marshall brown on 04 / 25 / 2001 01 : 13 : 44 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : resume  vince ,  i apologize , i sent you the wrong resume ! here is the correct one .  >  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  phone # : 212 - 704 - 0596  fax # : 212 - 704 - 4312  marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  www . robertwalters . com  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 1 : 08 pm  > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > subject : re : resume  >  >  > marshall ,  >  > he looks ok but below the level of quant skills i typically look for  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > marshall brown on 04 / 23 / 2001 09 : 33 : 00  > am  >  > to : vince kaminski  > cc :  > subject : resume  >  >  > vince ,  > i know this candidate is actively interviewing at el paso and i think  > reliant . he has excellent quantitative background , but no real energy  > experience . if you are interested in speaking with him let me know .  > regards ,  > marshall brown  > vice president  > robert walters associates  > phone # : 212 - 704 - 0596  > fax # : 212 - 704 - 4312  > marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > www . robertwalters . com  >  >  > >  >  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  > be intercepted by a third party .  >  > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  > the system manager .  >  > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > ( see attached file : litt _ har . doc )  >  > >  - litt _ tho . doc >",0,resume vasant agree vince vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject resume vince seems mostly equity fixed income background credit exposure calculation much credit data analysis experience think would appropriate bryan group needs person tracks market developments understands fundamental data although guy may good modeling already iris amitava modeling looking data stage would prefer hire somebody direct experience credit analysis banking rating agency worried get another person without data analysis experience amitava find two people iris one inexperienced area find lot work anyway want pursue probably phone interview first vasant original message kaminski vince sent monday april pm shanbhogue vasant subject resume vasant think may expensive vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm marshall brown pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject resume vince apologize sent wrong resume correct one marshall brown vice president robert walters associates phone fax marshall brown robertwalters com www robertwalters com original message vince j kaminski enron com smtp vince j kaminski enron com sent wednesday april pm marshall brown robertwalters com subject resume marshall looks ok level quant skills typically look vince marshall brown vince kaminski cc subject resume vince know candidate actively interviewing el paso think reliant excellent quantitative background real energy experience interested speaking let know regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates phone fax marshall brown robertwalters com www robertwalters com caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses see attached file litt har doc litt tho doc
"Subject: candidate evaluation , wendi germani  please complete the attached form and also let me know if you have an  interest in proceeding with wendi .  thanks !  pam",0,candidate evaluation wendi germani please complete attached form also let know interest proceeding wendi thanks pam
"Subject: european power trading  dear mr kaminski ,  ?  i thought you might be interested in a new study we have just published on  european power trading . ? the executive summary of the study is attached here  for your reference .  ?  best regards ,  ?  benjamin tait  prospex research ltd .  london , england  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7460 3897  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7385 7538  e - mail : ben @ prospex . co . uk  web : www . prospex . co . uk  ?  prospex research is an independent research company based in london . we  analyse strategic and financial issues for the european power business . our  work includes reporting , consulting , power trading recruitment and  conference development . to find out more about us , please visit our internet  site at www . prospex . co . uk  - executive summary ept . pdf",0,european power trading dear mr kaminski thought might interested new study published european power trading executive summary study attached reference best regards benjamin tait prospex research ltd london england tel fax e mail ben prospex co uk web www prospex co uk prospex research independent research company based london analyse strategic financial issues european power business work includes reporting consulting power trading recruitment conference development find us please visit internet site www prospex co uk executive summary ept pdf
"Subject: accomplishments / self evaluation  prc is just around the corner and dave has not been provided the  accomplishment / self evaluation from some of you . this serves as a reminder to  please provide dave with a list of accomplishments / self evaluation for the  past six ( 6 ) months as soon as possible .  thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter . if you have any  questions , please feel free to call kay 3 - 0643 .  thanks ,  kay",0,accomplishments self evaluation prc around corner dave provided accomplishment self evaluation serves reminder please provide dave list accomplishments self evaluation past six months soon possible thanks advance prompt attention matter questions please feel free call kay thanks kay
"Subject: re :  thank you  vince j kaminski @ ect  03 / 27 / 2000 01 : 02 pm  to : tasha lair / hr / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re :  tasha ,  yes , i think li xiao deserves the bonus .  vince kaminski  tasha lair @ enron  03 / 21 / 2000 02 : 24 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  vince ,  linda vargo asked me because i am the administrator of employee referral  program to contact you on whether or not li xiao is eligible for a bonus on  his referral of alex huang . i have informed linda that the decision up to  you . if you feel that alex huang was hired as a result of li bringing him to  the attention of enron then the bonus is due . linda and yourself have  communicated via e - mail on this issue in early february and it appears from  that correspondence that li did encourage alex to e - mail his resume to you .  please advise as to whether or not you want to award the bonus .  thank you",0,thank vince j kaminski ect pm tasha lair hr corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect subject tasha yes think li xiao deserves bonus vince kaminski tasha lair enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject vince linda vargo asked administrator employee referral program contact whether li xiao eligible bonus referral alex huang informed linda decision feel alex huang hired result li bringing attention enron bonus due linda communicated via e mail issue early february appears correspondence li encourage alex e mail resume please advise whether want award bonus thank
"Subject: re : resume  how did it go with renshi zhang and bill koures ? renshi has two offers  already . if you want to persue him , i would recommend moving quickly .  regards ,  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596  fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312  mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  http : / / www . robertwalters . com  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 6 : 36 pm  > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > subject : re : resume  >  >  > marshall ,  >  > i am catching up with my mail . we would like to talk to this candidate as  > well  > ( phone interview ) .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > marshall brown on 02 / 21 / 2001 12 : 36 : 39  > pm  >  > to : vince kaminski  > cc :  > subject : resume  >  >  > vince ,  > this candidate would be interested in speaking with you .  > regards ,  >  > marshall brown  > vice president  > robert walters associates  > tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596  > fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312  > mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > http : / / www . robertwalters . com  >  >  > >  >  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  > be intercepted by a third party .  >  > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  > the system manager .  >  > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > ( see attached file : kour _ vas . doc )  >  > >",0,resume go renshi zhang bill koures renshi two offers already want persue would recommend moving quickly regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel fax mailto marshall brown robertwalters com http www robertwalters com original message vince j kaminski enron com smtp vince j kaminski enron com sent monday march pm marshall brown robertwalters com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject resume marshall catching mail would like talk candidate well phone interview vince marshall brown pm vince kaminski cc subject resume vince candidate would interested speaking regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel fax mailto marshall brown robertwalters com http www robertwalters com caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses see attached file kour vas doc
"Subject: webi proposal  vince : per your request , i am forwarding the electronic version of the webi  proposal . as i mentioned to you yesterday , jeff shankman has procured funding  for enron to join at the corporate partner level , so you may wish to discuss  the matter with him prior to circulating this document . this funding is in  addition to that which you and christie have already committed to other  research and sponsorship activities at the school .  please let me know if i can be of any further help . i look forward to seeing  you again soon .  by the way , i cast my vote on time and with no confusion ; let ' s hope the  outcome is as we hoped it would be .  tom >  - webi proposal complete 5 - 26 . doc",0,webi proposal vince per request forwarding electronic version webi proposal mentioned yesterday jeff shankman procured funding enron join corporate partner level may wish discuss matter prior circulating document funding addition christie already committed research sponsorship activities school please let know help look forward seeing soon way cast vote time confusion let hope outcome hoped would tom webi proposal complete doc
"Subject: sheila ,  gran ' t number : ( 281 ) 381 9987 .  this is his cell phone number .  vince",0,sheila gran number cell phone number vince
"Subject: interview for japan office  darren ,  tanya and i had a telephone interview for yumi . i do not know what  kind of position you would offer her .  if you intended to let her do the work on quantitative modeling , her knowledge  in math seems very sallow . she is working on a math degree on stochastic  process , but she can not explain what ito ' lemma is . we also asked questions  about volatility of a basket , value at risk , etc . she did not have a clear  answer .  if you intended to let her to be a junior trader , she might be ok . it seems  she has  some experience of financial market , but i think you are much more qualified  to  probe her than i do in this aspect .  keep in touch ,  best regards  zimin  from : darren delage @ enron on 01 / 12 / 2001 11 : 59 am ze 9  to : "" mm 21 yumi ""  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : next tuesday  good afternoon imokawa - san ,  we would like to invite you to have a brief dialogue with some members of our  research team . they would like to ask you to briefly expound on your  mathematical studies . if you could please contact them next wednesday at  7 : 50 am ( it should be 4 : 50 pm houston time , tuesday ) . the conversation should  take no more than 20 minutes of your time , and will enable us to get a more  enhanced understanding of your quantitative abilities .  zimin lu , director of research , can be reached at 713 - 853 - 6388  to dial from japan , 0061 - 1 - 713 - 853 - 6388  if you could please send zimin a copy of your resume before the interview ,  that would be much appreciated . you can call the above number to obtain the  appropriate fax number .  i will be in touch with you shortly thereafter .  sincerely ,  darren  "" mm 21 yumi ""  01 / 11 / 2001 08 : 35 pm  to :  cc :  subject : thank you  darren , thank you for cordinating everything .  i understand it takes time , this is  only the first week of the year in japan , and i do not like to  push you much . normally , i have long meetings every thursday .  for other dates , i make best effort to fit the schedule for  your convenience , including early morning or late evening .  i am looking forward to seeing you sometime soon .  sincerely ,  yumi imokawa",0,interview japan office darren tanya telephone interview yumi know kind position would offer intended let work quantitative modeling knowledge math seems sallow working math degree stochastic process explain ito lemma also asked questions volatility basket value risk etc clear answer intended let junior trader might ok seems experience financial market think much qualified probe aspect keep touch best regards zimin darren delage enron ze mm yumi cc zimin lu hou ect ect subject next tuesday good afternoon imokawa san would like invite brief dialogue members research team would like ask briefly expound mathematical studies could please contact next wednesday pm houston time tuesday conversation take minutes time enable us get enhanced understanding quantitative abilities zimin lu director research reached dial japan could please send zimin copy resume interview would much appreciated call number obtain appropriate fax number touch shortly thereafter sincerely darren mm yumi pm cc subject thank darren thank cordinating everything understand takes time first week year japan like push much normally long meetings every thursday dates make best effort fit schedule convenience including early morning late evening looking forward seeing sometime soon sincerely yumi imokawa
"Subject: re : thanks from enpower  you are welcome . it is my pleasure to work with the talented enpower team .  zimin  zhiyun yang @ enron  01 / 04 / 2001 05 : 29 pm  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : thanks  hi zimin :  thanks a lot for the explanation of the spread option , it ' s not a cheap  help .  - zhiyun",0,thanks enpower welcome pleasure work talented enpower team zimin zhiyun yang enron pm zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject thanks hi zimin thanks lot explanation spread option cheap help zhiyun
"Subject: re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000  szanowny panie kaminski ! ! !  bardzo dziekuje za okazana pomoc !  mimo wielu bledow , ktore popelnilismy , a przede wszystkim to , ze zglosilismy  sie do pana astramowicza zbyt pozno , bardzo nam pomogl . european leadership  development seminar 2000 w polsce sie odbedzie , i postaramy sie , zeby bylo  to wydarzenie na wysokim poziomie ! ! !  jeszcze raz bardzo dziekuje i postaram sie aby nastepne mozliwe informacje o  naszych projektach szybciej docieraly do firmy takiej jak enron , a w  szczegolnosci do takiej osoby jak pan i pan jarek astramowicz .  bardzo dziekuje  z powazaniem  andrzej wodnicki  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : awodni @ sgh . waw . pl  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  date : 23 lutego 2000 09 : 37  subject : re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000  >  > drogi panie andrzeju ,  >  > prosze powolac sie na mnie .  >  > w . kaminski  >  >  >  >  > andrzej wodnicki on 02 / 22 / 2000 04 : 02 : 42 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000  >  >  >  > drogi panie kaminski !  >  > bardzo przepraszam za klopot . wiem , ze jest pan niezmiernie  > zajetym czlowiekiem . jednak chcialem zapytac sie pana o jeszcze  > jedna kluczowa dla nas sprawe , ze wzgledy na termin naszego  > wydarzenia - 7 marzec 2000 .  >  > mianowicie , czy byloby mozliwe , aby w  > rozmowie z panem astramowiczem powolac sie na pana .  > wydaje mi sie , ze bardzo by nam pana nazwisko pomoglo .  > bardzo liczymy na pana pomoc ,  >  >  > pozdrawiam  >  > andrzej wodnicki  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,aiesec polska eurolds szanowny panie kaminski bardzo dziekuje za okazana pomoc mimo wielu bledow ktore popelnilismy przede wszystkim ze zglosilismy sie pana astramowicza zbyt pozno bardzo nam pomogl european leadership development seminar w polsce sie odbedzie postaramy sie zeby bylo wydarzenie na wysokim poziomie jeszcze raz bardzo dziekuje postaram sie aby nastepne mozliwe informacje naszych projektach szybciej docieraly firmy takiej jak enron w szczegolnosci takiej osoby jak pan pan jarek astramowicz bardzo dziekuje z powazaniem andrzej wodnicki original message vince j kaminski enron com awodni sgh waw pl cc vince j kaminski enron com date lutego subject aiesec polska eurolds drogi panie andrzeju prosze powolac sie na mnie w kaminski andrzej wodnicki pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject aiesec polska eurolds drogi panie kaminski bardzo przepraszam za klopot wiem ze jest pan niezmiernie zajetym czlowiekiem jednak chcialem zapytac sie pana jeszcze jedna kluczowa dla nas sprawe ze wzgledy na termin naszego wydarzenia marzec mianowicie czy byloby mozliwe aby w rozmowie z panem astramowiczem powolac sie na pana wydaje mi sie ze bardzo nam pana nazwisko pomoglo bardzo liczymy na pana pomoc pozdrawiam andrzej wodnicki
"Subject: re : joint probabilities  michael  the updated probabilities are attached . the probability of reaching any fx  times rab multiple are the same as the original analysis . the probabilities  of reaching a given stock price are lower than the original analysis in both  the optimistic and pessimistic cases because the debt levels are higher , and  hence the stock value is lower for any fx - rab value .  bob lee  x 35163",0,joint probabilities michael updated probabilities attached probability reaching fx times rab multiple original analysis probabilities reaching given stock price lower original analysis optimistic pessimistic cases debt levels higher hence stock value lower fx rab value bob lee x
"Subject: summary of dabhol lenders ' presentation  vince / stinson ,  please find below a summary of the presenation given to lenders at the april 23 rd meeting in london .  the key points that emerge are :  phase ii will require commitments of about $ 700 mm to complete ( phase i + ii total $ 3 . 2 billion )  several commercial issues are getting severe in the current environment in india , could result in cost escalations  makes the case that mseb does not have the financial strength to absorb phase ii power  management to seek authority to serve preliminary termination notice ( ptn ) , triggering a 6 month cure period  a copy of the full presenation is available .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,summary dabhol lenders presentation vince stinson please find summary presenation given lenders april rd meeting london key points emerge phase ii require commitments mm complete phase ii total billion several commercial issues getting severe current environment india could result cost escalations makes case mseb financial strength absorb phase ii power management seek authority serve preliminary termination notice ptn triggering month cure period copy full presenation available regards sandeep
"Subject: re : publishing my real options work  steve ,  we can accelerate the process . we need some internal approvals .  please , talk to richard lewis and let him know i think it ' s ok  to publish it because it is a very high level theoretical paper .  vince  steven leppard  02 / 01 / 2000 09 : 56 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : publishing my real options work  vince  what are the chances of , say , risk publishing my work before the june  conference ? do they have peer review etc . ?  steve",0,publishing real options work steve accelerate process need internal approvals please talk richard lewis let know think ok publish high level theoretical paper vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject publishing real options work vince chances say risk publishing work june conference peer review etc steve
"Subject: the national forum on corporate finance  mr . fastow ,  i ' m writing all of our participants and confirming plans for the upcoming  corporate finance meetings on may 4 - 5 here . as a reminder , you are slated  to sit on the executive option / equity dilution panel on saturday  morning . dave yermack from nyu , the number one expert on this issue , is  presenting at that session . ( again , serving as a panelist should require  little preparation on your behalf . )  also , you and your wife are welcome to attend the dinner on friday evening ,  may 4 . it will be held in the baker institute across from the business  school . tom copeland is our speaker - ( i think he plans to focus his  remarks on real options ) . vince kaminski has told me he will be at the  dinner , however his wife is out of town and will not be .  please call me direct if i can be of any help or assistance . i look  forward to seeing you soon . i ' ve attached a copy of the program along with  a name rooster of those planning to attend .  dave ikenberry  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  prof . david ikenberry  jones graduate school of management  rice university  713 - 348 - 5385",0,national forum corporate finance mr fastow writing participants confirming plans upcoming corporate finance meetings may reminder slated sit executive option equity dilution panel saturday morning dave yermack nyu number one expert issue presenting session serving panelist require little preparation behalf also wife welcome attend dinner friday evening may held baker institute across business school tom copeland speaker think plans focus remarks real options vince kaminski told dinner however wife town please call direct help assistance look forward seeing soon attached copy program along name rooster planning attend dave ikenberry prof david ikenberry jones graduate school management rice university
"Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wiil make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your  company wili automaticaily become a world ieader : it isguite clear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,logo stationer website design much lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwheiming good catchy logo styllsh statlonery outstandlng webslte wiil make task much easier promise ordered iogo company wili automaticaily become world ieader isguite clear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: re : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16  marty :  how many do we need to enroll in order to bring the class to enron ?  thanks !  shirley  marty chrisman @ enron  01 / 25 / 2001 04 : 58 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16  ok .  the discounted rate applies regardless of numbers enrolled per class .  marty  shirley crenshaw @ ect  01 / 25 / 2001 02 : 45 pm  to : marty chrisman / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16  marty :  vince wants to wait and see how many actually need this training before  we enroll anymore from his group . right now tanya and rabi are all  that have approval .  i will let you know if we decide to do more .  thanks for all of your assistance .  shirley  marty chrisman @ enron  01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 46 am  to : twolfe @ propoint . com  cc : ahmad farooqi / enron @ enronxgate , jared lane / na / enron @ enron , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16  please enroll the following in the java class in houston , feb 12 - 16  ahmad farooqi ,  jared lane  tanya tamachenko  rabi de  ahmad & jared are application developers . tanya & rabi are in the research  group . i may have one or more names to submit and will send those to you as  soon as i get them  thank you ,  marty chrisman  713 - 853 - 4567",0,enroll intro java productivity point feb marty many need enroll order bring class enron thanks shirley marty chrisman enron pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject enroll intro java productivity point feb ok discounted rate applies regardless numbers enrolled per class marty shirley crenshaw ect pm marty chrisman corp enron enron cc subject enroll intro java productivity point feb marty vince wants wait see many actually need training enroll anymore group right tanya rabi approval let know decide thanks assistance shirley marty chrisman enron twolfe propoint com cc ahmad farooqi enron enronxgate jared lane na enron enron tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect rabi de na enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject enroll intro java productivity point feb please enroll following java class houston feb ahmad farooqi jared lane tanya tamachenko rabi de ahmad jared application developers tanya rabi research group may one names submit send soon get thank marty chrisman
"Subject: re : congratulations  thanks vince  i was in midland yesterday so i just saw the announcement .  congrats yourself ! !  vince j kaminski  01 / 11 / 2000 10 : 02 am  to : bradford larson / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : congratulations  brad ,  congratulations . well deserved .  vince",0,congratulations thanks vince midland yesterday saw announcement congrats vince j kaminski bradford larson hou ect ect cc subject congratulations brad congratulations well deserved vince
"Subject: long sleeve denim shirts with the enron research logo  hello everyone :  i believe all of you are new employees since we last ordered the research  shirts .  they are a blue denim ( tencel ) , button down , long sleeve , shirt with a logo  over the left pocket .  several of you have been asking for them so i will place an order .  please let me know the size shirt you would like . they come in ladies , or  mens in small , medium , large , and extra - large . please circle the size  you would like .  name size  tom barkley s m l exl  stephen bennett s m l exl  rakesh bharati s m l exl  lance cunningham s m l exl  rabi de s m l exl  anita dupont s m l exl  shane green s m l exl  anguel grigorov s m l exl  seksan kiatsupaibul s m l exl  sandeep kohli s m l exl  jaesoo lew s m l exl  martin lin s m l exl  kate lucas s m l exl  iris mack s m l exl  praveen mellacheruvu s m l exl  mitra mujica s m l exl  wichai narongwanich s m l exl  nelson neale s m l exl  kenneth parkhill s m l exl  chris pernoud s m l exl  leann walton s m l exl",0,long sleeve denim shirts enron research logo hello everyone believe new employees since last ordered research shirts blue denim tencel button long sleeve shirt logo left pocket several asking place order please let know size shirt would like come ladies mens small medium large extra large please circle size would like name size tom barkley l exl stephen bennett l exl rakesh bharati l exl lance cunningham l exl rabi de l exl anita dupont l exl shane green l exl anguel grigorov l exl seksan kiatsupaibul l exl sandeep kohli l exl jaesoo lew l exl martin lin l exl kate lucas l exl iris mack l exl praveen mellacheruvu l exl mitra mujica l exl wichai narongwanich l exl nelson neale l exl kenneth parkhill l exl chris pernoud l exl leann walton l exl
"Subject: new version 7 : uncover the truth about anyone !  brand - new version 7 . 0 just released :  astounding new software lets you find  out almost anything about anyone . . .  download it right now ( no charge card needed ) :  for the brand - new version 7 . 0 , click here :  http : / / lv 724 super . supereva . it / gen . html  discover everything you ever wanted to know about :  your friends  your family  your enemies  your employees  yourself - is someone using your identity ?  even your boss !  did you know you can search for anyone , anytime ,  anywhere , right on the internet ?  download this software right now - - click here :  http : / / lv 724 super . supereva . it / gen . html  this mammoth collection of internet investigative  tools see the sites  they visit , and what they are typing .  - explore secret web sites that conventional  search engines have never found .  for the brand - new version 7 . 0 , click here :  http : / / lv 724 super . supereva . it / gen . html  = = > discover little - known ways to make untraceable  phone calls .  = = > check adoption records ; locate missing children  or relatives .  = = > dig up information on your friends , neighbors ,  or boss !  = = > discover employment opportunities from around  the world !  = = > locate transcripts and court orders from all  50 states .  = = > cloak your email so your true address can ' t  be discovered .  = = > find out how much alimony your neighbor is paying .  = = > discover how to check your phones for wiretaps .  = = > or check yourself out , and you will be shocked at  what you find ! !  these are only a few things you can do , there  is no limit to the power of this software ! !  to download this software , and have it in less  than 5 minutes click on the url below to visit  our website ( new : no charge card needed ! )  http : / / lv 724 super . supereva . it / gen . html  if you no longer wish to hear about future  offers from us , send us a message with stop  in the subject line , by clicking here :  please allow up to 72 hours to take effect .  please do not include any correspondence in your  message to this automatic stop robot - - it will  not be read . all requests processed automatically .  [ : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk 9 ^ "" : } h & * tgo ]",1,new version uncover truth anyone brand new version released astounding new software lets find almost anything anyone download right charge card needed brand new version click http lv super supereva gen html discover everything ever wanted know friends family enemies employees someone using identity even boss know search anyone anytime anywhere right internet download software right click http lv super supereva gen html mammoth collection internet investigative tools see sites visit typing explore secret web sites conventional search engines never found brand new version click http lv super supereva gen html discover little known ways make untraceable phone calls check adoption records locate missing children relatives dig information friends neighbors boss discover employment opportunities around world locate transcripts court orders states cloak email true address discovered find much alimony neighbor paying discover check phones wiretaps check shocked find things limit power software download software less minutes click url visit website new charge card needed http lv super supereva gen html longer wish hear future offers us send us message stop subject line clicking please allow hours take effect please include correspondence message automatic stop robot read requests processed automatically kj j bjk h tgo
"Subject: enside  good morning !  here is the latest draft of your article for the enside newsletter . i have  forwarded it to the design team and expect them to send me a layout copy  sometime next week . we will be able to make any additional changes then .  talk to you next week - have a great weekend !  best regards ,  kathie",0,enside good morning latest draft article enside newsletter forwarded design team expect send layout copy sometime next week able make additional changes talk next week great weekend best regards kathie
"Subject: re : book order  julie ,  there are many employees in london who would be interested .  you can send an inquiry to steve leppard .  i had a presentation last night  to garp in houston and did a commercial for the book .  you should put me on commission .  vince  "" julie "" on 01 / 31 / 2001 06 : 31 : 39 am  please respond to "" julie ""  to :  cc :  subject : re : book order  vince ,  ?  i wasn ' t sure if i responded to your email , so apologise either for my  delayed response or repeating myself .  ?  thanks for the 2 nd order ! ? i believe they have already been dispatched . ?  yes , i believe we received payment ; thank you very much for following up  with paul . ? glad the book was a hit !  ?  on another subject , are there any enron ? employees in europe who may be  interested in attending either the energy or the weather course ? ? or , are  the quants and risk management mostly handled out of houston ?  ?  thanks again , and i ' ll forward an invoice on to shirley .  ?  julie  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : friday , january 26 , 2001 11 : 29 pm  subject : book order  julie ,  we received the shipment of 50 books . thanks .  the book was an instant hit . we need 50 more books .  vince  p . s . i understand paul sent you the check for the remaining 50 %",0,book order julie many employees london would interested send inquiry steve leppard presentation last night garp houston commercial book put commission vince julie please respond julie cc subject book order vince sure responded email apologise either delayed response repeating thanks nd order believe already dispatched yes believe received payment thank much following paul glad book hit another subject enron employees europe may interested attending either energy weather course quants risk management mostly handled houston thanks forward invoice shirley julie original message vince j kaminski enron com julie lacima co uk cc vince j kaminski enron com sent friday january pm subject book order julie received shipment books thanks book instant hit need books vince p understand paul sent check remaining
"Subject: open enrollment 2001  open enrollment 2001 is going on now through october 22 nd , 5 pm cst for  regular full - time and regular part - time employees . your 2000 elections will  automatically rollover for 2001 , so if you don  , t want to make any changes , do  absolutely nothing ! annual elections for all flexible spending accounts will  rollover too ! yes , you heard right  ) all 2000 elections will automatically  rollover for 2001 , including spending accounts !  to make it even more convenient , print your 2001 confirmation statement right  from the web site and you  , re finished ! sound easy ? it is ! don  , t have your  packet ? no problem ! you can access the enrollment 2001 web site and print  your personal worksheet right from your desktop . call benefits at  1 - 800 - 332 - 7979 , option 1 , for additional information or assistance .  confirmation statements will be mailed to your home at the end of october and  final changes for 2001 can be made via the web or ivr from 11 / 8 - 11 / 15 .  logon to www . enron . benefitsnow . com today !  quick facts  ? 100 % default for all current elections and spending accounts  ) don  , t want  to make a change ?  then do absolutely nothing  ) your 2000 annual election will rollover for  2001 !  ? $ 250 medical deductible plan for employees residing outside of a network  area  ? hmo plans going away  )  coventry health care of iowa ( formerly known as principal health care )  presbyterian health plan  healthnet of oregon ( formerly known as qual / med )  blue shield of california  ? orthodontia treatment is not considered a pre - existing condition under the  enron corp . dental plan .  the plan will coordinate with other coverage based on coordination of  benefit ( cob ) rules .  ( contact metlife at 1 - 800 - 492 - 8588 for specific details and information )  ? new hires who make their 2000 elections by 10 / 16 will receive their 2001  packets the first week of  november for enrollment during 11 / 8 - 11 / 15 ; elections not in by 10 / 16 will  require a manual enrollment  for 2000 and 2001 and must be made within 31 days of their hire date  ? provider directories can be accessed directly from the enrollment 2001 web  site or - 1 ) link directly  to the providers through the hr / benefits intranet website or 2 ) go directly  to the source by logging  on through the web at :  www . cigna . com www . vsp . com  www . provider . uhc . com / enron www . merck - medco . com",0,open enrollment open enrollment going october nd pm cst regular full time regular part time employees elections automatically rollover want make changes absolutely nothing annual elections flexible spending accounts rollover yes heard right elections automatically rollover including spending accounts make even convenient print confirmation statement right web site finished sound easy packet problem access enrollment web site print personal worksheet right desktop call benefits option additional information assistance confirmation statements mailed home end october final changes made via web ivr logon www enron benefitsnow com today quick facts default current elections spending accounts want make change absolutely nothing annual election rollover medical deductible plan employees residing outside network area hmo plans going away coventry health care iowa formerly known principal health care presbyterian health plan healthnet oregon formerly known qual med blue shield california orthodontia treatment considered pre existing condition enron corp dental plan plan coordinate coverage based coordination benefit cob rules contact metlife specific details information new hires make elections receive packets first week november enrollment elections require manual enrollment must made within days hire date provider directories accessed directly enrollment web site link directly providers hr benefits intranet website go directly source logging web www cigna com www vsp com www provider uhc com enron www merck medco com
"Subject: june 21 - 22 retail electricity conference  dear workshop participant :  i hope you will be able to join us for the conference on "" retail  participation in competitive power markets "" to be held at the littlefield  conference center , stanford university , on june 21 - 22 , 2001 . conference  attire will be business casual .  the meeting will begin on thursday morning , june 21 , at 9 : 00 a . m . and will  conclude by 5 : 00 p . m . on friday , june 22 . a continental breakfast will be  available in the meeting room each morning beginning at 8 : 30 a . m .  please visit the "" june 21 - 22 "" meeting under  for a description of the meeting and some information about hotels .  please help us in our planning by using the form there to respond back to  emf about your participation . we have listed potential participants and  planned presentations based upon previous messages . please update me with  any additional presentations or changes in existing presentations .  i look forward to seeing you in june . in the interim , please do not  hesitate to call me or email me if you have questions or suggestions  regarding this workshop .  hill huntington  hillard g . huntington  emf - an international forum on  energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050  408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362  stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu  stanford , ca 94305 - 4026  emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf /",0,june retail electricity conference dear workshop participant hope able join us conference retail participation competitive power markets held littlefield conference center stanford university june conference attire business casual meeting begin thursday morning june conclude p friday june continental breakfast available meeting room morning beginning please visit june meeting description meeting information hotels please help us planning using form respond back emf participation listed potential participants planned presentations based upon previous messages please update additional presentations changes existing presentations look forward seeing june interim please hesitate call email questions suggestions regarding workshop hill huntington hillard g huntington emf international forum energy environmental markets voice terman center fax stanford university email hillh stanford edu stanford ca emf website http www stanford edu group emf
"Subject: re : infocast ' s valuing electric power assets and companies : a real  options perspective  good morning ,  i am sorry , to hear that you will not be able to join us - would know of  anybody else at enron who would possibly be interested in presenting at our  conference ?  thank you for your assistance in this matter - - - - - britta - - - -  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : thursday , april 13 , 2000 6 : 08 am  to : brittab @ . com  cc : vince j kaminski  subject : re : infocast ' s valuing electric power assets and companies : a  real options perspective  britta ,  thanks for your message .  i have several commitments at the time of the conference  and have to decline with regret .  vince  "" britta bothe "" on 04 / 12 / 2000 03 : 52 : 46 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : infocast ' s valuing electric power assets and companies : a real  options  perspective  dear mr . kaminsky ,  as i mentioned on your voice mail , infocast is going to host an ? valuing  electric power assets and companies : a real options perspective ? conference  to be held on july 31 - august 2 , 2000 , in chicago , il - i would like to  explore your or your organization ' s possible participation at this event  with you . this conference has been designed to bring together industry  professionals , like you , to provide the latest details on a "" real options ""  approach to electric power asset valuation .  i have attached a draft program outline for your review . if you or someone  else at your company is interested in presenting on one of the topics please  let me know .  i truly appreciate your taking the time to review the conference schedule  and hope that you will consider participating . i am running behind schedule  in finalizing this program . i will call you on tomorrow to follow up with  you on this invitation . in the meantime , if you have any questions or  suggestions , please do not hesitate to contact me at ( 818 ) 888 - 4445 , ext .  30 . i hope you can join us for this event .  sincerely ,  britta bothe  infocast  conference manager  ( see attached file : ea & cv , program outline , scenario 1 . doc )",0,infocast valuing electric power assets companies real options perspective good morning sorry hear able join us would know anybody else enron would possibly interested presenting conference thank assistance matter britta original message vince j kaminski mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent thursday april brittab com cc vince j kaminski subject infocast valuing electric power assets companies real options perspective britta thanks message several commitments time conference decline regret vince britta bothe pm please respond cc subject infocast valuing electric power assets companies real options perspective dear mr kaminsky mentioned voice mail infocast going host valuing electric power assets companies real options perspective conference held july august chicago il would like explore organization possible participation event conference designed bring together industry professionals like provide latest details real options approach electric power asset valuation attached draft program outline review someone else company interested presenting one topics please let know truly appreciate taking time review conference schedule hope consider participating running behind schedule finalizing program call tomorrow follow invitation meantime questions suggestions please hesitate contact ext hope join us event sincerely britta bothe infocast conference manager see attached file ea cv program outline scenario doc
"Subject: united healthcare contracting update  to : houston area employees participating in domestic medical plan benefits  from : enron human resources  we are pleased to pass along to you the fact that united healthcare ( uhc ) and  memorial herman health systems ( mhhs ) reached agreement on a long - term  contract . there will be no disruption in terms of accessing network  services from the hospital system or those providers who were scheduled to be  terminated . employees currently electing uhc will receive a confirming  letter shortly from uhc .  as mentioned in our earlier memo , it is our understanding that cigna has also  been contacted by mhhs and are now in contract negotiations .  open enrollment packages are in the mail and you should consider the above  facts when making your decision on your medical election .",0,united healthcare contracting update houston area employees participating domestic medical plan benefits enron human resources pleased pass along fact united healthcare uhc memorial herman health systems mhhs reached agreement long term contract disruption terms accessing network services hospital system providers scheduled terminated employees currently electing uhc receive confirming letter shortly uhc mentioned earlier memo understanding cigna also contacted mhhs contract negotiations open enrollment packages mail consider facts making decision medical election
"Subject: feel insecure about your penis size ?  penis growth patches are here !  http : / / www . retdehola . com / ss /  the biggest shortage of all is the shortage of common sense .  you can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements .  virtue has its own reward , but no box office .  the great aim of education is not knowledge but action .  beware of the young doctor and the old barber .",1,feel insecure penis size penis growth patches http www retdehola com ss biggest shortage shortage common sense tell ideals nation advertisements virtue reward box office great aim education knowledge action beware young doctor old barber
"Subject: wti models  stinson and vince ,  i finalized the presentation for john lavorato , he said he is ready  to present it to greg . he is happy with the work we provided .  i will be on vocation starting next week . i attached the simulation models  here in case that you need them . the oc version deals with open - close  trading and cc version deals with continuous trading .  should you have any questions , or need to run different scenarios , please  call me at home . otherwise , i will see you next year .  merry chrismas and happy new year !  zimin",0,wti models stinson vince finalized presentation john lavorato said ready present greg happy work provided vocation starting next week attached simulation models case need oc version deals open close trading cc version deals continuous trading questions need run different scenarios please call home otherwise see next year merry chrismas happy new year zimin
"Subject: fw : aram g . sogomonian  norma ,  this is the resume of aram sogomonian i mentioned to you .  i would like to bring him over to talk to kevin presto , george hopley  alex huan , seville yaman , tom haliburton , myself .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 12 / 2000  11 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" sogomonian , aram "" on 10 / 11 / 2000 12 : 03 : 16 pm  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : fw : aram g . sogomonian  - aram g 2 . doc",0,fw aram g sogomonian norma resume aram sogomonian mentioned would like bring talk kevin presto george hopley alex huan seville yaman tom haliburton vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect sogomonian aram pm vkamins enron com cc subject fw aram g sogomonian aram g doc
Subject: ethylene margin collar model  dear all :  let us meet early this afternoon .  here is the overview of the model :  1 ) the ethylene margin collars are priced using asian spread option .  the forward curve and volatility curve are provided by the desk .  the correlation between the ethylene and ethylene cost starts from the  historical spot correlation 50 % and grows with the maturity .  2 ) the overall 40 mm payout cap is modeled sepereately .  i fitted the historical spread ( 10 years data ) to a mean reverting model  with stronger mean reverting strength on the floor side . the model  produces  trajectories that are statistically simular to the historical data .  then the expected payoff is computed through simulation .  at the meeting we will discuss the assumptions and present the results .  zimin,0,ethylene margin collar model dear let us meet early afternoon overview model ethylene margin collars priced using asian spread option forward curve volatility curve provided desk correlation ethylene ethylene cost starts historical spot correlation grows maturity overall mm payout cap modeled sepereately fitted historical spread years data mean reverting model stronger mean reverting strength floor side model produces trajectories statistically simular historical data expected payoff computed simulation meeting discuss assumptions present results zimin
"Subject: re : telephone interview  hi darlene :  vince kaminski and the research group would like to bring todd perry in  for an interview .  they have already had a "" telephone interview "" and feel like he may be a  good fit somewhere in the research group . a copy of his resume is attached .  he will be able to come on friday , june 2 .  please contact him and arrange his travel . when this is completed , call  me and we will set up the interview schedule .  the interviewers would be :  vince kaminski  stinson gibner  krishna krishnarao  grant masson  zimin lu  vasant shanbhogue  if you have any questions , please call me .  thanks !  shirley  todd a . perry  - resume 2 . doc  todd a . perry  department of finance 541 . 346 . 1341 ( voice )  lundquist college of business 541 . 346 . 3341 ( fax )  1208 university of oregon  eugene , or 97403 - 1208  http : / / darkwing . uoregon . edu / ~ taperry",0,telephone interview hi darlene vince kaminski research group would like bring todd perry interview already telephone interview feel like may good fit somewhere research group copy resume attached able come friday june please contact arrange travel completed call set interview schedule interviewers would vince kaminski stinson gibner krishna krishnarao grant masson zimin lu vasant shanbhogue questions please call thanks shirley todd perry resume doc todd perry department finance voice lundquist college business fax university oregon eugene http darkwing uoregon edu taperry
"Subject: fw : more energy amends  fiona ,  ?  please find attached a brochure for the advertisement of the book . ? it ' s  similar to the other material we sent , so i ' m assuming it will need the same  modifications . ? please pass along all the modifications as soon as  possible . ? receiving the changes from enron is the ? only thing holding up the  printing of the book . ? please let us know if there is anything that you need  from us .  ?  sincerely ,  ?  julie  ?  lacima group  - lres energ der a 4 flyer 2 . pdf",0,fw energy amends fiona please find attached brochure advertisement book similar material sent assuming need modifications please pass along modifications soon possible receiving changes enron thing holding printing book please let us know anything need us sincerely julie lacima group lres energ der flyer pdf
"Subject: extra time - last 5 - 10 times longer  hello ,  did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of  penetration ?  premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly  and without control . it occurs before or shortly after  penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual  pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of  guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression .  extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that ,  not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually "" cures "" it .  extra - time is the only product that allows "" you "" to control  when you ejaculate .  - non - hormonal herbal therapy .  - acts locally on the sex organs .  - regulates process of ejaculation .  - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway .  - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain .  look here : http : / / tabboulehs . net / et / ? meds  no thanks : http : / / tabboulehs . net / rr . php",1,extra time last times longer hello ejaculate within minutes penetration premature ejaculation occurs ejaculate quickly without control occurs shortly penetration premature ejaculation interferes sexual pleasure partner causes feelings guilt embarrassment frustration depression extra time male sexual performance formula stops premature ejaculation actually cures extra time product allows control ejaculate non hormonal herbal therapy acts locally sex organs regulates process ejaculation acts neuro endocrine pathway acts high centers emotion brain look http tabboulehs net et meds thanks http tabboulehs net rr php
"Subject: associate & analyst prc update  the prc process for the associate & analyst programs has been revised . the  office of the chairman , in conjunction with the heads of each operating  company , has established a prc committee for the associates and one for the  analysts . each committee will oversee the respective prc meetings . details  of the process are as follows :  i . prc committee members  associate prc committee  sally beck don w . black dan catagnola  paul chivers ed coats dave duran  bob hayes sean homes fred kelly  dick leibert sean long scott neal  ozzie pagan kevin presto brad richter  mark ruane jim steffes  analyst prc committee  dave bowers federico cerisoli ed coats  david crews brenda herod rogers herndon  ben jacoby steve jernigan william gehle  jay lewis ( james w ) paul mead mike norris  rockey storie jon thomsen emilio vicens  ii . meeting logistics  enron will hold eastern hemisphere associate and analyst prc meetings on july  17 th in london . the prc for the eastern hemisphere will include europe , india  and asia and will be chaired by john sherriff .  the western hemisphere associate and analyst prc meetings will be held on  july 19 th in houston . the prc for the western hemisphere will include south  america , calgary , portland , houston and australia ( houston administers it )  and will be chaired by joe sutton . the analyst prc will be conducted from  8 : 00 a . m . to 12 : 30 p . m . , and the associate prc will be conducted from 1 : 30  p . m . to 6 : 30 p . m .  iii . process  each prc representative has been randomly assigned 15 to 17 associates or  analysts that they will represent in the prc meeting . please note the prc  rep is not representing only those individuals who may work in his or her  specific opco but individuals that work throughout the organization . the prc  rep will continue to represent the assigned associates or analysts during  their entire tenure with the program .  the prc reps are expected to contact the prc supervisor and gather  performance information ( including pre - ratings if available ) .  the program will prepare a binder for each prc rep that includes consolidated  feedback from the pep system for their assigned associates or analysts and  will provide this to the prc representatives on july 7 th .  associates and analysts will be pre - rated by their business unit supervisor  using the six performance ratings ( superior - issues ) and the management  professional feedback form as detailed in the pep system . the pre - ratings  must be loaded into pep by july 6 th .  the associate and analyst ratings will be cross - calibrated by tenure at the  meeting as follows :  associates :  level 1 : 0 to 6 months  level 2 : 7 to 12 months  levels 3 & 4 will be reviewed together : 13 months + .  analysts :  level 1 : 0 to 6 months  level 2 : 7 to 12 months  level 3 : 13 to 24 months  level 4 and 5 will be reviewed together : 25 months +  the rating determined in the global cross calibration meeting is final , and  cannot be changed once the meeting has ended .  following the global associate and analyst prc , the associates  , and the  analysts  , supervisors will obtain the final rating from the prc  representative . the supervisors must ensure that an evaluation session is  conducted and the final rating is communicated to each associate and analyst  by september 15 th . the completed form must be signed by the associate or  analyst and returned to terry bosien in human resources by 9 / 18 / 00 .  iv . promotions  all promotions must be recommended in the prc .  associates are eligible for promotion to manager at their 18 and 24 month  anniversary .  timing . anniversaries that occur from april lst through september 30 th  should be recommended in the july prc and those that occur from october lst  through march 31 st should be recommended in the december prc . if the  promotion is granted it would become effective on the lst of the month  following the prc , or on the associate  , s anniversary date , whichever is later .  associates promoted after march 31 st for the july prc and after september  30 th for the december prc will be evaluated as associates for prc purposes ,  not as a manager ( i . e . an associate was promoted to manager effective april lst . in the july prc the individual should be evaluated as an associate not  as a manager ) .  2 nd year analysts are to be recommended for promotion to 3 rd year analysts  after completing the 2 nd year , utilizing the same timing criteria outlined  above ( i . e . , an analyst who completes the 2 nd year on september 30 th should  be recommended for promotion to 3 rd year analyst in the july prc ) .  3 rd year analysts may be recommended for promotion to associate after  completing the 3 rd year , utilizing the same timing criteria outlined above  ( i . e . , an analyst who completes the 3 rd year on september 30 th should be  recommended for promotion to associate in the july prc ) .  please call terry bosien at 713 / 853 - 5230 or celeste roberts at 713 / 853 - 0555  if you have any questions .",0,associate analyst prc update prc process associate analyst programs revised office chairman conjunction heads operating company established prc committee associates one analysts committee oversee respective prc meetings details process follows prc committee members associate prc committee sally beck w black dan catagnola paul chivers ed coats dave duran bob hayes sean homes fred kelly dick leibert sean long scott neal ozzie pagan kevin presto brad richter mark ruane jim steffes analyst prc committee dave bowers federico cerisoli ed coats david crews brenda herod rogers herndon ben jacoby steve jernigan william gehle jay lewis james w paul mead mike norris rockey storie jon thomsen emilio vicens ii meeting logistics enron hold eastern hemisphere associate analyst prc meetings july th london prc eastern hemisphere include europe india asia chaired john sherriff western hemisphere associate analyst prc meetings held july th houston prc western hemisphere include south america calgary portland houston australia houston administers chaired joe sutton analyst prc conducted p associate prc conducted p p iii process prc representative randomly assigned associates analysts represent prc meeting please note prc rep representing individuals may work specific opco individuals work throughout organization prc rep continue represent assigned associates analysts entire tenure program prc reps expected contact prc supervisor gather performance information including pre ratings available program prepare binder prc rep includes consolidated feedback pep system assigned associates analysts provide prc representatives july th associates analysts pre rated business unit supervisor using six performance ratings superior issues management professional feedback form detailed pep system pre ratings must loaded pep july th associate analyst ratings cross calibrated tenure meeting follows associates level months level months levels reviewed together months analysts level months level months level months level reviewed together months rating determined global cross calibration meeting final changed meeting ended following global associate analyst prc associates analysts supervisors obtain final rating prc representative supervisors must ensure evaluation session conducted final rating communicated associate analyst september th completed form must signed associate analyst returned terry bosien human resources iv promotions promotions must recommended prc associates eligible promotion manager month anniversary timing anniversaries occur april lst september th recommended july prc occur october lst march st recommended december prc promotion granted would become effective lst month following prc associate anniversary date whichever later associates promoted march st july prc september th december prc evaluated associates prc purposes manager e associate promoted manager effective april lst july prc individual evaluated associate manager nd year analysts recommended promotion rd year analysts completing nd year utilizing timing criteria outlined e analyst completes nd year september th recommended promotion rd year analyst july prc rd year analysts may recommended promotion associate completing rd year utilizing timing criteria outlined e analyst completes rd year september th recommended promotion associate july prc please call terry bosien celeste roberts questions
"Subject: storage story  see my storage story that begins on 1 . plus you might find the issue to be  of interest . i will be doing little occasionally fee pieces for the  transportation &  storage report and will be having lunch with them tomorrow so any thoughts  you have on my piece or the report would be appreciated .  best regards ,  jhherbert  - tso 6 - 29 . pdf",0,storage story see storage story begins plus might find issue interest little occasionally fee pieces transportation storage report lunch tomorrow thoughts piece report would appreciated best regards jhherbert tso pdf
"Subject: professionally - designed logos and identities  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of ioqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketing  toois wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amonqthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,professionally designed logos identities thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom design ioqos stationery web sites careful hand thesepowerfui marketing toois wili bring breath fresh air business make stand amonqthe competitors ciick away future success ciick see sampies artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
"Subject: met office presentation . . .  vince -  just fyi to keep you informed on our ews european effort . . .  steve is doing a good job taking the bull by the horns ,  i asked him to rapidly build a client base and associated support system  looking good !  - mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001  08 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : stephen bennett @ enron 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 10 am  to : annette harris / lon / ect @ ect  cc : tony hamilton / eu / enron @ enron , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose  marquez / corp / enron @ enron  subject : met office presentation . . .  annette . . .  we just wanted to drop you a quick line to thank you for the invitation to  the uk met presentation today ! tony and i are currently trying to get a  grasp of what the traders here require in the way of weather information and  are building a support structure for them . as such - we will need to have  close ties with the uk met office as well as other data providers . the  information presented today was very helpful .  we ' d like to take a little time to sit down with you - and / or some of the  other participants whose markets are weather driven . we ' d like to get a feel  for what data is already streaming in - and then get an idea as to how we can  utilize and supplement that data for the europe markets . we have a model  created in houston to start from - but we want to make sure to tailor to the  needs of the traders here .  would you like to take some time to sit down and chat ? perhaps tony and i  can take you and some others out to lunch - or for an afternoon coffee ?  thanks for your help . . .  stephen bennett  senior meteorologist  enron research  in london : april 7 - 27 : ext - 34761  tony hamilton  meteorology manager  enron research  ext . 3 - 2523",0,met office presentation vince fyi keep informed ews european effort steve good job taking bull horns asked rapidly build client base associated support system looking good mike forwarded mike roberts hou ect enron north america corp stephen bennett enron annette harris lon ect ect cc tony hamilton eu enron enron mike roberts hou ect ect jose marquez corp enron enron subject met office presentation annette wanted drop quick line thank invitation uk met presentation today tony currently trying get grasp traders require way weather information building support structure need close ties uk met office well data providers information presented today helpful like take little time sit participants whose markets weather driven like get feel data already streaming get idea utilize supplement data europe markets model created houston start want make sure tailor needs traders would like take time sit chat perhaps tony take others lunch afternoon coffee thanks help stephen bennett senior meteorologist enron research london april ext tony hamilton meteorology manager enron research ext
Subject: you are approved ! ! ! ( 158545 )  our loan packages have  never been more attractive !  now is the time to refinance your  home or get a second mortgage to consolidate  all of your high interestcredit card debt . get all the smart cash you ' ll need !  cash out your equity while rates  are low !  all usa homeowners easily qualify !  damaged  credit is never a problem !  we work with  nation - wide lenders that are offering great deals  and will provide you with the best service on the internet !  our service is 100 % free !  click here for more details and  to receive a no obligation quotation today !  we strongly oppose the  use of spam email and do not want anyone who does not wish to receive  ourmailings to receive them . please click here to be deleted from further  communication  click here to unsubscribe from future promotions .  77259,1,approved loan packages never attractive time refinance home get second mortgage consolidate high interestcredit card debt get smart cash need cash equity rates low usa homeowners easily qualify damaged credit never problem work nation wide lenders offering great deals provide best service internet service free click details receive obligation quotation today strongly oppose use spam email want anyone wish receive ourmailings receive please click deleted communication click unsubscribe future promotions
"Subject: re : weather and energy price data  mulong wang on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 58 : 43 am  to :  cc :  subject : re : weather and energy price data  hello , elena :  thank you very much for your data . i sent an email to ft but had no  response so far . as soon as i got their permission i will let you know .  have a great day !  mulong  on thu , 19 apr 2001 elena . chilkina @ enron . com wrote :  >  > mulong ,  >  > please find attached a file with henry hub natural gas prices . the data  > starts from 1995 and given on the daily basis , please let us know when we  > can proceed with electricity prices .  >  > sincerely ,  > elena chilkina  >  > ( see attached file : henryhub . xls )  >  >  >  >  >  >  > vince j kaminski @ ect  > 04 / 16 / 2001 08 : 19 am  >  > to : mulong wang @ enron  > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron ,  > macminnr @ uts . cc . utexas . edu  >  > subject : re : weather and energy price data ( document link : elena  > chilkina )  >  > mulong ,  >  > we shall send you natural gas henry hub prices right away .  > please look at the last winter and the winter of  > 95 / 96 .  >  > we shall prepare for you the electricity price  > information ( cinergy , cobb and palo verde ) but  > you have to approach ft ( the publishers of  > megawatts daily , a newsletter that produces the price  > index we recommend using ) and request the permision  > to use the data . we are not allowed to distribute  > this information .  >  > please , explain that this is for academic research and that  > we can produce the time series for you ,  > conditional on the permission from the publishers  > of megawatts daily .  >  > vince kaminski  >  >  >  > mulong wang on 04 / 15 / 2001 03 : 43 : 26 am  >  > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  > cc : richard macminn  > subject : weather and energy price data  >  >  > dear dr . kaminski :  >  > i am a phd candidate under the supervision of drs . richard macminn and  > patrick brockett . i am now working on my dissertation which is focused on  > the weather derivatives and credit derivatives .  >  > could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about  > the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions ?  >  > the past winter of 2000 was very cold nationwide , and there may be a  > significant price jump for natural gas or electricity . could you  > please offer me some energy price data during that time period ?  >  > your kind assistance will be highly appreciated and have a great day !  >  > mulong  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,weather energy price data mulong wang cc subject weather energy price data hello elena thank much data sent email ft response far soon got permission let know great day mulong thu apr elena chilkina enron com wrote mulong please find attached file henry hub natural gas prices data starts given daily basis please let us know proceed electricity prices sincerely elena chilkina see attached file henryhub xls vince j kaminski ect mulong wang enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect elena chilkina corp enron enron macminnr uts cc utexas edu subject weather energy price data document link elena chilkina mulong shall send natural gas henry hub prices right away please look last winter winter shall prepare electricity price information cinergy cobb palo verde approach ft publishers megawatts daily newsletter produces price index recommend using request permision use data allowed distribute information please explain academic research produce time series conditional permission publishers megawatts daily vince kaminski mulong wang vkamins ect enron com cc richard macminn subject weather energy price data dear dr kaminski phd candidate supervision drs richard macminn patrick brockett working dissertation focused weather derivatives credit derivatives could kindly please offer real weather data information price peak plummet weather conditions past winter cold nationwide may significant price jump natural gas electricity could please offer energy price data time period kind assistance highly appreciated great day mulong
"Subject: persian kilims and rugs  dear  professional decorator / designer : we go to remote areas of iran ( persia )  to bring you old and antique nomadic kilims and rugs . we  invite you to see parts of our collection by visiting our website ( www . pazirik . com ) . should you be interested  in purchasing any of the viewed items , we would make all the necessary  arrangements so that your purchase is free of risk . best  regards ,  pazirik . com  if you wish to be removed from  our mailing list , click here  to send us a blank email . your email will be automatically removed  fromthe list . ",1,persian kilims rugs dear professional decorator designer go remote areas iran persia bring old antique nomadic kilims rugs invite see parts collection visiting website www pazirik com interested purchasing viewed items would make necessary arrangements purchase free risk best regards pazirik com wish removed mailing list click send us blank email email automatically removed fromthe list
"Subject: re : next visit to houston  ed ,  i shall be available on both days . what about wednesday ,  july 12 , between 1 : 30 and 4 : 00 . please , let me know  what time would work for you .  it will be nice to see you again .  vince  p . s . by the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the eol ?  "" edward krapels "" on 06 / 28 / 2000 02 : 49 : 41 pm  please respond to ekrapels @ esaibos . com  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : next visit to houston  dear vince ,  i will be returning to houston during the week of july 10 .  esai and weather services international have launched - - after more than 18  months of r & d - - our service , called energycast power trader and energycast  gas trader , for power traders in nepool and pjm . i would be happy to review  the service with you as well as take you on a tour of our web site . are you  available on july 12 - 13 ?  sincerely ,  ed krapels  - 61900 _ wsiesai _ energycast . doc",0,next visit houston ed shall available days wednesday july please let know time would work nice see vince p way chance take look eol edward krapels pm please respond ekrapels esaibos com vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject next visit houston dear vince returning houston week july esai weather services international launched months r service called energycast power trader energycast gas trader power traders nepool pjm would happy review service well take tour web site available july sincerely ed krapels wsiesai energycast doc
"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  orderinq viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miliions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1,ready get hello viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction like one jokes sais strong enough man made woman orderinq viagra oniine convinient fast secure way miliions people daiiy save privacy money order
"Subject: manoj gupta - interview schedule  attached you will find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .  the interview will happen monday , april 16 , 2001 . please print all three  documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  sasha divelbiss  58714",0,manoj gupta interview schedule attached find interview packet referenced person interview happen monday april please print three documents hard copies questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact sasha divelbiss
"Subject: cameron payne  vince , congratulations on your promotion . hope the litigation lawyers are  leaving you alone .  i ' m attaching a resume of a friend of mine , cameron payne . i don ' t know if  you are looking for anyone but cameron is pretty special , as you ' ll see from  his resume . call him or me if you ' re interested in talking to him . i ' m  forwarding his resume to fastow and whalley , too , in case they see a fit .  take care . bob",0,cameron payne vince congratulations promotion hope litigation lawyers leaving alone attaching resume friend mine cameron payne know looking anyone cameron pretty special see resume call interested talking forwarding resume fastow whalley case see fit take care bob
"Subject: 6 % commission on 12 month "" cd - style "" annuity  3 . 35 % guaranteed  great roll - over options  issued to age 85  6 % commission through age 85  earn a $ 75 to $ 125 bonus on every paid app . . .  bonus offer expires july 31 , 2002  call or e - mail mo marketing today !  or  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  we don ' t want anyone  to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication  sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,  do not reply to this message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,commission month cd style annuity guaranteed great roll options issued age commission age earn bonus every paid app bonus offer expires july call e mail mo marketing today please fill form information name e mail phone city state want anyone receive mailings wish professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: california update 5 / 4 / 01  if you have any questions , please contact kristin walsh at ( 713 ) 853 - 9510 .  bridge loan financing bills may not meet their may 8 th deadline due to lack of support  sources report there will not be a vote regarding the authorization for the bond issuance / bridge loan by the may 8 th deadline . any possibility for a deal has reportedly fallen apart . according to sources , both the republicans and democratic caucuses are turning against davis . the democratic caucus is reportedly "" unwilling to fight "" for davis . many legislative republicans and democrats reportedly do not trust davis and express concern that , once the bonds are issued to replenish the general fund , davis would "" double dip "" into the fund . clearly there is a lack of good faith between the legislature and the governor . however , it is believed once davis discloses the details of the power contracts negotiated , a bond issuance will take place . additionally , some generator sources have reported that some of the long - term power contracts ( as opposed to those still in development ) require that the bond issuance happen by july 1 , 2001 . if not , the state may be in breach of contract . sources state that if the legislature does not pass the bridge loan legislation by may 8 th , having a bond issuance by july lst will be very difficult .  the republicans were planning to offer an alternative plan whereby the state would "" eat "" the $ 5 billion cost of power spent to date out of the general fund , thereby decreasing the amount of the bond issuance to approximately $ 8 billion . however , the reportedly now are not going to offer even this concession . sources report that the republicans intend to hold out for full disclosure of the governor ' s plan for handling the crisis , including the details and terms of all long - term contracts he has negotiated , before they will support the bond issuance to go forward .  currently there are two bills dealing with the bridge loan ; ab 8 x and ab 31 x . ab 8 x authorizes the dwr to sell up to $ 10 billion in bonds . this bill passed the senate in march , but has stalled in the assembly due to a lack of republican support . ab 31 x deals with energy conservation programs for community college districts . however , sources report this bill may be amended to include language relevant to the bond sale by senator bowen , currently in ab 8 x . senator bowen ' s language states that the state should get paid before the utilities from rate payments ( which , if passed , would be likely to cause a socal bankruptcy ) .  according to sources close to the republicans in the legislature , republicans do not believe there should be a bridge loan due to money available in the general fund . for instance , tony strickland has stated that only 1 / 2 of the bonds ( or approximately $ 5 billion ) should be issued . other republicans reportedly do not support issuing any bonds . the republicans intend to bring this up in debate on monday . additionally , lehman brothers reportedly also feels that a bridge loan is unnecessary and there are some indications that lehman may back out of the bridge loan .  key points of the bridge financing  initial loan amount : $ 4 . 125 b  lenders : jp morgan $ 2 . 5 b  lehman brothers $ 1 . 0 b  bear stearns $ 625 m  tax exempt portion : of the $ 4 . 125 b ; $ 1 . 6 b is expected to be tax - exempt  projected interest rate : taxable rate 5 . 77 %  tax - exempt rate 4 . 77 %  current projected  blended ir : 5 . 38 %  maturity date : august 29 , 2001  for more details please contact me at ( 713 ) 853 - 9510  bill sb 6 x passed the senate yesterday , but little can be done at this time  the senate passed sb 6 x yesterday , which authorizes $ 5 billion to create the california consumer power and conservation authority . the $ 5 billion authorized under sb 6 x is not the same as the $ 5 billion that must be authorized by the legislature to pay for power already purchased , or the additional amount of bonds that must be authorized to pay for purchasing power going forward . again , the republicans are not in support of these authorizations . without the details of the long - term power contracts the governor has negotiated , the republicans do not know what the final bond amount is that must be issued and that taxpayers will have to pay to support . no further action can be taken regarding the implementation of sb 6 x until it is clarified how and when the state and the utilities get paid for purchasing power . also , there is no staff , defined purpose , etc . for the california public power and conservation authority . however , this can be considered a victory for consumer advocates , who began promoting this idea earlier in the crisis .  socal edison and bankruptcy  at this point , two events would be likely to trigger a socal bankruptcy . the first would be a legislative rejection of the mou between socal and the governor . the specified deadline for legislative approval of the mou is august 15 th , however , some decision will likely be made earlier . according to sources , the state has yet to sign the mou with socal , though socal has signed it . the republicans are against the mou in its current form and davis and the senate lack the votes needed to pass . if the legislature indicates that it will not pas the mou , socal would likely file for voluntary bankruptcy ( or its creditor - involuntary ) due to the lack operating cash .  the second likely triggering event , which is linked directly to the bond issuance , would be an effort by senator bowen to amend sb 31 x ( bridge loan ) stating that the dwr would received 100 % of its payments from ratepayers , then the utilities would receive the residual amount . in other words , the state will get paid before the utilities . if this language is included and passed by the legislature , it appears likely that socal will likely file for bankruptcy . socal is urging the legislature to pay both the utilities and the dwr proportionately from rate payments .",0,california update questions please contact kristin walsh bridge loan financing bills may meet may th deadline due lack support sources report vote regarding authorization bond issuance bridge loan may th deadline possibility deal reportedly fallen apart according sources republicans democratic caucuses turning davis democratic caucus reportedly unwilling fight davis many legislative republicans democrats reportedly trust davis express concern bonds issued replenish general fund davis would double dip fund clearly lack good faith legislature governor however believed davis discloses details power contracts negotiated bond issuance take place additionally generator sources reported long term power contracts opposed still development require bond issuance happen july state may breach contract sources state legislature pass bridge loan legislation may th bond issuance july lst difficult republicans planning offer alternative plan whereby state would eat billion cost power spent date general fund thereby decreasing amount bond issuance approximately billion however reportedly going offer even concession sources report republicans intend hold full disclosure governor plan handling crisis including details terms long term contracts negotiated support bond issuance go forward currently two bills dealing bridge loan ab x ab x ab x authorizes dwr sell billion bonds bill passed senate march stalled assembly due lack republican support ab x deals energy conservation programs community college districts however sources report bill may amended include language relevant bond sale senator bowen currently ab x senator bowen language states state get paid utilities rate payments passed would likely cause socal bankruptcy according sources close republicans legislature republicans believe bridge loan due money available general fund instance tony strickland stated bonds approximately billion issued republicans reportedly support issuing bonds republicans intend bring debate monday additionally lehman brothers reportedly also feels bridge loan unnecessary indications lehman may back bridge loan key points bridge financing initial loan amount b lenders jp morgan b lehman brothers b bear stearns tax exempt portion b b expected tax exempt projected interest rate taxable rate tax exempt rate current projected blended ir maturity date august details please contact bill sb x passed senate yesterday little done time senate passed sb x yesterday authorizes billion create california consumer power conservation authority billion authorized sb x billion must authorized legislature pay power already purchased additional amount bonds must authorized pay purchasing power going forward republicans support authorizations without details long term power contracts governor negotiated republicans know final bond amount must issued taxpayers pay support action taken regarding implementation sb x clarified state utilities get paid purchasing power also staff defined purpose etc california public power conservation authority however considered victory consumer advocates began promoting idea earlier crisis socal edison bankruptcy point two events would likely trigger socal bankruptcy first would legislative rejection mou socal governor specified deadline legislative approval mou august th however decision likely made earlier according sources state yet sign mou socal though socal signed republicans mou current form davis senate lack votes needed pass legislature indicates pas mou socal would likely file voluntary bankruptcy creditor involuntary due lack operating cash second likely triggering event linked directly bond issuance would effort senator bowen amend sb x bridge loan stating dwr would received payments ratepayers utilities would receive residual amount words state get paid utilities language included passed legislature appears likely socal likely file bankruptcy socal urging legislature pay utilities dwr proportionately rate payments
"Subject: re : mit financial engineering pro - seminar  claudio ,  i have done it twice in the past . i shall be glad to help again .  vince  from : claudio ribeiro @ enron 11 / 21 / 2000 08 : 32 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : mit financial engineering pro - seminar  vince :  it was stewart myers , head of the financial engineering track . he did not  contact me directly , he contacted josef ( an mit student that spent the summer  with enron and received an offer to come to work with us ) .  josef wanted to know who could make the commitment of sponsoring ( sending the  problem ) .  claudio  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 21 / 2000 08 : 16 am  to : claudio ribeiro / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : mit financial engineering pro - seminar  claudio .  who was the professor who came up with the request ?  vince  from : claudio ribeiro @ enron 11 / 20 / 2000 05 : 04 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect  subject : mit financial engineering pro - seminar  vince ,  i have received a call from mit asking if enron would be interested in  sponsoring a financial engineering pro - seminar .  this means that enron would propose a problem that would have its solution  developed by students in the financial engineering track . these students  would present the findings in the end .  i think that enron has already sponsored a financial engineering pro - seminar .  i remember something about real options at the time i was at school .  please , let me know if enron has the interest , specifically the research .  talking here at the weather desk , mark tawney expressed interest . if you  agree , we ( the weather desk ) could co - sponsor this pro - seminar with the  research . the idea , then , would be to propose a problem connected to weather  trading .  please , give me your thoughts about this issue .  thanks ,  claudio",0,mit financial engineering pro seminar claudio done twice past shall glad help vince claudio ribeiro enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject mit financial engineering pro seminar vince stewart myers head financial engineering track contact directly contacted josef mit student spent summer enron received offer come work us josef wanted know could make commitment sponsoring sending problem claudio vince j kaminski ect claudio ribeiro corp enron enron cc subject mit financial engineering pro seminar claudio professor came request vince claudio ribeiro enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc joseph hrgovcic hou ect ect subject mit financial engineering pro seminar vince received call mit asking enron would interested sponsoring financial engineering pro seminar means enron would propose problem would solution developed students financial engineering track students would present findings end think enron already sponsored financial engineering pro seminar remember something real options time school please let know enron interest specifically research talking weather desk mark tawney expressed interest agree weather desk could co sponsor pro seminar research idea would propose problem connected weather trading please give thoughts issue thanks claudio
"Subject: glad i madde the move  hello , welcome to phar coolie monline sho disrespectful p  - one yellowish of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops  labiate v  corrective g  a prostration l  l opposed l  l molecular a  encephalitis ra maillot cl  i stockjobbery sv mythicize a  analects um  andmanyother .  - s welding ave over 50 %  - worldwide sh resistance lpplng  - total confidentiaii purchasingpower ty  - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 countri canonization es  have a nice day calumniatory !",1,glad madde move hello welcome phar coolie monline sho disrespectful p one yellowish leading oniine pharmaceutical shops labiate v corrective g prostration l l opposed l l molecular encephalitis ra maillot cl stockjobbery sv mythicize analects um andmanyother welding ave worldwide sh resistance lpplng total confidentiaii purchasingpower ty miiiion customers countri canonization es nice day calumniatory
"Subject: younger and healthier with ultimate - hghl 7283  as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn , and even oprah ! the health discovery that actuallyreverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise ! this provendiscovery has even been reported on by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed !  click below to enter our web site :  http : / / www . freehostchina . com / washgh /  would you like to lose weight while you sleep !  no dieting !  no hunger pains !  no cravings !  no strenuous exercise !  change your life forever !  100 % guaranteed !  1 . body fat loss 82 % improvement .  2 . wrinkle reduction 61 % improvement .  3 . energy level 84 % improvement .  4 . muscle strength 88 % improvement .  5 . sexual potency 75 % improvement .  6 . emotional stability 67 % improvement .  7 . memory 62 % improvement .  click below to enter our web site :  http : / / www . freehostchina . com / washgh /  if you want to get removed  from our list please email at - standardoptout @ x 263 . net ( subject = remove "" your email "" ) ",1,younger healthier ultimate hghl seen nbc cbs cnn even oprah health discovery actuallyreverses aging burning fat without dieting exercise provendiscovery even reported new england journal medicine forget aging dieting forever guaranteed click enter web site http www freehostchina com washgh would like lose weight sleep dieting hunger pains cravings strenuous exercise change life forever guaranteed body fat loss improvement wrinkle reduction improvement energy level improvement muscle strength improvement sexual potency improvement emotional stability improvement memory improvement click enter web site http www freehostchina com washgh want get removed list please email standardoptout x net subject remove email
"Subject: organizational changes  we are making a number of significant organizational changes . these changes  are intended to accomplish four key objectives :  first , we need to realign all our wholesale businesses around the successful  business model developed over the last decade in north america and europe .  this model relies on extensive physical and transactional networks built  around a relatively small strategic asset position .  second , we need to significantly streamline corporate reporting  relationships . particularly with joe sutton  , s departure , the ability to  directly manage the day - to - day activities of 15 independent business units  has become increasingly difficult .  third , we need to accomplish these changes without , in any way , compromising  the ongoing profitability of all our businesses and without delaying or  hindering our effort to monetize a significant portion of our lower - yielding  asset positions .  and fourth , as always , we need to take advantage of the reorganization to  redeploy our talent into our highest value opportunities .  enron wholesale services  today , we are forming enron wholesale services ( ews ) which will consolidate  our global wholesale businesses . the closer alignment of our wholesale  businesses will accomplish the following : ( 1 ) enhanced communication and  coordination across business units , ( 2 ) more rapid deployment of people to  higher valued opportunities , ( 3 ) more effective prioritization of  opportunities across the wholesale business , and ( 4 ) more rapid extension of  enron  , s wholesale business model and capabilities into new industries and  markets .  enron wholesale services will include our current north american , european  ( including japan and australia ) , global markets , and industrial markets  operations , and will be expanded to include enron  , s net works business unit  as well as a new unit  ) enron global assets . in addition , enron  , s merchant  businesses outside of north america and europe will be integrated into this  new structure as described below .  mark frevert , currently chairman of each of our wholesale units , will assume  the role of chairman and ceo of enron wholesale services . greg whalley ,  currently chairman and ceo of enron net works , will join mark in the office  of the chairman as president and chief operating officer .  providing further impetus for these organizational changes , several of our  international business unit leaders have elected to move into new leadership  positions :  rebecca mcdonald , currently ceo of enron apachi , will join ews as president  and ceo of enron global assets . enron global assets will have responsibility  for managing all of enron  , s existing energy asset portfolio outside of north  america and europe . joining rebecca in the office of the chairman as coo  will be jim hughes , currently coo of enron apachi . rebecca and jim will  report to the ews office of the chairman .  sanjay bhatnagar , currently ceo of enron india , has joined ebs as ceo for the  middle east and asia region . sanjay will be responsible for building our  broadband business in this region and the current ebs team in this region  will report to sanjay . in this role , sanjay will report to the ebs office of  the chairman . in addition , sanjay will continue to remain responsible for  enron  , s wholesale energy business in india and will transition this business  into enron global assets in the near future .  diomedes christodoulou , currently co - ceo of enron south america , has joined  ebs as chief commercial officer . diomedes will be located in london and will  focus his origination activities on global opportunities , with near term  attention to the wholesale and enterprise sectors . diomedes will report to  the ebs office of the chairman .  jim bannantine , currently co - ceo of enron south america , will be joining ees  to lead ees  , commercial efforts outside north america and europe . in order  to ensure a smooth transition for our south american businesses and to  facilitate our asset sales activities , jim will remain in south america for  at least the next several months and continue to serve as ceo of enron south  america . throughout the transition , jim will report to cliff baxter and to  the office of the chairman of enron wholesale services . following the  transition , jim will join ees .  in addition to these changes in our international asset operations  activities , we are making the following changes in our merchant wholesale  businesses and the commercial support functions :  enron net works  louise kitchen will assume greg  , s previous responsibilities as president and  ceo of enron net works , reporting into mark and greg .  enron americas  concurrent with the transfer to enron global assets of responsibility for  operating enron  , s south and central america asset base , all trading ,  marketing , and new asset development activities in these regions will report  into a new entity , enron americas . enron americas will have responsibility  for all wholesale merchant businesses across north , central and south  america . dave delainey , president and ceo , and john lavorato , chief  operating officer will comprise the office of the chairman for enron  americas .  enron europe  the enron europe organization , which includes enron  , s businesses in australia  and japan , and enron metals , remains unchanged under the leadership of john  sherriff , president and ceo , and michael brown , chief operating officer .  enron global markets  enron global markets , under the leadership of mike mcconnell , president and  ceo , and jeff shankman , chief operating officer , will continue to have  responsibility for enron  , s middle east and lng operations . with the  exception of ecoelectrica in puerto rico , all operating power plants and  associated personnel in the caribbean and central america will transfer to  enron global assets . enron global markets will also continue to manage the  commodity businesses in crude and products , coal , weather , insurance ,  equities , interest rates , foreign exchange , and agricultural products .  enron industrial markets  enron industrial markets  , organization , under the leadership of jeff mcmahon ,  president & ceo , and ray bowen , chief operating officer , remains unchanged .  commercial support for ews  the commercial support functions for ews will remain with , and be managed by ,  the individual business units . we are creating no incremental overhead in  the creation of ews , and in fact hope to reduce our operating costs by more  efficient utilization and sharing of resources across ews .  to this end we have asked several people to take on an expanded role across  ews in addition to their ongoing roles within their business units . these  newly defined roles are as follows :  mid and back office operations  ) sally beck will lead mid and back office  operations across ews . these services will become part of enron net works ,  with sally reporting to louise kitchen and rick causey , executive vice  president and chief accounting officer . this alignment creates a coordinated  services organization with it and e - commerce platforms to support the  wholesale businesses and to maximize opportunities to commercialize these  services . mid and back office services for all commercial activities will  continue to be organized with dedicated operations controllers responsible  for specific commodities and / or geographic locations .  legal  ) mark haedicke will serve in the role of general counsel for ews .  regulatory and government affairs  ) this function will remain organized on a  regional basis . rick shapiro will support all ews businesses operating in  the americas , and mark schroeder , who is based in london , will support all  european and eastern hemisphere operations . rick and mark will also continue  to support all other enron businesses operating in their respective regions  and will continue to report to steve kean , executive vice president and chief  of staff .  public relations  ) this function is also organized primarily on a regional  basis . eric thode will have responsibility for north american activity ,  enron net works , and enron industrial markets . jackie gentle will continue  in her role for enron europe ( including japan and australia ) and john ambler  will have responsibility for activity outside north america and europe as  well as providing support for enron global markets and enron global assets .  these individuals will also continue to have a split reporting relationship  to mark palmer , vice president of communications .  business analysis and reporting  ) wes colwell will expand his role to cover  ews reporting in addition to his current role in north america .  attached for your review is an organization chart for enron wholesale  services which summarizes the changes described here . as this organization  continues to evolve we will keep you informed of any additional changes .  enron global exploration and production  and enron wind  as part of our company - wide initiative to examine our assets and investments  around the world , we are considering a variety of options with respect to  egep and ewc . as a consequence , we are putting these businesses under cliff  baxter  , s direction . jeff sherrick , ceo of egep , and jim noles , ceo of enron  wind , will report to cliff .  corporate staff  we are consolidating the corporate staff functions : human resources ,  government affairs , public relations / communications and administration . in  that regard , cindy olson , executive vice president of human resources and  community relations , will report to steve kean , executive vice president and  chief of staff .  committee structure  in light of the increased leadership opportunities created by enron  , s  growth , the executive committee will be expanded to include more of our  business unit leaders . the primary role of this committee will continue to  be the communication of relevant information across enron  , s businesses and  the coordination of activities across those businesses . we will also be  drawing on this group to lead company - wide initiatives such as the  performance review process and evaluation and creation of new businesses .  the executive committee membership is shown on the attached list .  we are also forming a new committee  ) the enron corporate policy committee .  this group will be responsible for overall corporate policy , personnel  management policy and corporate strategy . the enron corporate policy  committee membership is also shown on the attached list .  we are confident that these changes will align our talent and our capital to  our highest return opportunities . please join us in congratulating and  supporting all of these individuals in their new roles .",0,organizational changes making number significant organizational changes changes intended accomplish four key objectives first need realign wholesale businesses around successful business model developed last decade north america europe model relies extensive physical transactional networks built around relatively small strategic asset position second need significantly streamline corporate reporting relationships particularly joe sutton departure ability directly manage day day activities independent business units become increasingly difficult third need accomplish changes without way compromising ongoing profitability businesses without delaying hindering effort monetize significant portion lower yielding asset positions fourth always need take advantage reorganization redeploy talent highest value opportunities enron wholesale services today forming enron wholesale services ews consolidate global wholesale businesses closer alignment wholesale businesses accomplish following enhanced communication coordination across business units rapid deployment people higher valued opportunities effective prioritization opportunities across wholesale business rapid extension enron wholesale business model capabilities new industries markets enron wholesale services include current north american european including japan australia global markets industrial markets operations expanded include enron net works business unit well new unit enron global assets addition enron merchant businesses outside north america europe integrated new structure described mark frevert currently chairman wholesale units assume role chairman ceo enron wholesale services greg whalley currently chairman ceo enron net works join mark office chairman president chief operating officer providing impetus organizational changes several international business unit leaders elected move new leadership positions rebecca mcdonald currently ceo enron apachi join ews president ceo enron global assets enron global assets responsibility managing enron existing energy asset portfolio outside north america europe joining rebecca office chairman coo jim hughes currently coo enron apachi rebecca jim report ews office chairman sanjay bhatnagar currently ceo enron india joined ebs ceo middle east asia region sanjay responsible building broadband business region current ebs team region report sanjay role sanjay report ebs office chairman addition sanjay continue remain responsible enron wholesale energy business india transition business enron global assets near future diomedes christodoulou currently co ceo enron south america joined ebs chief commercial officer diomedes located london focus origination activities global opportunities near term attention wholesale enterprise sectors diomedes report ebs office chairman jim bannantine currently co ceo enron south america joining ees lead ees commercial efforts outside north america europe order ensure smooth transition south american businesses facilitate asset sales activities jim remain south america least next several months continue serve ceo enron south america throughout transition jim report cliff baxter office chairman enron wholesale services following transition jim join ees addition changes international asset operations activities making following changes merchant wholesale businesses commercial support functions enron net works louise kitchen assume greg previous responsibilities president ceo enron net works reporting mark greg enron americas concurrent transfer enron global assets responsibility operating enron south central america asset base trading marketing new asset development activities regions report new entity enron americas enron americas responsibility wholesale merchant businesses across north central south america dave delainey president ceo john lavorato chief operating officer comprise office chairman enron americas enron europe enron europe organization includes enron businesses australia japan enron metals remains unchanged leadership john sherriff president ceo michael brown chief operating officer enron global markets enron global markets leadership mike mcconnell president ceo jeff shankman chief operating officer continue responsibility enron middle east lng operations exception ecoelectrica puerto rico operating power plants associated personnel caribbean central america transfer enron global assets enron global markets also continue manage commodity businesses crude products coal weather insurance equities interest rates foreign exchange agricultural products enron industrial markets enron industrial markets organization leadership jeff mcmahon president ceo ray bowen chief operating officer remains unchanged commercial support ews commercial support functions ews remain managed individual business units creating incremental overhead creation ews fact hope reduce operating costs efficient utilization sharing resources across ews end asked several people take expanded role across ews addition ongoing roles within business units newly defined roles follows mid back office operations sally beck lead mid back office operations across ews services become part enron net works sally reporting louise kitchen rick causey executive vice president chief accounting officer alignment creates coordinated services organization e commerce platforms support wholesale businesses maximize opportunities commercialize services mid back office services commercial activities continue organized dedicated operations controllers responsible specific commodities geographic locations legal mark haedicke serve role general counsel ews regulatory government affairs function remain organized regional basis rick shapiro support ews businesses operating americas mark schroeder based london support european eastern hemisphere operations rick mark also continue support enron businesses operating respective regions continue report steve kean executive vice president chief staff public relations function also organized primarily regional basis eric thode responsibility north american activity enron net works enron industrial markets jackie gentle continue role enron europe including japan australia john ambler responsibility activity outside north america europe well providing support enron global markets enron global assets individuals also continue split reporting relationship mark palmer vice president communications business analysis reporting wes colwell expand role cover ews reporting addition current role north america attached review organization chart enron wholesale services summarizes changes described organization continues evolve keep informed additional changes enron global exploration production enron wind part company wide initiative examine assets investments around world considering variety options respect egep ewc consequence putting businesses cliff baxter direction jeff sherrick ceo egep jim noles ceo enron wind report cliff corporate staff consolidating corporate staff functions human resources government affairs public relations communications administration regard cindy olson executive vice president human resources community relations report steve kean executive vice president chief staff committee structure light increased leadership opportunities created enron growth executive committee expanded include business unit leaders primary role committee continue communication relevant information across enron businesses coordination activities across businesses also drawing group lead company wide initiatives performance review process evaluation creation new businesses executive committee membership shown attached list also forming new committee enron corporate policy committee group responsible overall corporate policy personnel management policy corporate strategy enron corporate policy committee membership also shown attached list confident changes align talent capital highest return opportunities please join us congratulating supporting individuals new roles
"Subject: some municipal bonds for you to look at . . . . .  i called out muni desk to have them take a look at the current munis avaiable  that looked best at this time to invest $ 50 , 000 going out to 30 years for  you . the following is what they came up with . . . .  pecos co tx cert of obl w / a coupon 5 . 5 % matures in 02 / 01 / 11 callable at par  on 02 / 01 / 07 offered at $ 101 . 964 - aaa rated  brownsville util rev w / a coupon of 5 . 25 % maturing in 09 / 01 / 15 callable at par  on 09 / 01 / 05 offered at $ 97 . 425 - aaa rated  alvin tx isd psf w / a coupon of 5 . 75 % maturing in 08 / 15 / 22 callable at par on  08 / 15 / 10 offered at par - aaa rated  houston tx air revs w / a coupon of 5 . 00 % maturing in 07 / 01 / 28 callable at par  on 07 / 01 / 08 offered at 86 . 479 - aaa rated  remember , these are subject to change , but if these interest you and they are  not still available , i will see if there is something comparable .  talk to you soon . please call me with any questions . thanks , julie",0,municipal bonds look called muni desk take look current munis avaiable looked best time invest going years following came pecos co tx cert obl w coupon matures callable par offered aaa rated brownsville util rev w coupon maturing callable par offered aaa rated alvin tx isd psf w coupon maturing callable par offered par aaa rated houston tx air revs w coupon maturing callable par offered aaa rated remember subject change interest still available see something comparable talk soon please call questions thanks julie
"Subject: my resume  hi vince ,  i spoke with ray again , and he seems to have the background necessary to  work with the insurance group here .  he is not an actuary , but he can work with data . would you mind calling him  on the phone sometime next week ?  please let me know what time you would call him , so i can let him know . once  you speak with him , then maybe we can  bring him down for interviews , if you think it appropriate .  his business phone number is 816 889 4417  thanks ,  vasant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  11 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" spudeck , ray e . ms - res "" on 12 / 29 / 99 02 : 24 : 09 pm  to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : my resume  vasant ,  i enjoyed our telephone conversation this morning . from our conversation ,  it sounds like enron is moving out on the cutting edge of risk transfer and  insurance finance . in my mind , there seem to be a myriad number of  interesting opportunities moving forward . as well , i see a number of issues  that would need to be resolved . frankly , i find that quite exciting . i  left academics largely because i wanted to move into a more "" front line ""  career . while i ' ve enjoyed my work here at the naic , it is still not where i  ultimately see myself . i gathered from your comments some concern about my  being too senior in the organization . if i am interpreting you correctly ,  you are concerned about hands on technical work . i enjoy that immensely and  some of the strengths i bring to the table are the ability to think  creatively about solving financial problems and the the ability to make data  tell the underlying story .  i look forward to talking to you next week . i just found out that our  office building will be closed monday , so i will not be in until tuesday  a . m .  ray spudeck  sr . research associate  ( 816 ) 889 - 4417  rspudeck @ naic . org  >  - resumeres . doc",0,resume hi vince spoke ray seems background necessary work insurance group actuary work data would mind calling phone sometime next week please let know time would call let know speak maybe bring interviews think appropriate business phone number thanks vasant forwarded vasant shanbhogue hou ect spudeck ray e ms res pm vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc subject resume vasant enjoyed telephone conversation morning conversation sounds like enron moving cutting edge risk transfer insurance finance mind seem myriad number interesting opportunities moving forward well see number issues would need resolved frankly find quite exciting left academics largely wanted move front line career enjoyed work naic still ultimately see gathered comments concern senior organization interpreting correctly concerned hands technical work enjoy immensely strengths bring table ability think creatively solving financial problems ability make data tell underlying story look forward talking next week found office building closed monday tuesday ray spudeck sr research associate rspudeck naic org resumeres doc
"Subject: many  dear vince ,  1 . i apologize for not having got back to karla  earlier but dauphine is not properly equipped yet .  2 . the conference with samuelson , merton , heath ,  ross , mckean etc was spectacular . 512 academics  and practitioners came to college de france and  were very grateful .  3 . i was so worn out afterwards that i did not make  it to houston . i just went to visit alex after a week  conference on quantitative risk management  where i was speaking at carnegie mellon  4 . another former phd student of mine has been  testing and improving the software . he is great  and modest ; giving the papers i referee and the  conferences i go to , i do believe that we are still  ahead ( or way ahead ) today . we also beautifully  simplified the valuation of the hourly swings .  obviously , in case of a problem , my reputation  and your esteem would be more valuable  than 30 % of 90 , 000 usd ( to be shared . . . )  5 . i declined risk in houston and newyork  and am not sure i will have the pleasure  to see you in london . in all cases , we  should coordinate for paris soon  helyette",0,many dear vince apologize got back karla earlier dauphine properly equipped yet conference samuelson merton heath ross mckean etc spectacular academics practitioners came college de france grateful worn afterwards make houston went visit alex week conference quantitative risk management speaking carnegie mellon another former phd student mine testing improving software great modest giving papers referee conferences go believe still ahead way ahead today also beautifully simplified valuation hourly swings obviously case problem reputation esteem would valuable usd shared declined risk houston newyork sure pleasure see london cases coordinate paris soon helyette
"Subject: enron tiger team  dear jeff ,  our tiger team very much enjoyed your presentation about enron global markets  on friday . given that we have latitude in our project scope , our team would  like to assist enron in evaluating a new market opportunity . you mentioned  several markets that enron is considering in 2001 , including transportation ,  cement , coffee , cocoa , sugar , etc . we believe that a project of this sort  will give us the opportunity to really learn how enron creates value , what  its business model and core competencies are , and how they can be translated  to a new market . furthermore , we can get an in - depth understanding of an  industry . we believe our project will complement any analysis that your  business group is currently undertaking . please propose the top three new  markets that you would like us to evaluate for enron .  upon receipt of your proposal , perhaps we could set up a conference call to  discuss your thoughts and to make a final selection .  your expeditious response is appreciated .  regards ,  josh leventhal  215 - 546 - 2103",0,enron tiger team dear jeff tiger team much enjoyed presentation enron global markets friday given latitude project scope team would like assist enron evaluating new market opportunity mentioned several markets enron considering including transportation cement coffee cocoa sugar etc believe project sort give us opportunity really learn enron creates value business model core competencies translated new market furthermore get depth understanding industry believe project complement analysis business group currently undertaking please propose top three new markets would like us evaluate enron upon receipt proposal perhaps could set conference call discuss thoughts make final selection expeditious response appreciated regards josh leventhal
"Subject: re : li sun  jeff ,  i met with li sun last night and i shall take her for the first rotation .  she comes across as a very smart and highly motivated person .  i am planning to go with mark palmer to wharton in october to  finalize the deal .  vince  from : jeffrey a shankman 08 / 23 / 2000 06 : 31 am  to : jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : li sun  i ' ve asked vince to get involved with you about getting li into vince ' s  group . this issue needs to be resolved by week ' s end - - we look like we don ' t  have our act together , and that bothers me . especially since we are about to  make a significant monetary investment at wharton , and we could have a new  wharton recruit disgruntled .  vince , can you set up a meeting with you , me and mark palmer to follow up  with our meeting with skilling ? thanks very much . . .  jeff",0,li sun jeff met li sun last night shall take first rotation comes across smart highly motivated person planning go mark palmer wharton october finalize deal vince jeffrey shankman jana giovannini hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject li sun asked vince get involved getting li vince group issue needs resolved week end look like act together bothers especially since make significant monetary investment wharton could new wharton recruit disgruntled vince set meeting mark palmer follow meeting skilling thanks much jeff
"Subject: research re - org  please let me know of any corrections .  - - stinson  teams reporting to krishna , tanya , mike , and maureen have no changes .  ena / egm / eim support to be primarily organized by type of support rather than  by business line under stinson and vasant :  stinson  ( ebs )  martin lin ( * ) , shalesh ganjoo , chonawee supatgiat , iris mack  ( option pricing )  zimin lu , alex huang , tom halliburton , bob lee , paulo issler , ken  parkhill , tom barkley , hector campos  vasant  ( power )  martin lin ( * ) , lance cunningham , sevil yaman  ( risk and market analysis )  amitava dhar , joe hrgovcic , nelson neale , kate lucas  ( * ) martin to have the option of maintaining ties to ebs or to gradually move  to mainly power fundamentals .",0,research org please let know corrections stinson teams reporting krishna tanya mike maureen changes ena egm eim support primarily organized type support rather business line stinson vasant stinson ebs martin lin shalesh ganjoo chonawee supatgiat iris mack option pricing zimin lu alex huang tom halliburton bob lee paulo issler ken parkhill tom barkley hector campos vasant power martin lin lance cunningham sevil yaman risk market analysis amitava dhar joe hrgovcic nelson neale kate lucas martin option maintaining ties ebs gradually move mainly power fundamentals
"Subject: request for assistance  barrister adewale coker chambers  legal practitioners / notary public  blk 804 - law house building  lagos - nigeria .  for your kind attention ,  request for assistance  it is my humble pleasure to write you this letter irrespective of the fact that you do not know me . however , i am in search of a reliable and trustworthy person that can handle a confidential transaction of this nature .  i am barrister adewale coker , a family lawyer to our former military rule , general sani abacha who died suddenly in power some years ago . since his untimely demise , the family has suffered a lot of harassment from the regimes that succeeded him . the regime and even the present civilian government are made up of abacha ' s enemies . recently , the wife was banned from traveling outside kano state their home state as a kind of house arrest and the eldest son still in detention . although , a lot of money have been recovered from mrs . abacha since the death of her husband by the present government , there ' s still huge sums of money in hard currencies that we have been able to move out of the country for safe keeping to the tune of us $ 50 million . this money us $ 50 million is already in north american and if you are interested , we will prepare you as the beneficiary of the total funds , and you will share 25 % of the total funds after clearance from the security company .  note , there is no risk involved in this project because l am involved as abacha ' s confidant . please you should keep this transaction a top secret and we are prepared to do more business with you pending your approach towards this project . i await your urgent response . thanks .  yours faithfully  barrister adewale coker .  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,request assistance barrister adewale coker chambers legal practitioners notary public blk law house building lagos nigeria kind attention request assistance humble pleasure write letter irrespective fact know however search reliable trustworthy person handle confidential transaction nature barrister adewale coker family lawyer former military rule general sani abacha died suddenly power years ago since untimely demise family suffered lot harassment regimes succeeded regime even present civilian government made abacha enemies recently wife banned traveling outside kano state home state kind house arrest eldest son still detention although lot money recovered mrs abacha since death husband present government still huge sums money hard currencies able move country safe keeping tune us million money us million already north american interested prepare beneficiary total funds share total funds clearance security company note risk involved project l involved abacha confidant please keep transaction top secret prepared business pending approach towards project await urgent response thanks faithfully barrister adewale coker sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: an invitation from lisa @ freightmart . com  to be removed from any future offers , simply click here !  for more info , click here !  http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork",1,invitation lisa freightmart com removed future offers simply click info click http xent com mailman listinfo fork
"Subject: re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  vince ,  i quite agree , we have to separate out price and position ,  and that is what we have done with the historical simulations / evt ideas . we  have taken today ' s delta - gamma , hold that frozen , and gone back historically  and looked at price changes and see what happens to portfolio changes .  garman and company have looked at gross historical portfolio changes , which i  agree is not the best approach , due to the artificiality imposed by largest  net open positions ( nop ) , such as we have seen recently .  regards  naveen  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 13 / 2000 10 : 31 am  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir  gorny / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  tanya , naveen ,  just a thought . changes in the portfolio values may combine both the changes  of prices and positions .  this happens if one tracks changes in the value of our historical gas  portfolio . a big jump in  the volumetric position from day to day , combined with a moderate price  movement may produce an  observation that looks artificially big .  if the volumetric position was frozen , it ' s just a scaling factor and there  should be  no discrepancy between your numbers . of course , the correct approach  is to separate the price process from the position changes .  vince  tanya tamarchenko  11 / 13 / 2000 08 : 38 am  to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  naveen ,  i am trying to answer the question : what is the appropriate stochastic  process to model the behavior  of commodities ' prices in our var model . so what i do care about is the  behavior of log - returns .  any help is appreciated .  tanya .  naveen andrews @ enron  11 / 10 / 2000 04 : 35 pm  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  tanya ,  we care about portfolio value changes , not log - returns of a  single contract , which has extremes in the behavior and can be fit to a  fat - tailed distribution . a 1 . 20 basis move , with 500 bcf position , is an  extreme event , anyway you slice it . in the literature , as elsewhere , i agree  for a single contract log - returns , they don ' t divide by vols .  regards  naveen  tanya tamarchenko @ ect  11 / 10 / 2000 04 : 17 pm  to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  naveen ,  i got ngi - socal prices for prompt , prompt + 1 , . . . , prompt + 59 contracts .  for each contract i calculated moving average based on 21 log - returns as  well as moving volatility . then i calculated normalized log - returns :  [ return ( t ) - ave ( t ) ] / vol ( t )  and compared the results to normal distribution .  i could not find fat tails !  volatility changes a lot from day to day , so when people look at  log - returns ( not normalized ) it seems that there fat tails ( big spikes , large  returns more frequent than normal ) ,  which comes from the fact that volatility is not constant ( at all ) .  see the spreadsheet is under o : \ _ dropbox \ tanya  tanya",0,looking fat tails time series ngi socal vince quite agree separate price position done historical simulations evt ideas taken today delta gamma hold frozen gone back historically looked price changes see happens portfolio changes garman company looked gross historical portfolio changes agree best approach due artificiality imposed largest net open positions nop seen recently regards naveen vince j kaminski ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc naveen andrews corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect vladimir gorny hou ect ect subject looking fat tails time series ngi socal tanya naveen thought changes portfolio values may combine changes prices positions happens one tracks changes value historical gas portfolio big jump volumetric position day day combined moderate price movement may produce observation looks artificially big volumetric position frozen scaling factor discrepancy numbers course correct approach separate price process position changes vince tanya tamarchenko naveen andrews corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect vladimir gorny hou ect ect subject looking fat tails time series ngi socal naveen trying answer question appropriate stochastic process model behavior commodities prices var model care behavior log returns help appreciated tanya naveen andrews enron pm tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect vladimir gorny hou ect ect subject looking fat tails time series ngi socal tanya care portfolio value changes log returns single contract extremes behavior fit fat tailed distribution basis move bcf position extreme event anyway slice literature elsewhere agree single contract log returns divide vols regards naveen tanya tamarchenko ect pm naveen andrews corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect vladimir gorny hou ect ect subject looking fat tails time series ngi socal naveen got ngi socal prices prompt prompt prompt contracts contract calculated moving average based log returns well moving volatility calculated normalized log returns return ave vol compared results normal distribution could find fat tails volatility changes lot day day people look log returns normalized seems fat tails big spikes large returns frequent normal comes fact volatility constant see spreadsheet dropbox tanya tanya
"Subject: request for training session  folks ,  i am a vice president with enron , and have been with the company some 6 years  now . i was hired through enron associate pool , and started off by marketing  power on the east coast with jim fallon . currently i am working in the india  region , looking into different ways to develop merchant type activities in  india , anticipating the start of trading activities some time in the future .  one of my challenges is to make the team in india aware of the type of  sophisticated operations and processes that we have in place for trading  activities , as well as the range of products we have to offer .  i have been in conversation with mike mcconnell and jeff shankman on the  global products side , and are planning a session to acquaint the team in  india with activities in that group . similarly , on the power side , we have  been interacting with john sherriff ' s team in london .  i feel that it will be very beneficial for some of the team members to get  acquainted with the processes on the power trading side in houston , and to  get an idea of the rac process , the research side , the back - offices , as well  as the trading operations here . similarly , the team there could present to  you the state of the market in india , and give you an idea of the type of  opportunities there . i am therefore eliciting your support to put together a  session in houston where they can be acquainted with these functions , as well  as the people responsible for them in the us . there are three people in the  group who would benefit from this exposure . one of them is from the  associate pool , while the other two are people hired locally in india .  i have already spoken with our coo , wade cline in this regard , and seek your  support in putting together an agenda for such a session . please let me know  who i should contact within your groups to discuss this further .  regards ,  sandeep .",0,request training session folks vice president enron company years hired enron associate pool started marketing power east coast jim fallon currently working india region looking different ways develop merchant type activities india anticipating start trading activities time future one challenges make team india aware type sophisticated operations processes place trading activities well range products offer conversation mike mcconnell jeff shankman global products side planning session acquaint team india activities group similarly power side interacting john sherriff team london feel beneficial team members get acquainted processes power trading side houston get idea rac process research side back offices well trading operations similarly team could present state market india give idea type opportunities therefore eliciting support put together session houston acquainted functions well people responsible us three people group would benefit exposure one associate pool two people hired locally india already spoken coo wade cline regard seek support putting together agenda session please let know contact within groups discuss regards sandeep
"Subject: giuseppe ' s bio  vince ,  i will take care of the few typos , capitalizations , etc . , but i wanted to get  this to you asap . he has a fine sense of humor !  sam  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by william smith / corp / enron on 08 / 28 / 2000  12 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : giuseppe paleologo @ enron communications on 08 / 28 / 2000 12 : 11 pm  to : william smith / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : hello !  i landed in the research group as a summer associate at the end of june ,  straight from sunny palo alto , where i am pursuing a phd in management  science and engineering . since my area of research is the performance  evaluation and economic analysis of communication networks , enron is "" the ""  place to be : enron broadband services has the first mover ' s advantage in this  field , and nearly every decision requires an understanding of both data  networks and financial mathematics . enron has most of the needed skills to  succeed , and the right attitude . after two months here , i am more convinced  than ever that the best is still to come .  i am from rome , italy , where i have spent most of my life ( my pre - columbian  period , properly speaking ) . italy is the nation known among americans for  having invented the pasta alfredo and for having elected a porn star as a  member of parliament . the former allegation is indeed false : pasta alfredo is  quintessential american . about the latter , one of my dubious achievement is  to have interviewed the aforementioned member of parliament about her  political agenda , receiving predictably fuzzy answers .  as many members of the research groups , my background is in physics . i fell  in love with operation research and management science while working for a  large it consulting firm in italy , and wanted to learn more . i have been a  student at stanford university since then . studying there has been a very  enjoyable experience , and i am sorry i will have to leave it sometime soon .  management science is not the only hobby in my life . i am an avid  motorcyclist , and am a lifelong student of argentine tango . i also like  reading ( a skill i learned in lst grade and has never failed me ) , in  particular 20 th century english , italian and french poetry .  william smith @ enron  08 / 11 / 00 02 : 10 pm  to : giuseppe paleologo / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : hello !  giuseppe ,  i ' m sam smith and among other things i ' m the department newsletter editor .  are you going to be leaving after today or will you be around next week ? if  you ' ll be around , i ' d love for you to write a short bio piece for the  newsletter . have a look at some recent issues for examples . if you ' ll be  here monday morning , i can get a quick photo .  if not , then i ' m sorry i missed you !  sam",0,giuseppe bio vince take care typos capitalizations etc wanted get asap fine sense humor sam forwarded william smith corp enron pm giuseppe paleologo enron communications pm william smith corp enron enron cc subject hello landed research group summer associate end june straight sunny palo alto pursuing phd management science engineering since area research performance evaluation economic analysis communication networks enron place enron broadband services first mover advantage field nearly every decision requires understanding data networks financial mathematics enron needed skills succeed right attitude two months convinced ever best still come rome italy spent life pre columbian period properly speaking italy nation known among americans invented pasta alfredo elected porn star member parliament former allegation indeed false pasta alfredo quintessential american latter one dubious achievement interviewed aforementioned member parliament political agenda receiving predictably fuzzy answers many members research groups background physics fell love operation research management science working large consulting firm italy wanted learn student stanford university since studying enjoyable experience sorry leave sometime soon management science hobby life avid motorcyclist lifelong student argentine tango also like reading skill learned lst grade never failed particular th century english italian french poetry william smith enron pm giuseppe paleologo enron communications enron communications cc subject hello giuseppe sam smith among things department newsletter editor going leaving today around next week around love write short bio piece newsletter look recent issues examples monday morning get quick photo sorry missed sam
"Subject: houston research opportunity  hi vince ,  thank you for offering the opportunity in houston to me last week . i guess i  would interested to discuss it further with you - one question i have is  about which commercial groups within the houston office you were looking for  additional research coverage on ? please let me know when you might be free  to talk - the best times for me would be from between 12 pm and 5 pm houston  time ( i am usually home from 3 pm houston time ) .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  home : 0208 877 9741",0,houston research opportunity hi vince thank offering opportunity houston last week guess would interested discuss one question commercial groups within houston office looking additional research coverage please let know might free talk best times would pm pm houston time usually home pm houston time regards anjam x home
"Subject: ena meeting and event expenditure approval process  the approval process initiated in 1998 for all meeting and event expenditures  in excess of $ 5 , 000 has enabled ena to better assess the business value of  events , accurately track our activities and save money . these events include  customer and employee meetings , and trade shows .  ena has made some modifications to the process , which are described in this  memo .  the $ 5 , 000 threshold remains in effect for all customer events . however , the  threshold for approval for employee meetings and events has been lowered to  $ 2 , 000 , and some additional requirements must be met prior to approval .  please be sure to follow the procedures described below for all meetings and  events , so we can continue to successfully manage these events .  1 ) prior to making any commitments to customers or vendors , all customer  events with anticipated costs in excess of $ 5 , 000 , and all employee events  with anticipated costs in excess of $ 2 , 000 must be reviewed by the ena public  relations ( pr ) department and approved by the ena office of the chairman  2 ) the pr department will handle the site search and hotel contract  negotiations for all such events . once this is completed , the pr department  will work with you to plan and produce your event in its entirety ; or they  can provide as much or as little assistance as you require . the pr department  will be responsible for helping you achieve the best value for your program  and ena .  3 ) a completed expenditure request form ( see attached ) and supporting  documentation is required for each event . employee meetings require a  detailed agenda as part of the event documentation prior to approval . please  submit the completed expenditure request form and documentation to the pr  department at eb 3642 , or work with pr department employees to complete the  form .  4 ) after pr review , the expenditure will be submitted to the ena office of  the chairman for final approval .  additionally , the pr department can assist in the procurement of tickets for  various local sporting events and concerts .  if you have any questions regarding this process , would like assistance  planning an event , or need tickets for a houston event , please contact dorie  hitchcock in the pr department at ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 .  thank you for your cooperation .",0,ena meeting event expenditure approval process approval process initiated meeting event expenditures excess enabled ena better assess business value events accurately track activities save money events include customer employee meetings trade shows ena made modifications process described memo threshold remains effect customer events however threshold approval employee meetings events lowered additional requirements must met prior approval please sure follow procedures described meetings events continue successfully manage events prior making commitments customers vendors customer events anticipated costs excess employee events anticipated costs excess must reviewed ena public relations pr department approved ena office chairman pr department handle site search hotel contract negotiations events completed pr department work plan produce event entirety provide much little assistance require pr department responsible helping achieve best value program ena completed expenditure request form see attached supporting documentation required event employee meetings require detailed agenda part event documentation prior approval please submit completed expenditure request form documentation pr department eb work pr department employees complete form pr review expenditure submitted ena office chairman final approval additionally pr department assist procurement tickets various local sporting events concerts questions regarding process would like assistance planning event need tickets houston event please contact dorie hitchcock pr department thank cooperation
"Subject: small - cap stoxs can mean gains for you  * * * * watch this one july 15 - 21 as we know many of you like momentum * * * * * * * * *  breaking news alert issue - - - big news  strong buy alert issued at market close  china world trade corp . symbol : cwtd  current price : $ 2 . 47  7 day target : $ 7 . 00  look for huge news this company back on the move . rumor has the  shorts are going to be broken and stock will run . cwtd website address is  www . chinawtc . com all company info is there . this stock has had good  movement and support the last 15 months it is a strong company growing  in leaps and bounds .  company has been profiled on cnn asia , forbes . com , bloomberg . com , ceo  cast . com , businessweek . com , p . r . newswire , pennystock weekly . com , yahoo  finance has reports for sale . how much more credibility do you need .  amex exchange listing waits in the wings . this is big ! ! ! ! ! ! company filed  for amex 10 months ago and is finally ready to go up based on the 10 k .  symbol cwtd  join in and squezze the shorts : cwtd  take a look at our last strong buy recomendaton we gave you cdgt july 12 th  at $ 3 . 10 and now its $ 3 . 55  get in cwtd while it ' s hot  disclaimer :  information within this email contains "" forwardlooking statements "" within  the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of  thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve  discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,  plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or  performance are not statements of historical fact and may be "" forward  looking statements . "" forwardlooking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made  that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual  results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use  of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" , "" will , "" "" anticipates , ""  "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" understands "" or that by statements indicating  certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur . risk factors include  general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop  specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer  and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has  little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent  that the information contained in this message states all material facts or  does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to  investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and  not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers  and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities  representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this  email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any  kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on  the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this  stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .  the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or  investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section  17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred  thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or  affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an  inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the  fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without  notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing  you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from  public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites  and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this  informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or  completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your  acceptance of these terms .",1,small cap stoxs mean gains watch one july know many like momentum breaking news alert issue big news strong buy alert issued market close china world trade corp symbol cwtd current price day target look huge news company back move rumor shorts going broken stock run cwtd website address www chinawtc com company info stock good movement support last months strong company growing leaps bounds company profiled cnn asia forbes com bloomberg com ceo cast com businessweek com p r newswire pennystock weekly com yahoo finance reports sale much credibility need amex exchange listing waits wings big company filed amex months ago finally ready go based k symbol cwtd join squezze shorts cwtd take look last strong buy recomendaton gave cdgt july th get cwtd hot disclaimer information within email contains forwardlooking statements within meaning section aof securities act section b thesecurities exchange act statements express involve discussions respect predictions expectations beliefs plans projections objectives goals assumptions future events performance statements historical fact may forward looking statements forwardlooking statements based expectations estimates projections time statements made involve number risks uncertainties could cause actual results events differ materially presently anticipated forward looking statements action may identified use words projects foresee expects anticipates estimates believes understands statements indicating certain actions may could might occur risk factors include general economic business conditions ability acquire develop specific projects ability fund operations changes consumer business consumption habits factors overwhich company little control publisher newsletter represent information contained message states material facts omit material fact necessary make statements therein misleading information provided within email pertaining investing stocks securities must understood information provided investment advice publisher newsletter advises readers subscribers seek advice registered professional securities representative deciding trade stocks featured within email none material within report shall construed kind investment advice solicitation many companies verge bankruptcy lose money investing stock urge read company sec filings invest publisher newsletter registered invstment advisor subscribers view information herein legal tax accounting investment advice compliance securitiesact section b publisher newsletter contracted receive six hundred thousand free trading shares third party officer director affiliate shareholder circulation report aware inherent conflict interest resulting compensation due fact paid advertisement without bias party paid us position stock sell anytime without notice could negative impact price stock causing lose money factual information report gathered public sources including limited sec filings company websites company press releases publisher newsletter believes informationto eliable make guarantee accuracy completeness use material within email constitutes acceptance terms
"Subject: re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001  vince :  fyi - wichai is joining on jan 8 th . osman will take care of him until my  return .  krishna .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  12 / 19 / 2000 03 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pinnamaneni krishnarao  12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 54 pm  to : osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees  cc :  subject : re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001  osman :  can you request the desk & computer for wichai ? dennis has knows about  wichai coming in january .  thanks ,  krishan .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pinnamaneni krishnarao  12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 52 pm  to : "" wichai narongwanich "" @ enron  cc :  subject : re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001  dear wichai :  good to hear from you and glad you will be here soon . i will be on vacation  in january . when i am gone you will report to osman sezgen who you have met  when you were here in houston . please get in touch with him when you come  here . his phone number is ( 713 ) 853 - 5485 . if you have any problems , contact  our assistant shirley crenshaw at ( 713 ) 853 - 5290 .  best wishes ,  krishna .  "" wichai narongwanich "" on 12 / 19 / 2000 01 : 51 : 40 pm  to :  cc :  subject : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001  dear dr . krishna ,  as mentioned during the interviewing process , i plan to start working under  your supervision on earlier january . i ' m now ready to start working with  your on jan 8 th , 2001 . i have been in contact with the human resource  department to set up the working permit and relocation . i have received the  optional practical training valid from jan 8 th , 2001 to jan 7 th , 2002 . i  will go down to houston to look for an apartment this weekend .  by the way , i heard from seksan , currently working under your supervision ,  that you will be on vacation soon and will come back to work again late  january . therefore , i would like to whether who should i report with on my  starting date ? or do you have any recommendation for me to prepare for the  new work ? please , advise .  best regards ,  wichai narongwanich  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : pinnamaneni . krishnarao @ enron . com  sent : tuesday , june 20 , 2000 1 : 21 pm  to : wichai @ engin . umich . edu  subject : re : resume for sr . specialist / manager - research position  dear mr . narongwanich :  you have an impressive background . what is your availability in terms  of timing ? we are looking for somebody to join our group fairly soon ( weeks  rather than months ) .  thank you ,  p . v . krishnarao  "" wichai narongwanich "" on 06 / 19 / 2000 09 : 17 : 35 am  to :  cc :  subject : resume for sr . specialist / manager - research position  dear mr . krishnarao ,  i received information about this job opportunity describe below by boo  lee ,  an alumni of financial engineering program here in the university of  michigan . the position is very interesting and relevant to my background  ( pursuing ph . d . operations research with real options interest , completed  mse financial engineering , mse industrial and operations engineering , have  been working on ms - excel with vba for 4 years ) i attach my resume in  ms - word  document in this mail . if you need further information , please don ' t  hesitate to contact me .  sincerely ,  wichai narongwanich  wichai narongwanich  ph . d . candidate , ioe dept .  research assistant , meam dept .  university of michigan  sr . specialist / manager - research  position description : fulltime position as a member of the research  group at  enron supporting commodity risk management activities in enron energy  services . the selected person will be working closely with the deal makers  and risk - managers to develop and support quantitative models for pricing  and risk management .  responsibilities : responsibilities include analyzing data and developing  models for valuing commodity ( or commodity - related ) contracts , options  embedded in or real options associated with long term energy management  contracts , forecasting customer loads , and managing risks associated with  energy contracts .  qualifications & skills :  masters / doctorate degree in a quantitative field ( mathematics , statistics ,  operations research , econometrics / finance ) with experience or course work  in  statistics , data analysis and mathematical modeling . must have excellent  computer skills and be able to function in a dynamic , unstructured  environment .  coursework in statistics / econometrics and basic finance preferred .  proficiency in excel including vba .  familiarity with access & visual basic .  knowledge of risk management or energy markets a plus .  place of work : houston  contact : email resumes to pkrishn @ enron . com ( p . v . krishnarao )  ( see attached file : resume . doc )",0,starting date jan th vince fyi wichai joining jan th osman take care return krishna forwarded pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect pm pinnamaneni krishnarao pm osman sezgen hou ees ees cc subject starting date jan th osman request desk computer wichai dennis knows wichai coming january thanks krishan forwarded pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect pm pinnamaneni krishnarao pm wichai narongwanich enron cc subject starting date jan th dear wichai good hear glad soon vacation january gone report osman sezgen met houston please get touch come phone number problems contact assistant shirley crenshaw best wishes krishna wichai narongwanich pm cc subject starting date jan th dear dr krishna mentioned interviewing process plan start working supervision earlier january ready start working jan th contact human resource department set working permit relocation received optional practical training valid jan th jan th go houston look apartment weekend way heard seksan currently working supervision vacation soon come back work late january therefore would like whether report starting date recommendation prepare new work please advise best regards wichai narongwanich original message pinnamaneni krishnarao enron com sent tuesday june pm wichai engin umich edu subject resume sr specialist manager research position dear mr narongwanich impressive background availability terms timing looking somebody join group fairly soon weeks rather months thank p v krishnarao wichai narongwanich cc subject resume sr specialist manager research position dear mr krishnarao received information job opportunity describe boo lee alumni financial engineering program university michigan position interesting relevant background pursuing ph operations research real options interest completed mse financial engineering mse industrial operations engineering working ms excel vba years attach resume ms word document mail need information please hesitate contact sincerely wichai narongwanich wichai narongwanich ph candidate ioe dept research assistant meam dept university michigan sr specialist manager research position description fulltime position member research group enron supporting commodity risk management activities enron energy services selected person working closely deal makers risk managers develop support quantitative models pricing risk management responsibilities responsibilities include analyzing data developing models valuing commodity commodity related contracts options embedded real options associated long term energy management contracts forecasting customer loads managing risks associated energy contracts qualifications skills masters doctorate degree quantitative field mathematics statistics operations research econometrics finance experience course work statistics data analysis mathematical modeling must excellent computer skills able function dynamic unstructured environment coursework statistics econometrics basic finance preferred proficiency excel including vba familiarity access visual basic knowledge risk management energy markets plus place work houston contact email resumes pkrishn enron com p v krishnarao see attached file resume doc
"Subject: ebs ' s approach to storage trading  hi ravi - -  thanks for you note . i would be very interested in a meeting to establish an  ebs - wide approach to storage . it ' s a huge opportunity .  we could expand the 2 : 30 pm friday meeting to include all interested ebs  people and discuss the topics below . could shalesh coordinate this meeting  and also coordinate the ongoing effort firm - wide ? have i omitted anything  below ?  as i see it , here are the key storage initiatives that ebs should undertake ,  and who is involved up to this point .  1 . - establish storage contract terms and pricing  who ' s involved : virawan , jean mrha beach  a . define terms for storage needed for ebs products ( mediacast ,  mediatransport , and new products )  b . define general terms for other storage contracts  2 . - establish storage pooling points ( spp )  who ' s involved : shalesh , richard reichardt , mark palmer , kara knop  who ' s needed : other designated people from bloomer and griebling groups , jim  crowder ' s group input on alliances  a . define technology needed  servers , storage devices  control software for physical delivery  b . decide optimal spp locations  at / near existing bandwidth trading pooling points  at / near existing ebs city pops  at a hosting partner location  c . engage optimal partners to create spp  ibm  ibm global services  tivioli ( storage management software )  emc  sun  compaq  existing storage portal vendors ( e . g . storage networks )  3 . - establish storage trading benchmark  who ' s involved : unknown  who ' s needed : research group  a . define unit of measure for trading contract ( e . g . , terabyte - month )  b . establish pricing mechanisms  4 . - identify ( and monetize ) storage market opportunites  who ' s involved : unknown  who ' s needed : cox ' s group , bloomer ' s group  a . storage intermediation opportunities  b . establish virtual storage portal service for ebs  ravi thuraisingham  03 / 08 / 00 11 : 00 am  to : mark s palmer / enron communications @ enron communications , jean mrha / enron  communications @ enron communications , john bloomer / enron communications @ enron  communications , richard reichardt / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : kara knop , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince kaminski , david cox / enron  communications @ enron communications , shalesh . ganjoo @ enron . com  subject : meeting for friday on storage  hi mark , i have not met you yet but heard a lot of good things about you . i  would like to discuss with you and possibly with john bloomer and richard  reichardt about the ebs research ' s role in supporting the storage market  development from the origination and trading perspective . there are several  people in various groups that are talking about storage but here is what ' s my  take on our involvement - - please correct me or suggest otherwise .  shalesh ganjoo is our lead analyst on this effort . in addition to his effort  with your group , he is presently supporting jean mrha with pricing and  standardization for a traded storage maret - - stinson gibner is directly  supervising him in this effort .  shalesh came to us through referal from david cox - - david discovered him at  one of his speaking engagements . shalesh had talked to david about traded  storage market development some time last october and david refered shalesh  to enron research group . we hired shalesh for general analyst position and  now he is pulled into all aspect of this storage effort . currently , he is  our point person ( with stinson or i supervising his effort ) who is supporting  jean mrha and you on the subject . kara knop has aproached shalesh with  request for some support and shalesh and she are sorting out each other  , s  role in this regard . as per my discussion today with david , we need to  coordinate this storage effort from the perspective of modeling market  assessment etc . for this i suggest shalesh and his effort so that all parties  involved can benefit from collective effort within one central source . based  on david ' s and my assessment of shalesh ' s capabilities , i would like to  suggest that the commercial heads use shalesh for his creative thinking ,  understanding of the market and analytical capabilities and not just for data  gathering and simple research effort . we can add other staff as we see the  need and as you request them .  please respond this e - mail with your comments if this sounds like aplan , so  that we can support this effort efficiently and in a scalable manner .  kind regards ,  ravi .  a bit about ebs research group  john bloomer and richard reichardt have met me and are aware of my role and  stinston gibner ' s role in ebs . i lead a team of quantitative professionals  via a group we are calling ebs research . this group reports to stinson  gibner ( vp ) and vince kaminski ( md and head of enron research ) . stinson and  vince are the original founders of enron corp research that has been charged  with model development efforts to support enron energy trading and other  enron business . enron research is involved in all aspects of enron buinesses  ( ees , international , corporate affairs such as fas 133 and other accounting  and new product ( derivatives ) development , etc . ) .  within ebs research , there serveral professionals supporting kevin howard  ( cfo office ) , john griebling , tom gros and jean mrha , david cox ( via boris ) ,  and the war room . our main area of focus is with jean mrha ( trading ) and  john griebling ( optical network design and optimization , etc . ) . we play a  key role with john griebling ' s go forward network design and implementation  through our responsiblity to provide traffic engineering analysis and  modeling effort .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 08 / 00 09 : 31  am - - - - -  shalesh ganjoo @ ect  03 / 07 / 00 08 : 01 pm  to : mark s palmer / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron  subject : meeting for friday on storage  dear mark ,  i am looking forward to presenting my competitive analysis on the storage  market on friday to you and others . ravi thurasingham will be calling you to  find out if we ( research group ) can assist your group in any other way .  please let me know if you need any information before we meet . thank you .  sincerely ,  shalesh ganjoo",0,ebs approach storage trading hi ravi thanks note would interested meeting establish ebs wide approach storage huge opportunity could expand pm friday meeting include interested ebs people discuss topics could shalesh coordinate meeting also coordinate ongoing effort firm wide omitted anything see key storage initiatives ebs undertake involved point establish storage contract terms pricing involved virawan jean mrha beach define terms storage needed ebs products mediacast mediatransport new products b define general terms storage contracts establish storage pooling points spp involved shalesh richard reichardt mark palmer kara knop needed designated people bloomer griebling groups jim crowder group input alliances define technology needed servers storage devices control software physical delivery b decide optimal spp locations near existing bandwidth trading pooling points near existing ebs city pops hosting partner location c engage optimal partners create spp ibm ibm global services tivioli storage management software emc sun compaq existing storage portal vendors e g storage networks establish storage trading benchmark involved unknown needed research group define unit measure trading contract e g terabyte month b establish pricing mechanisms identify monetize storage market opportunites involved unknown needed cox group bloomer group storage intermediation opportunities b establish virtual storage portal service ebs ravi thuraisingham mark palmer enron communications enron communications jean mrha enron communications enron communications john bloomer enron communications enron communications richard reichardt enron communications enron communications cc kara knop stinson gibner hou ect ect vince kaminski david cox enron communications enron communications shalesh ganjoo enron com subject meeting friday storage hi mark met yet heard lot good things would like discuss possibly john bloomer richard reichardt ebs research role supporting storage market development origination trading perspective several people various groups talking storage take involvement please correct suggest otherwise shalesh ganjoo lead analyst effort addition effort group presently supporting jean mrha pricing standardization traded storage maret stinson gibner directly supervising effort shalesh came us referal david cox david discovered one speaking engagements shalesh talked david traded storage market development time last october david refered shalesh enron research group hired shalesh general analyst position pulled aspect storage effort currently point person stinson supervising effort supporting jean mrha subject kara knop aproached shalesh request support shalesh sorting role regard per discussion today david need coordinate storage effort perspective modeling market assessment etc suggest shalesh effort parties involved benefit collective effort within one central source based david assessment shalesh capabilities would like suggest commercial heads use shalesh creative thinking understanding market analytical capabilities data gathering simple research effort add staff see need request please respond e mail comments sounds like aplan support effort efficiently scalable manner kind regards ravi bit ebs research group john bloomer richard reichardt met aware role stinston gibner role ebs lead team quantitative professionals via group calling ebs research group reports stinson gibner vp vince kaminski md head enron research stinson vince original founders enron corp research charged model development efforts support enron energy trading enron business enron research involved aspects enron buinesses ees international corporate affairs fas accounting new product derivatives development etc within ebs research serveral professionals supporting kevin howard cfo office john griebling tom gros jean mrha david cox via boris war room main area focus jean mrha trading john griebling optical network design optimization etc play key role john griebling go forward network design implementation responsiblity provide traffic engineering analysis modeling effort forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications shalesh ganjoo ect pm mark palmer enron communications enron communications cc ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications enron subject meeting friday storage dear mark looking forward presenting competitive analysis storage market friday others ravi thurasingham calling find research group assist group way please let know need information meet thank sincerely shalesh ganjoo
"Subject: enrondirectfinance . com usernames and passwords  the enrondirectfinance website was launched this morning . for access ,  please use the following :  url = www . enrondirectfinance . com  username = enroninternal  password = astros  real player v 7 . 0 and adobe acrobat v 4 . 0 are required to view deal  information . free downloads these programs are available on the  enrondirectfinace website .  if you have any technical difficulties , please contact the enrondirectfinance  technical help desk at 3 - 9438 .  please direct comments regarding the website to any of the following  individuals :  harry arora 3 - 6750  jeff bartlett 3 - 5629  suresh raghavan 3 - 4217",0,enrondirectfinance com usernames passwords enrondirectfinance website launched morning access please use following url www enrondirectfinance com username enroninternal password astros real player v adobe acrobat v required view deal information free downloads programs available enrondirectfinace website technical difficulties please contact enrondirectfinance technical help desk please direct comments regarding website following individuals harry arora jeff bartlett suresh raghavan
Subject: still wanna her ? : - )  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want .  ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra  - the effect lasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with alcohol ! shipping to any country available !  get it right now ! . ,1,still wan na tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactly want ciaiis iot advantaqes viaqra effect lasts hours ready start within minutes mix alcohol shipping country available get right
"Subject: re : enron cover letter & resume for dave gershenson  vincent ,  i have forwarded the resume to our analysts / associate pool with  a recommendation to accept david as a summer intern .  i expressed interest in taking him into my group . he may , of course ,  work for a different unit of enron . it ' s up to him and i shall not be offended  if he would like to go into trading or deal origination .  vince",0,enron cover letter resume dave gershenson vincent forwarded resume analysts associate pool recommendation accept david summer intern expressed interest taking group may course work different unit enron shall offended would like go trading deal origination vince
"Subject: usaee conference update from louise burke  content - transfer - encoding : binary  date : thu , 29 jun 2000 16 : 38 : 24 edt  subject : u : \ wp 60 \ usaeekaminska . doc  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : application / vms - rms ; vms - fdl = "" system ; source vax / vms ; ; file ;  allocation 54 ; best _ try _ contiguous no ; bucket _ size 0 ; contiguous no ;  deferred _ write no ; extension 0 ; global _ buffer _ count 0 ; mt _ block _ size 0 ;  max _ record _ number 0 ; maximize _ version no ; organization sequential ; read _ check  no ; supersede no ; write _ check no ; ; record ; block _ span yes ; carriage _ control  carriage _ return ; control _ field _ size 0 ; format stream ; size 0 ; ; area 0 ;  allocation 54 ; best _ try _ contiguous no ; bucket _ size 0 ; contiguous no ;  exact _ positioning no ; extension 0 ; position none ; volume 0 ; "" ; mr - type = msword ;  name = msword  content - disposition : attachment ; filename = msword  importance : normal  al - format : msword  al - type : document  - msword",0,usaee conference update louise burke content transfer encoding binary date thu jun edt subject u wp usaeekaminska doc mime version content type application vms rms vms fdl system source vax vms file allocation best try contiguous bucket size contiguous deferred write extension global buffer count mt block size max record number maximize version organization sequential read check supersede write check record block span yes carriage control carriage return control field size format stream size area allocation best try contiguous bucket size contiguous exact positioning extension position none volume mr type msword name msword content disposition attachment filename msword importance normal al format msword al type document msword
"Subject: quarterly statement notice  security center  we recently noticed an attempt to log in to your paypal account from a  foreign ip address and we have reason to belive that your account was used  by a third party without your authorization .  if you recently accessed your account while traveling , the unusual log in attempts  may have been initiated by you .  therefore , if you are the rightful account holder , click on the link below to log into your account and follow the instructions . https : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd = _ login - run  if you choose to ignore our request , you leave us no choice but to temporarily suspend  your account .  if you received this notice and you are not the authorized account  holder , please be aware that it is in violation of paypal policy to represent  oneself as another paypal user . such action may also be in violation of  local , national , and / or international law . paypal is committed to assist  law enforcement with any inquires related to attempts to misappropriate  personal information with the intent to commit fraud or theft .  information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to  ensure that impersonators are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law .  thank you for your patience as we work together to protect your account .  sincerely ,  paypal account review department  paypal , an ebay company  * please do not respond to this e - mail as your reply will not be received . ",1,quarterly statement notice security center recently noticed attempt log paypal account foreign ip address reason belive account used third party without authorization recently accessed account traveling unusual log attempts may initiated therefore rightful account holder click link log account follow instructions https www paypal com cgi bin webscr cmd login run choose ignore request leave us choice temporarily suspend account received notice authorized account holder please aware violation paypal policy represent oneself another paypal user action may also violation local national international law paypal committed assist law enforcement inquires related attempts misappropriate personal information intent commit fraud theft information provided request law enforcement agencies ensure impersonators prosecuted fullest extent law thank patience work together protect account sincerely paypal account review department paypal ebay company please respond e mail reply received
"Subject: re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  valeria :  3 : 30 pm tomorrow the 9 th will be fine . we will have to change the schedule  a little bit , but i believe it will work .  kevin kindall 3 : 30 pm  grant masson 4 : 00 pm  tanya tamarchenko 4 : 30 pm  vince kaminski 5 : 00 pm  same scenario - upon arrival in the lobby go to the security desk and ask  for me . i will meet you in the lobby of the 19 th floor .  thanks so much for your flexibility !  shirley crenshaw  valeria . i . stone @ exxon . sprint . com on 09 / 07 / 2000 08 : 56 : 24 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  date : september 7 , 2000  from : stone , v . i . ( valeria ) vistone - americas  to : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co shirlecl - fpexmail  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  sure , tomorrow is fine with me . is it possible to schedule it at 3 : 30 pm ?  and i am sure it is not an easy task to fit the schedule of several people to  be available at the same time window . so please feel free to let me know if  you will need to do another time adjustment .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co  sent : thursday , september 07 , 2000 9 : 47 am  to : stone , v . i . ( valeria )  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  valeria :  please do not think we are always this unorganized , but things just seem  to be happening right now and it is disrupting everyone ' s schedule .  would you possibly be able to come tomorrow the 8 th ? kevin kindall  will not be here on the 15 th and he would definately like to interview you .  then vince kaminski will be gone for two weeks after the 15 th . it seems  like tomorrow might be the best time for everyone , if it is for you .  we can begin the interviews at 3 : 00 pm and probably end them at 5 : 00  or 5 : 30 pm .  please let me know .  thanks so much for your understanding .  [ stone , v . i . ( valeria ) ] :  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  valeria . i . stone @ exxon . sprint . com on 09 / 07 / 2000 07 : 46 : 13 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  date : september 7 , 2000  from : stone , v . i . ( valeria ) vistone -  americas  to : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co shirlecl -  fpexmail  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  [ stone , v . i . ( valeria ) ] 0  definitely - any of these days sound good to me . the only concern that i  have , is that i have my graduate class on thursday night at 6 pm which is  september the 14 th .  so if you will schedule the interview on the 14 th of september , i would  need  to leave around 5 : 15 pm so i could attend my class .  it actually might be more convenient for me to meet with the interviewers  on  the 15 th of september . if this day does not fit the schedule of any of the  interested in interviewing individuals , i surely will be able to meet with  them on the 14 th .  i will be looking forward to your reply .  sincerely ,  valeria stone  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co  sent : wednesday , september 06 , 2000 4 : 32 pm  to : stone , v . i . ( valeria )  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  valeria :  would you be able to do the interview on the 14 th or 15 th instead of the  13 th ? vince kaminski , who would really like to interview you , has been  called out of town on the 13 th . he will be back on the 14 th .  also grant masson is conducting an options seminar on the 13 th and  would not be able to interview you until after 5 : 00 pm .  please let me know if we can just push the interview to the same time  frame only on the 14 th or 15 th .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290",0,informal exploratory interview enron research group valeria pm tomorrow th fine change schedule little bit believe work kevin kindall pm grant masson pm tanya tamarchenko pm vince kaminski pm scenario upon arrival lobby go security desk ask meet lobby th floor thanks much flexibility shirley crenshaw valeria stone exxon sprint com shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject informal exploratory interview enron research group date september stone v valeria vistone americas ext shirley crenshaw enron co shirlecl fpexmail subject informal exploratory interview enron research group sure tomorrow fine possible schedule pm sure easy task fit schedule several people available time window please feel free let know need another time adjustment original message ext shirley crenshaw enron co sent thursday september stone v valeria subject informal exploratory interview enron research group valeria please think always unorganized things seem happening right disrupting everyone schedule would possibly able come tomorrow th kevin kindall th would definately like interview vince kaminski gone two weeks th seems like tomorrow might best time everyone begin interviews pm probably end pm please let know thanks much understanding stone v valeria regards shirley crenshaw valeria stone exxon sprint com shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject informal exploratory interview enron research group date september stone v valeria vistone americas ext shirley crenshaw enron co shirlecl fpexmail subject informal exploratory interview enron research group stone v valeria definitely days sound good concern graduate class thursday night pm september th schedule interview th september would need leave around pm could attend class actually might convenient meet interviewers th september day fit schedule interested interviewing individuals surely able meet th looking forward reply sincerely valeria stone original message ext shirley crenshaw enron co sent wednesday september pm stone v valeria subject informal exploratory interview enron research group valeria would able interview th th instead th vince kaminski would really like interview called town th back th also grant masson conducting options seminar th would able interview pm please let know push interview time frame th th thanks shirley crenshaw
"Subject: re : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes .  i shall be glad to chat with you .  vince  iris . mack @ paribas . com on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 24 : 27 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : denis . autier @ paribas . com  subject : greetings from london ( to enron )  dear dr . kaminski ,  how are you ? it was nice to meet you at the real options conference in  nyc .  i was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk . in  particular , by your use of real options to hedge financial options . this is  something i am interested in as well .  when you have some time , could we chat about this topic in a bit more  detail ?  thanks for your time and consideration . hope to hear from you soon .  regards ,  iris mack  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a  commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided  for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * .  any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either  whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended  recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately .  * bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa  ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en  aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas *  sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le  groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion ,  meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes  pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement  l ' expediteur .  * le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas sa",0,greetings london enron iris please feel free give call minutes shall glad chat vince iris mack paribas com vkamins enron com cc denis autier paribas com subject greetings london enron dear dr kaminski nice meet real options conference nyc intrigued comments conference talk particular use real options hedge financial options something interested well time could chat topic bit detail thanks time consideration hope hear soon regards iris mack message confidential contents constitute commitment bnp paribas group except provided written agreement bnp paribas group unauthorised disclosure use dissemination either whole partial prohibited intended recipient message please notify sender immediately bnp paribas group trading name bnp sa paribas sa ce message est confidentiel son contenu ne represente en aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le groupe bnp paribas toute publication utilisation ou diffusion meme partielle doit etre autorisee prealablement si vous n etes pas destinataire de ce message merci en avertir immediatement l expediteur le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas sa
"Subject: north atlantic forecasts  update for fyi  also , highly recommend adding tony hamilton to the research group ,  cross - train him one month in houston , per our teleconference this am .  - - - mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2001  02 : 59 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : stephen bennett @ enron 01 / 26 / 2001 02 : 48 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : north atlantic forecasts  mike . . .  in response to phil clifford ' s request - i have constructed webpage that  provides wind , wave , and storm information for the production and  tranportation areas of the north atlantic . i ' ve linked the site from the  research weather homepage to the european weather support page . here is the  link :  from here - follow the : "" north atlantic production / transport "" link . let ' s  see what customer feedback we get - and i will continue to investigate  further avenues  of support .  steve  stephen bennett  meteorologist - research  enron americas  ext . 5 - 3661",0,north atlantic forecasts update fyi also highly recommend adding tony hamilton research group cross train one month houston per teleconference mike forwarded mike roberts hou ect pm enron north america corp stephen bennett enron pm mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject north atlantic forecasts mike response phil clifford request constructed webpage provides wind wave storm information production tranportation areas north atlantic linked site research weather homepage european weather support page link follow north atlantic production transport link let see customer feedback get continue investigate avenues support steve stephen bennett meteorologist research enron americas ext
"Subject: re : research meeting  steve ,  yes . i shall try to call you later this morning . i had a schedule from hell  the last few days .  vince  steven leppard  10 / 26 / 2000 08 : 45 am  to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , richard  lewis / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sarah jane white / lon / ect @ ect , lauren  urquhart / lon / ect @ ect , kirsten nelz / lon / ect @ ect , sarah knott / lon / ect @ ect ,  fiona stewart / lon / ect @ ect  subject : research meeting  all  john sherriff has suggested we all get together in the near future to discuss  the demands being placed on the research group . i will be making a request  for additional resources , and the aim of the meeting is to determine the most  appropriate size for the team .  assistants : can we aim for week commencing 6 th november ?  vince : would you like to teleconference in ?  many thanks  steve",0,research meeting steve yes shall try call later morning schedule hell last days vince steven leppard john sherriff lon ect ect michael r brown lon ect ect richard lewis lon ect ect joe gold lon ect ect tani nath lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect sarah jane white lon ect ect lauren urquhart lon ect ect kirsten nelz lon ect ect sarah knott lon ect ect fiona stewart lon ect ect subject research meeting john sherriff suggested get together near future discuss demands placed research group making request additional resources aim meeting determine appropriate size team assistants aim week commencing th november vince would like teleconference many thanks steve
"Subject: you are approved for your loan ! ! ! approval no . ( 1848025 )  refinancing  your mortgage may be easier then you think !  now that rates are down ,  this may be a good time to start saving money !  click here for all details  free service for usa homeowners !  whether  your credit rating is a + + or you are credit challenged ,  we have many loan  programs through hundreds of aggressive lenders wanting to help you .  second mortgages  we can help you get up to 125 % of your  homes value ( ratios vary by state ) .  refinancing  reduce your monthly payments and get  some cash back .  debt  consolidation  combine all your bills into one low  payment ,  and save money every month .  we will get you the  best deal possible !  lower rates and easier terms !  click  here for all details and a free loan quotation  today !  we strongly  oppose the use of spam email and do not want anyone who does not wish to receive  ourmailings to receive them . we strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want anyone who does not wish to receive our mailings to receive  them . click  here to me taken off of our list .  80686",1,approved loan approval refinancing mortgage may easier think rates may good time start saving money click details free service usa homeowners whether credit rating credit challenged many loan programs hundreds aggressive lenders wanting help second mortgages help get homes value ratios vary state refinancing reduce monthly payments get cash back debt consolidation combine bills one low payment save money every month get best deal possible lower rates easier terms click details free loan quotation today strongly oppose use spam email want anyone wish receive ourmailings receive strongly oppose use spam email want anyone wish receive mailings receive click taken list
"Subject: interview with enron  dear mr . kaminski ,  ?  even though i cannot pass "" official "" interviews , i would like to discuss  with enron . i was really impressed by your presentation and i think i would  be a good fit for your firm .  ?  i know that you ? will be soon recruiting on campus , maybe we could set up an  "" informal meeting "" . either give me a call at home ( 412 - 802 - 6429 ) or send me  an email at this address . i would appreciate though not to appear on  interview lists .  ?  pierre - philippe ste - marie  http : / / pstemarie . homestead . com",0,interview enron dear mr kaminski even though pass official interviews would like discuss enron really impressed presentation think would good fit firm know soon recruiting campus maybe could set informal meeting either give call home send email address would appreciate though appear interview lists pierre philippe ste marie http pstemarie homestead com
"Subject: backwardation hedge strategy  i have completed an evaluation of a "" backwardation "" hedge strategy requested  by wendy king . the stratregy is intended to hedge oil inventories and is  based of trading nymex futures and options .  wendy has suggested she wants to review this with jeff shankman . i would  like to review my conclusions with you before i send it to wendy and will ask  shirley to set up a meeting .  a writeup is attached .  bob",0,backwardation hedge strategy completed evaluation backwardation hedge strategy requested wendy king stratregy intended hedge oil inventories based trading nymex futures options wendy suggested wants review jeff shankman would like review conclusions send wendy ask shirley set meeting writeup attached bob
"Subject: elements of power ( 4 )  dear colleagues :  we are writing to remind you of an opportunity for in - depth education on  electric power restructuring in texas through a training workshop offered  by the university of houston .  with the passage of senate bill 7 , texas is moving forward with electric  power restructuring . what will the new marketplace look like ? how will it  function ? how will existing business opportunities be affected , and what  new ones are likely to emerge ? join us for a comprehensive two - day  training workshop march 1 - 2 , 2000 that addresses these issues and  accommodates both new and experienced professionals . hosted by the energy  institute at the university of houston ' s college of business  administration , the training workshop features an introductory day that  will refresh participants on the basics of the electric power market and  key aspects of the restructuring process in texas and the u . s . the second  day targets advanced issues in the emerging marketplace and case studies  for practicioners . the training workshop will be held at the center for  executive development at the uh - cba . instructors are ms . dottie anderson  and mr . jim stanton , each with extensive experience in the power industry  and ercot implementation , and dr . michelle michot foss , director of the  energy institute ( see biographies , following workshop details ) . to  register , return the form below with your information . payment , or an  indication of payment , must be received by monday , february 28 . for more  information , contact energyinstitute @ uh . edu or telephone 713 - 743 - 4634 .  this workshop is appropriate for new and / or advanced professionals in  operations , trading , marketing , planning , public and regulatory affairs and  in related fields such as law and accounting .  new era in electric power value creation  energy institute  university of houston - - college of business administration  center for executive development facilities  melcher hall - - main campus  registration ( return by february 28 , 2000 with payment or indication of  payment )  workshop pricing :  full course , march 1 and 2 - - $ 950 per person ( government agencies and  nonprofits , $ 475 per person ) ; for groups of 3 or more from a single  organization , $ 900 per person ( $ 425 for government agencies and nonprofits )  advanced audiences , march 2 only - - $ 700 ( government agencies and  nonprofits , $ 350 ) ; for groups of 3 or more from a single organization , $ 650  per person ( $ 375 for government agencies and nonprofits )  fee includes all workshop materials , meals , refreshments and parking at  uh - cba . sorry , we do not accept credit card payment . lodging for  out - of - town participants is available at the university of houston hilton  hotel at your own cost . you may contact the hilton at 713 - 741 - 2447 for  reservation information .  name ( s ) and title ( s ) :  organization :  address :  telephone / fax / e - mail for contact :  total payment and form of payment :  ceu credit desired ( yes / no ) :  training workshop details  march 1 , 2000 - - principles  8 : 30 - 9 : 30 introduction and workshop overview  9 : 30 - 10 : 30 regulatory framework : national electricity reliability council  ( nerc ) , federal energy regulatory commission ( ferc ) , and electric  reliability council of texas ( ercot )  10 : 30 - 10 : 45 break  10 : 45 - 12 : 00 operational , marketing and trading basics  12 : 00 - 1 : 00 lunch  1 : 00 - 1 : 30 texas senate bill 7 overview  1 : 30 - 2 : 00 public utility commission ( puc ) - texas basic rule making  2 : 00 - 3 : 00 ercot independent system operator ( iso ) functions and governance  3 : 00 - 3 : 15 break  3 : 15 - 5 : 00 ercot issues by committee  * restructuring policy development  * ancillary services  * single control area  * settlement / registration  * congestion management  * standard interconnection agreement  5 : 00 - 6 : 30 social  march 2 - - advanced application  8 : 30 - 12 : 00 regional transmission organizations ( rtos ) and the ferc notice  of proposed rulemaking ( nopr )  future of isos  status of the nopr , public comments made  isos under development : ercot , midwest , desert star  12 : 00 - 1 : 00 lunch  1 : 00 - case studies  * changing electricity providers : town hall issues  bringing together the elements of regulatory activity , market power and  restructuring to the retail level , this exercise allows the participants to  make active decisions as our experimental "" town "" weighs the option of  separating from its traditional electricity provider and treading the  waters of competition . our group will assume roles centered around  "" regulators , "" "" power marketers , "" the present "" investor owned utility "" and  the "" town "" itself . a town meeting will be convened in which each entity is  allowed to present their issues in an effort to persuade municipal  decision - makers that theirs is the best option . embedded in the exercise is  the regulatory and operational framework that is built into the modules  leading up to this participatory segment . frequent references to the basic  materials provided to the workshop participants will be encouraged in the  process of moderating discussions that the workshop facilitators will  implement .  * congestion management  congestion management is one of the most critical components of ercot  implementation . a number of approaches exist for pricing electricity  during periods of high demand . each methodology bears important  consequences for both providors and customers . workshop participants will  participate in construction of a virtual transmission grid and experiment  with different methods of managing congestion .  4 : 00 re - cap , q & a  instructors  ms . dottie anderson  ms . anderson has over 19 years experience in the energy industry with  extensive experience in federal and state regulatory policy analysis and  advocacy on behalf of natural gas and electric companies . she is currently  president and managing principal of consulting firm specializing in policy  development and strategic analysis and planning for the electric and  natural gas industries . ms . anderson served as member of steering  committee responsible for coordinating the stakeholder process in the pjm  restructuring meetings and also actively participated in developing the  governance structure for pjm . she was a member of stakeholder group that  designed wholesale market rules for texas in 1996 and currently serves as  one of the power marketer segment representatives on the ercot technical  advisory committee and chair of the congestion management working group  developing a congestion management mechanism for use when texas begins its  retail access pilot in june 2001 . she has participated in ercot technical  advisory committees ad hoc committees on transmission adequacy and  possible impacts of future electric market changes on the independent  system operator and now involved in the broad - based stakeholder processes  to restructure markets in texas in response to legislation passed in may  1999 . she also is chair of nerc market interface committee a standing  committee addressing commercial business practices and standards in the  electric industry and their interface with reliability . in collaboration  with ercot iso staff , ms . anderson developed training seminar for  conducting business in ercot under the puct ' s open access transmission  rules and participated as a course instructor on the transition from nerc  to naero . she also participated as a course instructor in the annual ercot  iso operator training program . she participated as a member of government  interface issues task force , a group participating in nerc restructuring  process by addressing issues related to federal legislation and  participation by canada in a north american self - regulation reliability  organization . ms anderson is a certificated search conference manager by  new mexico state university for completion of training in designing and  managing search conferences and participative design workshops conducted by  dr . merrelyn emery , australian national university .  mr . jim stanton  mr . stanton has 15 years in the electric power industry , divided between  state agencies , investor owned utilities and power marketing . his  background in generation , transmission and systems operations has proven  valuable in the constantly changing world of power . combining a bs in  management with a working knowledge of the commercial electric power  business gives mr . stanton a unique view of the operational challenges of  the industry , and most especially , the people who make it work on a daily  basis . mr . stanton is a certified system operator in the southwest power  pool and with the north american reliability council . he is currently  involved with policy development in both ercot and the midwest independent  system operator .  dr . michelle michot foss  dr . michot foss has been an analyst of u . s . and foreign energy and non - fuel  resource development and environmental issues for nearly 21 years . she has  a particular focus on policy and regulatory frameworks for energy  commercialization and energy business enterprise strategy and firm / industry  structure . dr . michot foss has been involved extensively in research and  consulting on north american natural gas and electric power restructuring  and convergence and development of continental cross - border trade and  related issues . she is participating in ercot technical advisory committee  workshops and committee processes for sb 7 implementation . dr . michot foss  speaks and writes frequently on energy issues and energy sector  restructuring in north and south america , western europe , japan and other  world regions .  about the energy institute  the institute is engaged in business and public policy issues associated  with commercial energy development worldwide . major portfolio areas for  the institute are worldwide gas and power market development ( with emphasis  on north america , the northern andes , western europe , the black  sea / caucasus / caspian region and east asia ) , best practices in energy sector  reform , special topics in energy technology and markets and energy  commodity trading and marketing and the energy business enterprise of the  future . in addition , the institute provides research and training  initiatives in the u . s . , canada , mexico and latin america , china , the nis  region , and other countries and is developing both a non - degree  professional commercial practices program and an international training  program on oil and gas sector reform and commercial development . faculty  members are drawn from business administration , law , economics , geosciences  and engineering . the institute is underwritten by leading oil , gas and  electric power companies and consultancies . with the center for global  studies at the houston advanced research center , the institute published  the guide to electric power in texas as a public service for electric power  restructuring . the guide is recognized as one of the most widely used  resources by business and government participants .  * * * * * * * * * *  "" this e - mail contains information which is privileged , confidential and  protected  from disclosure . please do not disclose the contents or take copies without  contacting us first . thank you . ""  michelle michot foss , ph . d .  director , energy institute  college of business administration  university of houston  houston , tx 77204 - 6283  tel : 713 - 743 - 4634  fax : 713 - 743 - 4881  please note our new email addresses !  e - mail : mmfoss @ uh . edu  web : http : / / www . uh . edu / energyinstitute /  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  cba energy institute  university of houston  4800 calhoun , mh 320  houston , tx 77204 - 6283  ( 713 ) 743 - 4634  fx : ( 713 ) 743 - 4881  email : energyinstitute @ uh . edu  web : www . uh . edu / energyinstitute",0,elements power dear colleagues writing remind opportunity depth education electric power restructuring texas training workshop offered university houston passage senate bill texas moving forward electric power restructuring new marketplace look like function existing business opportunities affected new ones likely emerge join us comprehensive two day training workshop march addresses issues accommodates new experienced professionals hosted energy institute university houston college business administration training workshop features introductory day refresh participants basics electric power market key aspects restructuring process texas u second day targets advanced issues emerging marketplace case studies practicioners training workshop held center executive development uh cba instructors ms dottie anderson mr jim stanton extensive experience power industry ercot implementation dr michelle michot foss director energy institute see biographies following workshop details register return form information payment indication payment must received monday february information contact energyinstitute uh edu telephone workshop appropriate new advanced professionals operations trading marketing planning public regulatory affairs related fields law accounting new era electric power value creation energy institute university houston college business administration center executive development facilities melcher hall main campus registration return february payment indication payment workshop pricing full course march per person government agencies nonprofits per person groups single organization per person government agencies nonprofits advanced audiences march government agencies nonprofits groups single organization per person government agencies nonprofits fee includes workshop materials meals refreshments parking uh cba sorry accept credit card payment lodging town participants available university houston hilton hotel cost may contact hilton reservation information name title organization address telephone fax e mail contact total payment form payment ceu credit desired yes training workshop details march principles introduction workshop overview regulatory framework national electricity reliability council nerc federal energy regulatory commission ferc electric reliability council texas ercot break operational marketing trading basics lunch texas senate bill overview public utility commission puc texas basic rule making ercot independent system operator iso functions governance break ercot issues committee restructuring policy development ancillary services single control area settlement registration congestion management standard interconnection agreement social march advanced application regional transmission organizations rtos ferc notice proposed rulemaking nopr future isos status nopr public comments made isos development ercot midwest desert star lunch case studies changing electricity providers town hall issues bringing together elements regulatory activity market power restructuring retail level exercise allows participants make active decisions experimental town weighs option separating traditional electricity provider treading waters competition group assume roles centered around regulators power marketers present investor owned utility town town meeting convened entity allowed present issues effort persuade municipal decision makers best option embedded exercise regulatory operational framework built modules leading participatory segment frequent references basic materials provided workshop participants encouraged process moderating discussions workshop facilitators implement congestion management congestion management one critical components ercot implementation number approaches exist pricing electricity periods high demand methodology bears important consequences providors customers workshop participants participate construction virtual transmission grid experiment different methods managing congestion cap q instructors ms dottie anderson ms anderson years experience energy industry extensive experience federal state regulatory policy analysis advocacy behalf natural gas electric companies currently president managing principal consulting firm specializing policy development strategic analysis planning electric natural gas industries ms anderson served member steering committee responsible coordinating stakeholder process pjm restructuring meetings also actively participated developing governance structure pjm member stakeholder group designed wholesale market rules texas currently serves one power marketer segment representatives ercot technical advisory committee chair congestion management working group developing congestion management mechanism use texas begins retail access pilot june participated ercot technical advisory committees ad hoc committees transmission adequacy possible impacts future electric market changes independent system operator involved broad based stakeholder processes restructure markets texas response legislation passed may also chair nerc market interface committee standing committee addressing commercial business practices standards electric industry interface reliability collaboration ercot iso staff ms anderson developed training seminar conducting business ercot puct open access transmission rules participated course instructor transition nerc naero also participated course instructor annual ercot iso operator training program participated member government interface issues task force group participating nerc restructuring process addressing issues related federal legislation participation canada north american self regulation reliability organization ms anderson certificated search conference manager new mexico state university completion training designing managing search conferences participative design workshops conducted dr merrelyn emery australian national university mr jim stanton mr stanton years electric power industry divided state agencies investor owned utilities power marketing background generation transmission systems operations proven valuable constantly changing world power combining bs management working knowledge commercial electric power business gives mr stanton unique view operational challenges industry especially people make work daily basis mr stanton certified system operator southwest power pool north american reliability council currently involved policy development ercot midwest independent system operator dr michelle michot foss dr michot foss analyst u foreign energy non fuel resource development environmental issues nearly years particular focus policy regulatory frameworks energy commercialization energy business enterprise strategy firm industry structure dr michot foss involved extensively research consulting north american natural gas electric power restructuring convergence development continental cross border trade related issues participating ercot technical advisory committee workshops committee processes sb implementation dr michot foss speaks writes frequently energy issues energy sector restructuring north south america western europe japan world regions energy institute institute engaged business public policy issues associated commercial energy development worldwide major portfolio areas institute worldwide gas power market development emphasis north america northern andes western europe black sea caucasus caspian region east asia best practices energy sector reform special topics energy technology markets energy commodity trading marketing energy business enterprise future addition institute provides research training initiatives u canada mexico latin america china nis region countries developing non degree professional commercial practices program international training program oil gas sector reform commercial development faculty members drawn business administration law economics geosciences engineering institute underwritten leading oil gas electric power companies consultancies center global studies houston advanced research center institute published guide electric power texas public service electric power restructuring guide recognized one widely used resources business government participants e mail contains information privileged confidential protected disclosure please disclose contents take copies without contacting us first thank michelle michot foss ph director energy institute college business administration university houston houston tx tel fax please note new email addresses e mail mmfoss uh edu web http www uh edu energyinstitute cba energy institute university houston calhoun mh houston tx fx email energyinstitute uh edu web www uh edu energyinstitute
"Subject: re : "" expected tail loss "" for equity portfolio  everybody ,  i attached here the equity portfolio var spreadsheet model ( version x ) .  the improvement over the previous version ( 1 x ) is that it calculates  an additional measure of risk - expected tail loss .  expected tail loss is the expectation of the loss under the condition that  losses exceed var . as you know equity var model allows you to calculate var  for the percentile specified in the input sheet .  now you have to click 2 more buttons on the "" varinput "" sheet :  "" calculate gamma and delta "" and "" fast var "" .  isaac , please run the model to make sure it works for you .  regards ,  tanya",0,expected tail loss equity portfolio everybody attached equity portfolio var spreadsheet model version x improvement previous version x calculates additional measure risk expected tail loss expected tail loss expectation loss condition losses exceed var know equity var model allows calculate var percentile specified input sheet click buttons varinput sheet calculate gamma delta fast var isaac please run model make sure works regards tanya
"Subject: interview  dear mr . kaminski :  i am very sorry to tell you that i have to cancel my interview with you  scheduled on feb 9 th . i had a job offer from citadel investment at chicago  with a deadline on feb 5 th . i have been trying to get an extension for the  past week and unfortunately it failed today . with this very short time  frame , it is impossible for me and enron ' s interviewing process to meet the  feb 5 th deadline . how unwillingly , i would not be able to visit enron for  after taking citadel ' s offer . i hope you will find another candidate from  our class . there are some people still available . i will be happy to help  you get in touch with those interested .  please keep in touch and i wish you well in your business !  frank qian  fqian @ andrew . cmu . edu",0,interview dear mr kaminski sorry tell cancel interview scheduled feb th job offer citadel investment chicago deadline feb th trying get extension past week unfortunately failed today short time frame impossible enron interviewing process meet feb th deadline unwillingly would able visit enron taking citadel offer hope find another candidate class people still available happy help get touch interested please keep touch wish well business frank qian fqian andrew cmu edu
"Subject: re : resume  i appreciate your recommendation of van for a summer internship with enron .  i have communicated with van and let her know that she will have a place on  our interview schedule at rice .  i will keep you updated regarding the status of van ' s application .  thank you ,  christy young  recruiter  enron  vince j kaminski  01 / 17 / 2000 07 : 39 am  to : christy young / hou / ect @ ect , beth miertschin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  subject : resume  christy and beth ,  van worked with us during the summer and over the winter break .  she did an outstanding job .  i would like to recommend her for another summer internship and  also keep her in mind for the future employment .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000  07 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" van t . ngo "" on 01 / 16 / 2000 06 : 00 : 57 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : resume  dear vince ,  please find attached a copy of my resume . i have  talked with christy young and beth miertschin , the  college recruiters for the a of those ,  i would be most interested in one of the "" finance  rotations . "" i would be happy to explore one of  the number of groups within this area . ( please  let me know if this is sufficient or if you will  need me to give more specific indication of which  department i would like to be considered for an  internship . )  i greatly appreciate your consideration regarding  my job opportunities with enron . please let me  know if there is anything else i can do to  facilitate this process . i look forward to our  meeting again .  sincerely ,  van ngo  p . s . shirley , i have mailed to you my parking  permit . please contact me if you had any problems  with it .  - myresume . doc",0,resume appreciate recommendation van summer internship enron communicated van let know place interview schedule rice keep updated regarding status van application thank christy young recruiter enron vince j kaminski christy young hou ect ect beth miertschin hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect subject resume christy beth van worked us summer winter break outstanding job would like recommend another summer internship also keep mind future employment vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect van ngo pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject resume dear vince please find attached copy resume talked christy young beth miertschin college recruiters would interested one finance rotations would happy explore one number groups within area please let know sufficient need give specific indication department would like considered internship greatly appreciate consideration regarding job opportunities enron please let know anything else facilitate process look forward meeting sincerely van ngo p shirley mailed parking permit please contact problems myresume doc
"Subject: find the lowest price for viagra online  big savings on brand name drugs .  duty is ours , results are god ' s .  ignorance of certain subjects is a great part of wisdom .  abundance of knowledge does not teach men to be wise .  life ? don ' t talk to me about life !",1,find lowest price viagra online big savings brand name drugs duty results god ignorance certain subjects great part wisdom abundance knowledge teach men wise life talk life
"Subject: cigarettes wholesale ! hywwzzlzd  $ 19 . 95 and up ! buy cartons of cigarettes wholesale , starting at $ 19 . 95 .  free shipping !  why pay state taxes ? 100 % legal . mailed from swiss bonded warehouse . for  personal use only , must be 18 years of age and older , verified by credit  card .  aol users click here  to be removed from future mailings , reply to this email with remove in the subject line .",1,cigarettes wholesale hywwzzlzd buy cartons cigarettes wholesale starting free shipping pay state taxes legal mailed swiss bonded warehouse personal use must years age older verified credit card aol users click removed future mailings reply email remove subject line
"Subject: reliant tigers interested in enron  vince :  below , please find 2 names of wharton students who are interested in  internships this summer .  thanks ,  donna  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : chen , vincent [ mailto : chenvinc @ wharton . upenn . edu ]  sent : sunday , february 04 , 2001 11 : 24 pm  to : ' fap '  subject : re : call from enron  donna , i had also passed along the resumes of two reliant energy tiger team  members , david gershenson and james iker , who were both interested in  working for enron this summer . i had spoken to vince about these candidates  when we were in houston , and he said he would arrange internships for them  as well .  he should already have copies of their resumes and cover letters . please let  me know if you have any questions or need clarification .  thanks ! !  vincent  - - - - - - - - end of unsent message",0,reliant tigers interested enron vince please find names wharton students interested internships summer thanks donna original message chen vincent mailto chenvinc wharton upenn edu sent sunday february pm fap subject call enron donna also passed along resumes two reliant energy tiger team members david gershenson james iker interested working enron summer spoken vince candidates houston said would arrange internships well already copies resumes cover letters please let know questions need clarification thanks vincent end unsent message
"Subject: xms memo  over the next several months enron will be phasing in a new expense - reporting  product , concur technologies  , expense management system ( xms ) . you will be  able to prepare your expense report , send it for approval , and transmit it  for payment using the intranet . it will be far more user - friendly than the  excel - based form currently in use and will provide a truly paperless  process . in addition , the system efficiently integrates with the sap  accounting system .  on october 16 , employees who used a prior version of the product upgraded to  the most current release . on october 30 , it will be available to enron corp  employees , company 0011 . the rollout to other groups will continue through  january 2001 . rollout announcements will be made to each business unit .  in houston , it central will provide four training sessions per week . to  enroll in a class go to itcentral . enron . com and click on  services > training > schedules . those in outlying locations and those who prefer  on - line training can use leap by signing on to sap . enron . com and clicking on  training , then leap . use xms ( lower case ) as the user id and password .  we are excited about this new system and hope you will find it useful . if  you have questions regarding its use contact it central at ( 713 ) 345 - 4727 or  visit their website .",0,xms memo next several months enron phasing new expense reporting product concur technologies expense management system xms able prepare expense report send approval transmit payment using intranet far user friendly excel based form currently use provide truly paperless process addition system efficiently integrates sap accounting system october employees used prior version product upgraded current release october available enron corp employees company rollout groups continue january rollout announcements made business unit houston central provide four training sessions per week enroll class go itcentral enron com click services training schedules outlying locations prefer line training use leap signing sap enron com clicking training leap use xms lower case user id password excited new system hope find useful questions regarding use contact central visit website
"Subject: re : pricing credit on thousands of names  we can continue the discussion in tuesday ' s conference call , but i discussed  with ben about the issues below , and here are some thoughts . this is not a  complete approach , but only a starting point for discussion .  the main task is to build a pricing system for many names .  this has two components - - -  1 ) how to price a single name ?  1 . 1 ) how to price a liquid single name ?  1 . 2 ) how to price an illiquid single name ?  2 ) how to efficiently apply the methodology to multiple names ?  the approach i would take for 1 . 1 is  a ) define a small set of liquid names  b ) apply each of the different models we have , say , the six models ben has  mentioned below , to these names  c ) include market prices , if any , for these names  d ) sit with traders , get trader ' s intuition on where each liquid name should  price and note this on the spectrum of prices obtained in ( b ) and ( c )  e ) try to determine attributes of the names that may explain the dispersion  of the trader prices across the models  f ) quantify these attributes , if possible  g ) try a different set of liquid names and repeat the process , and see if the  decisions in the last round still make sense  the approach for 1 . 2 may be  a ) define a small set of illiquid names  b ) apply each of the different models we have to these names  c ) sit with traders , get trader ' s intuition on where each illiquid name  should price and note this on the spectrum of prices obtained in ( b )  d ) try to determine attributes of the names that may explain the dispersion  of the trader prices across the models  e ) check if these are similar to the attributes identified for liquid names  f ) define a master set of liquid names  g ) look for relationships ( by analyzing cross - section of data ) between  attributes or prices of illiquid names to those of liquid names  once a mapping has been defined for an illiquid name to a set of liquid names  and their attributes , then this mapping can be entered into a table , and the  pricing can be automated for all names ( in theory ) ! the success will depend  on the success of the round - table sessions for the approaches for 1 . 1 and  1 . 2 .  building a new fundamental model is always a worthwhile task , but we can get  going with the above approaches immediately in parallel with developing any  new models that we may build . new models can be added to the suite of  existing models . i do not believe there will ever be a single model that will  answer all questions for all names , but rather we can refine the mappings and  relative choices among models over time , which would mean continuing  round - table sessions with traders . limited data makes calibration very hard ,  so i would continually ask the question "" what do we calibrate ? "" throughout  the discussions for 1 . 1 and 1 . 2 , and this may help guide us to new models .  vasant  benjamin parsons  06 / 19 / 2000 04 : 11 am  to : ect london credit trading  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , amitava  dhar / corp / enron @ enron , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect ,  dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , jitendra j  patel / lon / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect  subject : pricing credit on thousands of names  all -  our challenge for the next few months is to build an automated system to  provide differential pricing on thousands of credits [ 5 , 000 by year - end ] .  most of these credits will be illiquid in terms of market price information ,  making the challenge harder , and the end result more important in terms of  competitive pricing advantage . what we need is an overall strategy for how we  plan to achieve this from the quantitative perspective .  currently we have several models for credit pricing either in use or under  development :  fmc model ( default probability approach ) . using bloomberg ' s fair market ( par  yield ) curves , probabilities are generated from the risky - libor , then  default / bankruptcy swap prices computed using expectation methodology .  fmc model ( credit spread approach ) . using the fmcs , then directly taking the  libor credit spread at each tenor , adjusting for basis and compounding  differences .  bond model ( fmc approach ) . taking the fmcs as benchmark curves , the model  regresses the input bonds ( specific to a name ) on the two best fitting  benchmarks . the result is a zero yield curve with the same shape as the fmcs ,  but with the level tweaked for the specific issuer . prices are then generated  using both spread and probability approaches . under testing .  bond model ( spline approach ) . taking only the bonds specific to an issuer ,  the model fits an exponential cubic spline to the zero - coupon price curve ,  then builds a zero yield curve from this . under testing .  market prices . for certain liquid names , or sectors / ratings , cds market  prices are used , then recovery and event discount used to get bankruptcy swap  prices .  kmv . using expected default frequencies ( edfs ) from the kmv model and  database , we will build a model to price default swaps , making appropriate  risk adjustments . kmv is being installed now , so model will be worked on next .  each of these models returns a price ( credit default and bankruptcy ) , and the  accuracy of the price depends on many factors - liquidity and regulatory  differences between bond and cds markets , recovery assumptions , risk premia ,  capital charges , etc . the aim will be to accurately price as many liquid  names as possible , based upon these models , then use these prices , alongside  other financial information , as the backbone to a full automated pricing  system .  our inputs to the proposed pricing system for a specific name are model and  market prices for all issuers , alongside name - specific ' soft ' data from  credit reports and financial statements . if the credit is liquid enough , a  price will be generated from their own information only . otherwise , the  credit will be mapped onto a subset of liquid credits , with financial  information and historical price movements providing the mapping and weights .  the model price will then be periodically adjusted to align itself with  market ( or trader ) prices , and this adjustment will feed back into the  weighting and mapping composition . in loose terms , we could think of the  system price for an illiquid credit as being a weighted average of liquid  market prices ( bonds , equities , default swaps ) , where the weightings are  calibrated using credit analysis , financial ratios , etc .  the key steps to implementing such a system will be :  establishing what exactly we want to ' predict ' - is it a price , a rating , a  probability , or a score ? we will need a clean market history to calibrate to ,  which we only really have for ratings . we will then need to develop a mapping  from rating / score to price .  getting and cleaning the historical financial and credit data required to  calibrate the model .  building the mechanics of the model , ie , the calibration methodology . neural  nets / fuzzy logic seem the obvious candidates , but which exact methods and  software packages to use ?  determining an automated methodology for mapping names with limited  information into the model .  getting the "" true "" market price , in order to feed back an error . at present  such a price exists for very few credits .  allocating resources to the development . mckinsey claimed such a system would  take 6 - 10 man - months to develop .  further ideas or comments are requested , as we need to develop our strategy  asap . the model description above is fairly vague , as we don ' t yet have the  knowledge needed to fill in the specific details . further help will be  especially required on this if we are to continue to move at ' internet speed ' .  regards  ben",0,pricing credit thousands names continue discussion tuesday conference call discussed ben issues thoughts complete approach starting point discussion main task build pricing system many names two components price single name price liquid single name price illiquid single name efficiently apply methodology multiple names approach would take define small set liquid names b apply different models say six models ben mentioned names c include market prices names sit traders get trader intuition liquid name price note spectrum prices obtained b c e try determine attributes names may explain dispersion trader prices across models f quantify attributes possible g try different set liquid names repeat process see decisions last round still make sense approach may define small set illiquid names b apply different models names c sit traders get trader intuition illiquid name price note spectrum prices obtained b try determine attributes names may explain dispersion trader prices across models e check similar attributes identified liquid names f define master set liquid names g look relationships analyzing cross section data attributes prices illiquid names liquid names mapping defined illiquid name set liquid names attributes mapping entered table pricing automated names theory success depend success round table sessions approaches building new fundamental model always worthwhile task get going approaches immediately parallel developing new models may build new models added suite existing models believe ever single model answer questions names rather refine mappings relative choices among models time would mean continuing round table sessions traders limited data makes calibration hard would continually ask question calibrate throughout discussions may help guide us new models vasant benjamin parsons ect london credit trading cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect amitava dhar corp enron enron steven leppard lon ect ect grant masson hou ect ect dale surbey lon ect ect david wall risk mgmt lon ect ect jitendra j patel lon ect ect oliver gaylard lon ect ect subject pricing credit thousands names challenge next months build automated system provide differential pricing thousands credits year end credits illiquid terms market price information making challenge harder end result important terms competitive pricing advantage need overall strategy plan achieve quantitative perspective currently several models credit pricing either use development fmc model default probability approach using bloomberg fair market par yield curves probabilities generated risky libor default bankruptcy swap prices computed using expectation methodology fmc model credit spread approach using fmcs directly taking libor credit spread tenor adjusting basis compounding differences bond model fmc approach taking fmcs benchmark curves model regresses input bonds specific name two best fitting benchmarks result zero yield curve shape fmcs level tweaked specific issuer prices generated using spread probability approaches testing bond model spline approach taking bonds specific issuer model fits exponential cubic spline zero coupon price curve builds zero yield curve testing market prices certain liquid names sectors ratings cds market prices used recovery event discount used get bankruptcy swap prices kmv using expected default frequencies edfs kmv model database build model price default swaps making appropriate risk adjustments kmv installed model worked next models returns price credit default bankruptcy accuracy price depends many factors liquidity regulatory differences bond cds markets recovery assumptions risk premia capital charges etc aim accurately price many liquid names possible based upon models use prices alongside financial information backbone full automated pricing system inputs proposed pricing system specific name model market prices issuers alongside name specific soft data credit reports financial statements credit liquid enough price generated information otherwise credit mapped onto subset liquid credits financial information historical price movements providing mapping weights model price periodically adjusted align market trader prices adjustment feed back weighting mapping composition loose terms could think system price illiquid credit weighted average liquid market prices bonds equities default swaps weightings calibrated using credit analysis financial ratios etc key steps implementing system establishing exactly want predict price rating probability score need clean market history calibrate really ratings need develop mapping rating score price getting cleaning historical financial credit data required calibrate model building mechanics model ie calibration methodology neural nets fuzzy logic seem obvious candidates exact methods software packages use determining automated methodology mapping names limited information model getting true market price order feed back error present price exists credits allocating resources development mckinsey claimed system would take man months develop ideas comments requested need develop strategy asap model description fairly vague yet knowledge needed fill specific details help especially required continue move internet speed regards ben
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  aii listed software is availabie for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery !  just few examples :  - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage !  best regards ,  siyvia ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions german french spanish uk many others aii listed software availabie immediate download need wait week cd deiivery examples norton internet security pro windows xp professional sp fuil version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciudinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianquage best regards siyvia
"Subject: energy operations promotions  i am pleased to announce the following promotions effective february 1 within  ena energy operations . these individuals have been promoted in recognition  of their outstanding performance and their contributions to the continuing  success of enron north america . please join me in congratulating these  employees on their promotions .  promotions to senior director  kristin albrecht serves as business controller for ena  , s power business .  along with leslie reeves , kristin ensures that power transactions are handled  accurately and smoothly from beginning to end . kristin  , s primary focus is on  risk controls and daily reporting of positions and p & l for east power  trading , west power trading and genco operations .  brenda herod serves as business controller for ena  , s assets business , working  with the gas assets group and the texas trading desk . her responsibilities  include global contracts and facilities , risk management , confirmations , gas  scheduling , volume management , settlements and regulatory compliance for  houston pipeline , lrc and enron midstream services .  leslie reeves is a business controller for ena  , s power business , working  closely with kristin albrecht in managing mid and back office support for the  east , west and genco power trading groups . her primary responsibilities are  documentation and settlements , with a focus on contract administration , cash  forecasting and cash management .  mary solmonson leads ena  , s global database management group , collecting and  validating information on our customers , contracts , pipelines and facilities ,  as well as published prices . these activities support overall energy  operations responsibilities from risk to logistics to settlement . in  addition , mary has been instrumental in the promotion and implementation of  the global systems across enron to provide control , consistency , and common  data throughout the organization .  promotions to director  scott pleus serves as business controller for enron  , s emerging products .  these businesses include bandwidth , pulp and paper , and weather . his primary  responsibilities include day - to - day functions of risk management ,  confirmations , pulp and paper scheduling , and settlements as well as long  term system development .  sheri thomas led ena  , s natural gas off - system settlements function throughout  1999 . her responsibilities included cash forecasting , collections , and  accountability for receivables and payables for ena  , s gas business in the  east , west and central regions of the us . sheri accepted a new assignment in  january 2000 and is now managing the enron online operations .  promotions to manager  bennett kaufman manages the risk management administration function for the  equity trading and debt trading groups . he has also had experience in  supporting the options book for natural gas derivatives trading . prior to  joining enron in early 1998 , bennett worked in trading operations for  investment banking firms in new york .  richard mckeel is the systems integration analyst within global database  management , overseeing the change management process and new software  development needed to interface the global applications with strategic  systems  ) sitara , unify , enpower , solarc , sap , and enrononline .  other promotions  specialist to senior specialist : analyst to specialist :  sylvia campos  ) deal compliance contract records tara eslick  ) financial  trading risk management  kam keiser  ) gas risk management - central desk victoria versen  ) gas  logistics - east desk  phillip love  ) risk controls operational analysis  jeff coats  ) gas risk management - central desk  monica lande  ) west power risk management ( portland ) senior clerk to staff :  trang le  ) strategic operations  ) project unify  john postlewaite  ) east power risk management anthony campos  ) deal  compliance contract records  diane seib  ) documentation ( calgary ) kori loibl  ) gas risk management -  financial books  donnie vinson  ) west power risk management ( portland )  imelda frayre  ) strategic operations - project sitara  clerk to senior clerk :  staff to specialist :  leslie smith  ) information & records management  amy degeyter  ) power documentation melinda whalen  ) documentation ( calgary )  michael nguyen  ) emerging products risk management  sherlyn schumack  ) logistics volume management  karie hastings  ) strategic operations - project sitara  in addition , peggy hedstrom and brent price were promoted to vice president ,  as announced in the memo issued by enron corp . office of the chairman . peggy  leads energy operations for enron canada , with responsibility for risk  management , documentation and gas logistics . peggy also serves as a key  interface with canadian pipelines as a member of several industry  committees . brent is the senior business controller for gas trading  operations in the u . s . his responsibilities include risk management ,  confirmations , volume management and settlements for the east , west and  central regions . he also provides operational expertise in the due diligence  phase of the evaluations of joint ventures and acquisitions .",0,energy operations promotions pleased announce following promotions effective february within ena energy operations individuals promoted recognition outstanding performance contributions continuing success enron north america please join congratulating employees promotions promotions senior director kristin albrecht serves business controller ena power business along leslie reeves kristin ensures power transactions handled accurately smoothly beginning end kristin primary focus risk controls daily reporting positions p l east power trading west power trading genco operations brenda herod serves business controller ena assets business working gas assets group texas trading desk responsibilities include global contracts facilities risk management confirmations gas scheduling volume management settlements regulatory compliance houston pipeline lrc enron midstream services leslie reeves business controller ena power business working closely kristin albrecht managing mid back office support east west genco power trading groups primary responsibilities documentation settlements focus contract administration cash forecasting cash management mary solmonson leads ena global database management group collecting validating information customers contracts pipelines facilities well published prices activities support overall energy operations responsibilities risk logistics settlement addition mary instrumental promotion implementation global systems across enron provide control consistency common data throughout organization promotions director scott pleus serves business controller enron emerging products businesses include bandwidth pulp paper weather primary responsibilities include day day functions risk management confirmations pulp paper scheduling settlements well long term system development sheri thomas led ena natural gas system settlements function throughout responsibilities included cash forecasting collections accountability receivables payables ena gas business east west central regions us sheri accepted new assignment january managing enron online operations promotions manager bennett kaufman manages risk management administration function equity trading debt trading groups also experience supporting options book natural gas derivatives trading prior joining enron early bennett worked trading operations investment banking firms new york richard mckeel systems integration analyst within global database management overseeing change management process new software development needed interface global applications strategic systems sitara unify enpower solarc sap enrononline promotions specialist senior specialist analyst specialist sylvia campos deal compliance contract records tara eslick financial trading risk management kam keiser gas risk management central desk victoria versen gas logistics east desk phillip love risk controls operational analysis jeff coats gas risk management central desk monica lande west power risk management portland senior clerk staff trang le strategic operations project unify john postlewaite east power risk management anthony campos deal compliance contract records diane seib documentation calgary kori loibl gas risk management financial books donnie vinson west power risk management portland imelda frayre strategic operations project sitara clerk senior clerk staff specialist leslie smith information records management amy degeyter power documentation melinda whalen documentation calgary michael nguyen emerging products risk management sherlyn schumack logistics volume management karie hastings strategic operations project sitara addition peggy hedstrom brent price promoted vice president announced memo issued enron corp office chairman peggy leads energy operations enron canada responsibility risk management documentation gas logistics peggy also serves key interface canadian pipelines member several industry committees brent senior business controller gas trading operations u responsibilities include risk management confirmations volume management settlements east west central regions also provides operational expertise due diligence phase evaluations joint ventures acquisitions
"Subject: energy : oil drilling : survey finds producers plan to spend more  than originally planned in . . .  survey finds producers plan to spend more than originally planned in 2000  06 / 19 / 2000  petroleum finance week  ( c ) 2000 phillips business information , inc .  oil and gas producers plan to increase their worldwide exploration and  production expenditures by more than they anticipated  at the beginning of the year , lehman brothers inc . found in a mid - year  update of its annual e & p survey . "" the 326 companies  we surveyed are planning on an 18 . 2 percent increase , versus a 10 . 2 percent  rise budgeted in december , "" said james d .  crandell , who follows oil services and drilling for the new york investment  banker .  he emphasized that the gain by the 326 producers in lehman ' s survey reflects  increases in budgets for 2000 and not  underspending of budgets during 1999 . "" among the companies that were  included in our december 1999 and may 2000  surveys , global spending actually came in slightly above what was estimated  to have been spent during 1999 in december . it  also indicates that nearly $ 6 billion has been added to 2000 worldwide  exploration budgets since december , "" crandell said .  the survey ' s respondents said that they planned to increase u . s . e & p  expenditures by 17 . 6 percent , up from 15 . 9 percent  earlier in the year . crandell said that the greater increase was driven  almost entirely by independent producers . "" in our survey ,  227 independents indicated e & p spending growth in 2000 of 26 . 1 percent  versus a 22 . 9 percent increase budgeted for the  year in december , "" he indicated . "" some 40 percent of the independents we  surveyed have increased their u . s . e & p budgets ,  while about 23 percent plan on spending less than what they indicated last  december . higher natural gas prices and increased  cash flow are the main drivers behind this . ""  crandell said that anadarko petroleum corp . ( nyse : apc ) , apache corp . ( nyse :  apa ) , bhp petroleum , h . s . resources inc .  ( nyse : hse ) , mcmoran exploration co . ( nyse : ran ) , mdu resources group inc .  ( nyse : mdu ) , mitchell energy and  development corp . ( nyse : mnd . a and mnd . b ) , santa fe snyder corp . ( nyse :  sfs ) , stone energy corp . ( nyse : sgy ) and  titan exploration inc . - now pure resources inc . ( nyse : prs ) - were among  the larger independents to make the most  significant upward revisions . the ones that significantly reduced planned  u . s . e & p outlays for the year included barrett  resources corp . ( nyse : brr ) , belco oil and gas corp . ( nyse : bog ) , burlington  resources inc . ( nyse : br ) , coastal corp .  ( nyse : cgp ) , forcenergy inc . ( nyse : fen ) , houston exploration co . ( nyse :  hex ) , kerr - mcgee corp . ( nyse : kmg ) , mariner  energy corp . and williams production co .  the survey found that major oil companies plan about the same percentage  gain in their 2000 u . s . e & p expenditures ( 8 . 8  percent ) at midyear as they did at the beginning of the year ( 8 . 4 percent ) .  among the 14 companies in this category , 31  percent made meaningful increases in their 2000 e & p spending estimates  during the first six months , including amerada hess  corp . ( nyse : ahc ) , conoco inc . ( nyse : coc . a and coc . b ) , occidental petroleum  corp . ( nyse : oxy ) and total fina elf s . a .  ( nyse : tot ) . another 19 percent - including eni spa ( nyse : e ) , royal  dutch / shell ( nyse : rdp and stt ) and texaco inc .  ( nyse : tx ) - scaled back their domestic spending estimates , while the  remaining 50 percent of the majors in the survey  remained the same .  ' the increase in canada . . . is nothing short of staggering . . . '  "" the increase in canada indicated by the 85 companies in our survey is  nothing short of staggering , "" crandell continued . of  the 85 companies that he contacted , 44 . 7 percent budgeted higher  expenditures for 2000 than for 1999 . "" compared with  december , 41 percent of them have increased their estimated spending in 2000  by more than 10 percent , while 20 percent  have reduced it by more than 10 percent . the remaining 39 percent have kept  it within 10 percent of what was originally  estimated , "" crandell said . talisman energy inc . ( nyse : tlm ) led the group  with a huge increase , followed by anderson  exploration ltd . ( tse : axl ) , gulf canada resources ltd . ( nyse : gou ) , murphy  oil corp . ( nyse : mur ) , pan canadian  petroleum ltd . ( tse : pcp ) and shell canada ltd . ( tse : shc ) . like their u . s .  counterparts , producers above the border raised  their 2000 e & p budgets in response to higher gas prices and increased cash  flow , according to the lehman analyst .  he said that foreign upstream budgets were an area of surprise : "" the 14 . 9  percent gain indicated by the 99 oil and gas  companies that have operations outside the united states and canada was well  above the 5 . 7 percent increase for 2000  estimated last december . as in other geographies , there were more companies  that increased budgets than decreased them . ""  overall , crandell said that 33 percent of the surveyed companies raised  their 2000 e & p budgets by more than 10 percent , 43  estimated expenditures in roughly the same range and 24 percent indicated  that they would spend less than originally planned .  he said that the larger increases were driven by some big companies which  materially increased their budgets , including  texaco , petroleos brasileiros s . a . , petroleos mexicanos s . a . and repsol ypf  s . a . ( nyse : rep ) among the multinationals and  amerada hess , apache , premier oil plc . and woodside energy among mid - sized  companies .  crandell noted that while respondents ' average price assumptions rose during  2000 ' s first six months ( to $ 22 . 04 from $ 19 . 25  per barrel of crude oil and to $ 2 . 58 from $ 2 . 38 per thousand cubic feet of  natural gas ) , they still trail current prices and what  lehman brothers estimates for the year ( $ 28 per barrel of crude and $ 3 . 30  per mcf of gas ) . "" this suggests a stronger second  half than expected , should companies raise budgets further to reflect the  higher prices , "" he said .  - nick snow in washington  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john peyton / hou / ect on 06 / 19 / 2000 07 : 36  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com on 06 / 19 / 2000 08 : 27 : 26 pm  please respond to nobody @ maill . djnr . com  to : 1346 @ wctopics . djnr . com  cc :  subject : energy : oil drilling : survey finds producers plan to spend more than  originally planned in . . .  survey finds producers plan to spend more than originally planned in  2000  oil and gas producers plan to increase their worldwide exploration and  production expenditures by more than they anticipated at the beginning  of the  year , lehman brothers inc . found in a mid - year update of its annual e & p  survey . "" the 326 companies we . . .  published by : petroleum finance week  date : 06 / 19 / 2000  word count : 894  relevance score on scale of 100 : 80  folder name : energy : oil drilling  full - text article available at  c = ptry  articles are included at no charge for flat - fee corporate customers . ( under  standard pricing , charges apply . for details , click the $ icon on the dow  jones interactive home page , located at http : / / www . djinteractive . com . )  to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or  contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com  or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511  or contact your local sales representative . )  copyright ( c ) 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved",0,energy oil drilling survey finds producers plan spend originally planned survey finds producers plan spend originally planned petroleum finance week c phillips business information inc oil gas producers plan increase worldwide exploration production expenditures anticipated beginning year lehman brothers inc found mid year update annual e p survey companies surveyed planning percent increase versus percent rise budgeted december said james crandell follows oil services drilling new york investment banker emphasized gain producers lehman survey reflects increases budgets underspending budgets among companies included december may surveys global spending actually came slightly estimated spent december also indicates nearly billion added worldwide exploration budgets since december crandell said survey respondents said planned increase u e p expenditures percent percent earlier year crandell said greater increase driven almost entirely independent producers survey independents indicated e p spending growth percent versus percent increase budgeted year december indicated percent independents surveyed increased u e p budgets percent plan spending less indicated last december higher natural gas prices increased cash flow main drivers behind crandell said anadarko petroleum corp nyse apc apache corp nyse apa bhp petroleum h resources inc nyse hse mcmoran exploration co nyse ran mdu resources group inc nyse mdu mitchell energy development corp nyse mnd mnd b santa fe snyder corp nyse sfs stone energy corp nyse sgy titan exploration inc pure resources inc nyse prs among larger independents make significant upward revisions ones significantly reduced planned u e p outlays year included barrett resources corp nyse brr belco oil gas corp nyse bog burlington resources inc nyse br coastal corp nyse cgp forcenergy inc nyse fen houston exploration co nyse hex kerr mcgee corp nyse kmg mariner energy corp williams production co survey found major oil companies plan percentage gain u e p expenditures percent midyear beginning year percent among companies category percent made meaningful increases e p spending estimates first six months including amerada hess corp nyse ahc conoco inc nyse coc coc b occidental petroleum corp nyse oxy total fina elf nyse tot another percent including eni spa nyse e royal dutch shell nyse rdp stt texaco inc nyse tx scaled back domestic spending estimates remaining percent majors survey remained increase canada nothing short staggering increase canada indicated companies survey nothing short staggering crandell continued companies contacted percent budgeted higher expenditures compared december percent increased estimated spending percent percent reduced percent remaining percent kept within percent originally estimated crandell said talisman energy inc nyse tlm led group huge increase followed anderson exploration ltd tse axl gulf canada resources ltd nyse gou murphy oil corp nyse mur pan canadian petroleum ltd tse pcp shell canada ltd tse shc like u counterparts producers border raised e p budgets response higher gas prices increased cash flow according lehman analyst said foreign upstream budgets area surprise percent gain indicated oil gas companies operations outside united states canada well percent increase estimated last december geographies companies increased budgets decreased overall crandell said percent surveyed companies raised e p budgets percent estimated expenditures roughly range percent indicated would spend less originally planned said larger increases driven big companies materially increased budgets including texaco petroleos brasileiros petroleos mexicanos repsol ypf nyse rep among multinationals amerada hess apache premier oil plc woodside energy among mid sized companies crandell noted respondents average price assumptions rose first six months per barrel crude oil per thousand cubic feet natural gas still trail current prices lehman brothers estimates year per barrel crude per mcf gas suggests stronger second half expected companies raise budgets reflect higher prices said nick snow washington forwarded john peyton hou ect pm djcustomclips djinteractive com pm please respond nobody maill djnr com wctopics djnr com cc subject energy oil drilling survey finds producers plan spend originally planned survey finds producers plan spend originally planned oil gas producers plan increase worldwide exploration production expenditures anticipated beginning year lehman brothers inc found mid year update annual e p survey companies published petroleum finance week date word count relevance score scale folder name energy oil drilling full text article available c ptry articles included charge flat fee corporate customers standard pricing charges apply details click icon dow jones interactive home page located http www djinteractive com review revise folder visit http www djinteractive com contact dow jones customer service e mail custom news bis dowjones com phone outside u canada call contact local sales representative copyright c dow jones company inc rights reserved
"Subject: follow up / cultivation for mit  mit / sloan team :  i am pleased to announce that the two candidates below were extended offers  for enron ' s summer associate program :  hakeem sanusi 617 - 576 - 7570 hsanusi @ mit . edu offer pending  jozef lieskovsky 617 - 905 - 5633 jlieskov @ mit . edu offer pending  as we discussed , there were a number of excellent candidates that we met  while interviewing for summer associates . in an effort to strengthen our  name on campus and to cultivate relationships with these individuals , we want  to make a concerted effort to keep up with them for our fall recruiting  effort . i have attached a template for us to use and refer to for both the  offers and the cultivations . this serves as a two - fold communication tool :  a tool for the team members to use in contacting the candidates and a tool  for me to use when tracking any issues or concerns the candidates may have .  please feel free to add to it and e - mail it back to me or give me a call  ( ext . 37632 ) and i will update it .  i will also be using this to report back to a & a management .  below are the names of the candidates that made it to the second round . we  want to call on all of them .  blaise nietcho 617 - 225 - 2598 blaise @ mit . edu  rocco paduano 617 - 742 - 2085 rpaduano @ mit . edu  samuel vainstein 617 - 266 - 7257 samuva @ mit . edu  diego silva robert 617 - 441 - 6999 dsilva @ mit . edu  should you have any questions , please feel free to give me a call .  thanks ,  karen marshall  recruiting manager",0,follow cultivation mit mit sloan team pleased announce two candidates extended offers enron summer associate program hakeem sanusi hsanusi mit edu offer pending jozef lieskovsky jlieskov mit edu offer pending discussed number excellent candidates met interviewing summer associates effort strengthen name campus cultivate relationships individuals want make concerted effort keep fall recruiting effort attached template us use refer offers cultivations serves two fold communication tool tool team members use contacting candidates tool use tracking issues concerns candidates may please feel free add e mail back give call ext update also using report back management names candidates made second round want call blaise nietcho blaise mit edu rocco paduano rpaduano mit edu samuel vainstein samuva mit edu diego silva robert dsilva mit edu questions please feel free give call thanks karen marshall recruiting manager
"Subject: re :  hari ,  i shall send you a reprint of the article . i had to  cancel my presentation at san antonio .  vince  shirley ,  please , send a copy of the article to hari .  hari natrajan on 02 / 28 / 2001 06 : 45 : 29 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject :  dear mr . kaminski ,  i am a doctoral student at the indian institute of management bangalore ,  india . my area of interest is the energy sector , especially electricity  derivatives . i am interested in obtaining a copy of the following items :  1 ) your presentation "" current challenges in modeling power price volatility ""  at the session on price volatility & probabilistic methods in the energy  markets . ( http : / / www . informs . org / conf / sanantonio 2000 / / talks / md 29 . html )  2 ) your chapter "" the challenge of pricing and risk managing electricity  derivatives "" in the book ' the us power market ' , risk publications .  i would appreciate it if you could send me a soft / hard copy of the same .  thank you ,  yours sincerely ,  hari natarajan  fellowship student  indian institute of management bangalore  bannerghatta road  bangalore 560076  india  tel : 91 - 80 - 6993056  fax : 91 - 80 - 6584050  e - mail : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in",0,hari shall send reprint article cancel presentation san antonio vince shirley please send copy article hari hari natrajan vince j kaminski enron com cc subject dear mr kaminski doctoral student indian institute management bangalore india area interest energy sector especially electricity derivatives interested obtaining copy following items presentation current challenges modeling power price volatility session price volatility probabilistic methods energy markets http www informs org conf sanantonio talks md html chapter challenge pricing risk managing electricity derivatives book us power market risk publications would appreciate could send soft hard copy thank sincerely hari natarajan fellowship student indian institute management bangalore bannerghatta road bangalore india tel fax e mail hnatraj iimb ernet
"Subject: re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  vince : apparently neil mcgregor became upset when he received margaret  daffin ' s email . he is saying , however , that anshuman will only be in  houston for one month , and you had mentioned six months when we spoke  earlier . it really doesn ' t make any difference since he will need to get an  ll visa under either circumstance , but i thought you might want to see his  email .  molly  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by molly magee / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 09  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  margaret daffin  01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 57 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  molly : per our conversation today . please let me know the status so that i  can proceed with the visa process .  thanks  margaret  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001  09 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  neil mcgregor @ enron _ development  01 / 24 / 2001 05 : 18 am  to : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  anshuman is not moving or immigrating to the us . we are allowing him to work  for a lmonth assignment in the us with enron . please carry out the necessary  approvals and visa ' s on this basis .  neil mcgregor  ceo dabhol power  margaret daffin @ ect  01 / 23 / 2001 10 : 31 pm  to : anshuman . srivastav @ enron . com  cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jane  allen / hou / ect @ ect , timothy callahan / na / enron @ enron , ranendra  sengupta / enron _ development @ enron _ development , wade  cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , neil  mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development @ ect , harsimran  subject : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  anshuman : i have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to  houston , texas . in order that i may begin the process of getting you an ll  immigration visa , i will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire  and return it to me with copies of the following documents :  a copy of all pages of your passport , even if blank  copies of all previous us visas issued  an updated resume , showing months and years  copies of all diplomas and transcripts received  if you have dependent family members coming to the states with you , copies of  their passports  please send to my attention , via fedex to :  enron corp .  3 allen center , 3 ac 2026 a  333 clay street  houston , tx 77002  please call me with any questions you may have at 713 - 345 - 5083 .",0,visa anshuman shrivastava vince apparently neil mcgregor became upset received margaret daffin email saying however anshuman houston one month mentioned six months spoke earlier really make difference since need get visa either circumstance thought might want see email molly forwarded molly magee hou ect margaret daffin molly magee hou ect ect cc subject visa anshuman shrivastava molly per conversation today please let know status proceed visa process thanks margaret forwarded margaret daffin hou ect neil mcgregor enron development margaret daffin hou ect ect cc wade cline enron development enron development subject visa anshuman shrivastava anshuman moving immigrating us allowing work lmonth assignment us enron please carry necessary approvals visa basis neil mcgregor ceo dabhol power margaret daffin ect pm anshuman srivastav enron com cc molly magee hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect jane allen hou ect ect timothy callahan na enron enron ranendra sengupta enron development enron development wade cline enron development enron development neil mcgregor enron development enron development ect harsimran subject visa anshuman shrivastava anshuman asked contact regarding possible move houston texas order may begin process getting immigration visa need complete attached visa questionnaire return copies following documents copy pages passport even blank copies previous us visas issued updated resume showing months years copies diplomas transcripts received dependent family members coming states copies passports please send attention via fedex enron corp allen center ac clay street houston tx please call questions may
"Subject: re : book notes  vince : look forward to meeting you . . .  amy  vince j kaminski @ ect  07 / 24 / 2000 08 : 33 am  to : amy oberg / hou / ees @ ees  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : book notes  amy ,  i received your voice - mail message . i was traveling last week and unable  to answer it directly .  i shall be glad to join you on thursday for the presentation ( 3 p . m .  on my calendar ) .  vince",0,book notes vince look forward meeting amy vince j kaminski ect amy oberg hou ees ees cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject book notes amy received voice mail message traveling last week unable answer directly shall glad join thursday presentation p calendar vince
"Subject: re : enron / stanford program  stinson ,  great ! i ' m looking forward to a very productive collaboration .  i ' ll immediately start doing giuseppe ' s papers , for him to work  on the enron / stanford program .  many thanks to you and vince , and i hope to see you soon at stanford  or enron . if i remember correctly , vince is visiting stanford in  october .  best regards ,  nick  stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > i spoke with paul racicot , head of trading for ebs , north america this  > morning . he said that he is happy to send the $ 100 , 000 for your program  > from his budget . i have forwarded to him the draft letter to accompany  > the funds and will try to follow up to make sure that the money is sent  > promptly .  >  > - - stinson",0,enron stanford program stinson great looking forward productive collaboration immediately start giuseppe papers work enron stanford program many thanks vince hope see soon stanford enron remember correctly vince visiting stanford october best regards nick stinson gibner enron com wrote nick spoke paul racicot head trading ebs north america morning said happy send program budget forwarded draft letter accompany funds try follow make sure money sent promptly stinson
"Subject: re : enron weather research  good afternoon mike :  i certainly am interested in determining if there may be a potential fit  there at enron . i am very enthusiastic to apply my finance and meteorology  backgrounds in a market - based environment that is driven to achieve  unprecedented efficiencies . attached are two documents : 1 ) a  business - focused resume , and 2 ) an abbreviated meteorology cv .  graduate meteorology coursework included advanced atmospheric dynamics i and  ii , advanced physical meteorology , boundary layer modeling , numerical  modeling , research methods in meteorology , and turbulence .  i will look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  greg hunt  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc : ; ;  sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 9 : 12 am  subject : enron weather research  >  > greg ,  >  > hello , and by way of introduction , we were forwarded your e - mail address  by  > heather thorne .  >  > i understand you have an m . s . in meteorology as well as an m . b . a . in  > finance , and have done some research at livermore .  >  > i ' d be happy to learn more about your activities , and , if you are  > interested , to see if there may be a potential fit here at enron .  >  > can you e - mail your resume with a description of your coursework and  > research activities ?  >  > looking forward to hearing from you ,  >  > mike roberts  > vice president - research  >  - greg hunt _ resume _ 4 - 27 - 01 . doc  - greg hunt _ cv _ meteorology _ 4 - 27 - 01 . doc",0,enron weather research good afternoon mike certainly interested determining may potential fit enron enthusiastic apply finance meteorology backgrounds market based environment driven achieve unprecedented efficiencies attached two documents business focused resume abbreviated meteorology cv graduate meteorology coursework included advanced atmospheric dynamics ii advanced physical meteorology boundary layer modeling numerical modeling research methods meteorology turbulence look forward hearing sincerely greg hunt original message cc sent friday april subject enron weather research greg hello way introduction forwarded e mail address heather thorne understand meteorology well b finance done research livermore happy learn activities interested see may potential fit enron e mail resume description coursework research activities looking forward hearing mike roberts vice president research greg hunt resume doc greg hunt cv meteorology doc
"Subject: re : the consultant ' s model for gary hickerson ' s group  the model is supposed to be a real option model to capture the value of  power plants of gencos . it is to give trader a better insight as to whether  the  market is overvaluing / undervaluing certain genco stocks , and trader can  act accordingly . i ' m still trying to find out how trader is supposed to use  it .  modeling details :  the model takes in all gencos ' locational power forward prices and fuel  forward  prices , and uses garch model to simulate one year daily prices , and then  uses a hourly profile to convert them into hourly prices . garch model  parameters  are estimated by the consultant using and separate model and  are updated twice a year , and it does not matter whether the simulation starts  in january or september .  using these prices , it will determine whether a unit at a particular location  will be dispatched  or not depending on a ) spread of power and fuel prices , and b ) whether the  start - up  cost can be recovered during 8 operation hours . the unit can be dispatched at  minimum and peak levels . fixed o & m , sox and nox ( i don ' t know what the last  two stand for )  are taken into consideration .  with the simulated dispatch schedule , the model calculates the value that can  be generated  by this unit , then sums it up across all units .  the final value is the average of 100 simulations . and it takes about 16  hours to run for about  200 units .  after our conversation , the consultant promised to look into a ) how to make  the model more flexible ,  say , to allow a different time horizon , b ) reduce spreadsheet overhead by  doing calculation one  unit a time and not saving all the intermediate information ( as of now it  saves everything  on the spreadsheet ) .  assuming the garch process is modelled correctly , i believe the methodology  is ok , though  it does not capture most of the optionality .  my concerns are :  whether the price processes are modelled correctly . i have to get more  details before making  any conclusion .  100 simulations are way too few . unless we convert the algorithm to c , i  don ' t see how spreadsheet  can handle more simulations . i guess that ' s why they contact us . but again ,  if enron ' s buying the  model from the consulting company , why should enron do their job for them ?  how trader ' s going to use the model output . for this i phoned jeff ( the  associate who initiated all  these ) and am still waiting for his returning call . a related questions why  the model horizon is one year .  we can either  oversee the conversation , but not doing actual coding for them .  or  redo the model for them . ( the problem still remains that how trader ' s going  to use the output ) . but  in view of the great wall of china separating the business units , should we  do it ?  as of now i have a simulation model taking start - up cost , fixed o & m , rump - up  delay into consideration .  it simulates monthly prices ( using gbm ) and takes 2 minutes 40 seconds to run  10 , 000 simulations for  one unit for ten years ( 120 time steps ) . it can use forward - forward vol and  incorporate seasonality into  it ( i understand this is debatable ) . ( one interesting observation is that  when using forward - forward vol  simulation , the standard deviation is about 0 . 5 % , while standard deviation  using forward vol is about  2 % . also , incorporating seasonality increases the value by about 1 . 6 % ) . since  most of the time - cost  occurs in price simulation , and we are to simulate about 20 price processes ,  i hope the full model  ( if we build it ) will take a couple of hours to run for 200 units . the main  task will be interfacing , i . e . ,  getting data from data base , and outputting the results . this is where i need  most help if i am to do it .  please advice the course of action . i am supposed to talk to michelle  cisneros today .  p . s . i never promised to oversee a programmer in our group ( see the message  below ) .  best ,  alex  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alex huang / corp / enron on 01 / 05 / 2001 08 : 58  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jeff m gray  01 / 04 / 2001  to : gary . hickerson @ enron . com , michael . w . bradley @ enron . com ,  michelle . d . cisneros @ enron . com , jaime . gualy @ enron . com  cc : alex . huang @ enron . com , kskinner @ ftenergy . com , cseiple @ ftenergy . com  subject : fw : project timeline  ken and i worked up the following timeline and refined the trading  methodology a bit this morning . we also met with alex huang from vince ' s  group , and explained the model and coding tasks . ken and alex have arranged  to speak by phone on monday , and meanwhile alex is coordinating within the  research group . alex will oversee a programmer within his group , while  interfacing regularly with us .  1 / 4 kickoff  1 / 11 complete spreadsheet , table , and database structures ( rdi ) .  1 / 17 complete software coding for the pricemaker component of the model  ( rdi and enron research ) , and begin testing ( enron research ) .  1 / 22 complete software coding for the dispatch portion of the model ( rdi  and enron research ) , and begin testing ( enron research ) .  1 / 22 complete financial trader "" user "" interface , within the access  environment ( rdi ) .  1 / 22 complete collection and delivery of unverified generating - unit data from  rdi databases ( rdi ) . begin verification process ( rdi ) .  1 / 29 complete all charts and reports accessible from the user interface  ( rdi ) .  1 / 29 complete compilation of consensus ebitda forecasts for all operations  other than merchant generation ( enron financial trading ) .  2 / 9 complete code testing ( enron research ) .  2 / 9 deliver verified and quality - checked generating - unit data ( rdi ) .  2 / 9 complete the model , begin testing the trading methodology , and train  users .  2 / 16 finish training , testing , and final qc .  jeff",0,consultant model gary hickerson group model supposed real option model capture value power plants gencos give trader better insight whether market overvaluing undervaluing certain genco stocks trader act accordingly still trying find trader supposed use modeling details model takes gencos locational power forward prices fuel forward prices uses garch model simulate one year daily prices uses hourly profile convert hourly prices garch model parameters estimated consultant using separate model updated twice year matter whether simulation starts january september using prices determine whether unit particular location dispatched depending spread power fuel prices b whether start cost recovered operation hours unit dispatched minimum peak levels fixed sox nox know last two stand taken consideration simulated dispatch schedule model calculates value generated unit sums across units final value average simulations takes hours run units conversation consultant promised look make model flexible say allow different time horizon b reduce spreadsheet overhead calculation one unit time saving intermediate information saves everything spreadsheet assuming garch process modelled correctly believe methodology ok though capture optionality concerns whether price processes modelled correctly get details making conclusion simulations way unless convert algorithm c see spreadsheet handle simulations guess contact us enron buying model consulting company enron job trader going use model output phoned jeff associate initiated still waiting returning call related questions model horizon one year either oversee conversation actual coding redo model problem still remains trader going use output view great wall china separating business units simulation model taking start cost fixed rump delay consideration simulates monthly prices using gbm takes minutes seconds run simulations one unit ten years time steps use forward forward vol incorporate seasonality understand debatable one interesting observation using forward forward vol simulation standard deviation standard deviation using forward vol also incorporating seasonality increases value since time cost occurs price simulation simulate price processes hope full model build take couple hours run units main task interfacing e getting data data base outputting results need help please advice course action supposed talk michelle cisneros today p never promised oversee programmer group see message best alex forwarded alex huang corp enron jeff gray gary hickerson enron com michael w bradley enron com michelle cisneros enron com jaime gualy enron com cc alex huang enron com kskinner ftenergy com cseiple ftenergy com subject fw project timeline ken worked following timeline refined trading methodology bit morning also met alex huang vince group explained model coding tasks ken alex arranged speak phone monday meanwhile alex coordinating within research group alex oversee programmer within group interfacing regularly us kickoff complete spreadsheet table database structures rdi complete software coding pricemaker component model rdi enron research begin testing enron research complete software coding dispatch portion model rdi enron research begin testing enron research complete financial trader user interface within access environment rdi complete collection delivery unverified generating unit data rdi databases rdi begin verification process rdi complete charts reports accessible user interface rdi complete compilation consensus ebitda forecasts operations merchant generation enron financial trading complete code testing enron research deliver verified quality checked generating unit data rdi complete model begin testing trading methodology train users finish training testing final qc jeff
"Subject: re : calpx power prices  ? ? ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001 03 : 52  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : maria van houten 01 / 29 / 2001 11 : 35 am  to : jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : calpx power prices  jason ,  are you looking for calpx hour ahead umcp or calpx hour ahead zone prices ?  we have hour ahead zone price data from 10 / 1 / 98 - current and hour ahead umcp  from 11 / 6 / 2000 onward .  maria v . h .  from : jason sokolov 01 / 26 / 2001 09 : 17 am  to : maria van houten / pdx / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : calpx power prices  maria ,  i am looking for historical hourly real - time ( spot ) power prices for calpx .  can you help me to locate them ?  jason sokolov",0,calpx power prices forwarded jason sokolov hou ect pm enron north america corp maria van houten jason sokolov hou ect ect cc subject calpx power prices jason looking calpx hour ahead umcp calpx hour ahead zone prices hour ahead zone price data current hour ahead umcp onward maria v h jason sokolov maria van houten pdx ect ect cc subject calpx power prices maria looking historical hourly real time spot power prices calpx help locate jason sokolov
"Subject: rice / enron finance seminar series  rice / enron finance seminar series participants :  we are getting ready to kick off the 2000 / 2001 enron finance seminar series  at rice university .  you can find the current schedule at http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / .  note that this is a new web address .  for your convenience , here are the dates and speakers lined up so far :  sept 22 jeff pontiff , u . of washington  sept 29 len mirman , u . of virginia  oct 6 charles lee , cornell  oct 13 george allayannis , darden  oct 20 william goetzmann , yale  nov 17 yacine ait - sahalia , princeton ( joint seminar with rice economics )  mar 9 paul schultz , notre dame  apr 27 luigi zingales , u . of chicago  lined up for the spring but date not yet scheduled :  tim bollerslev , duke university  matthew richardson , new york university  as changes are made to the schedule , i will notify the distribution list .  in addition , as we have done in the past , we will post the abstract and a  downloadable version of the paper ( if available ) to the website a week or  two before the seminar . the website will also provide a link to the  speaker ' s homepage so you can access his or her biographical  information . if the paper is not available at the website , i will send a  hardcopy to interested jones school faculty , to felecia jones ( economics ) ,  latha ramchand ( university of houston ) , and vince kaminski ( enron ) .  i will e - mail an announcement before each seminar , reminding you of the  seminar date , time , and location . the distribution list will include  everyone that receives this e - mail . please contact me at ostdiek @ rice . edu  if you would like to be deleted from the mailing list or if you know of  someone who should be added ( new phd students , new faculty , etc . ) .  bbo  barbara ostdiek  assistant professor of finance  jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street - ms 531  houston , tx 77005 - 1892  713 - 348 - 5384 ( voice )  713 - 348 - 5251 ( fax )  ostdiek @ rice . edu  www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ ostdiek /",0,rice enron finance seminar series rice enron finance seminar series participants getting ready kick enron finance seminar series rice university find current schedule http www ruf rice edu jgsfss note new web address convenience dates speakers lined far sept jeff pontiff u washington sept len mirman u virginia oct charles lee cornell oct george allayannis darden oct william goetzmann yale nov yacine ait sahalia princeton joint seminar rice economics mar paul schultz notre dame apr luigi zingales u chicago lined spring date yet scheduled tim bollerslev duke university matthew richardson new york university changes made schedule notify distribution list addition done past post abstract downloadable version paper available website week two seminar website also provide link speaker homepage access biographical information paper available website send hardcopy interested jones school faculty felecia jones economics latha ramchand university houston vince kaminski enron e mail announcement seminar reminding seminar date time location distribution list include everyone receives e mail please contact ostdiek rice edu would like deleted mailing list know someone added new phd students new faculty etc bbo barbara ostdiek assistant professor finance jones graduate school management rice university main street ms houston tx voice fax ostdiek rice edu www ruf rice edu ostdiek
Subject: get a costco gold membership .  this is one of the best memberships you can get . visit here .  yfdjedbe,1,get costco gold membership one best memberships get visit yfdjedbe
"Subject: re : account information  email advertise to 28 , 000 , 000 people for free  act now before 6 pm pst on tuesday , may 28 th  and receive a free $ 899 . 00 bonus  1 ) let ' s say you . . . sell a $ 24 . 95 product or service .  2 ) let ' s say you . . . broadcast email free to 500 , 000 people daily .  3 ) let ' s say you . . . receive just 1 order for every 2 , 500 emails .  calculation of your earnings based on the above statistics :  [ day 1 ] : $ 4 , 990 [ week 1 ] : $ 34 , 930 [ month 1 ] : $ 139 , 720  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  you now know why you receive so many email advertisements . . .  = = = > broadcast email advertising is extremely profitable !  1 ) what if you . . . sell a $ 99 . 95 product or service ?  2 ) what if you . . . broadcast email to 30 , 000 , 000 + people monthly ?  3 ) what if you . . . receive 1 order for every 250 emails ?  just imagine = > day 30 ! = = > week 30 ! ! = = = > month 30 ! ! !  = = > the profits that broadcast email can generate are amazing ! !  * * according to forrester research , a broadcast email ad is up  * * to 15 times more likely to result in a sale than a banner ad !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  [ comparison of internet advertising methods ] :  = > a 1 / 20 page targeted web site banner ad to 5 million people  on the internet can cost you about $ 100 , 000 .  = > a 5 page targeted direct mail advertisement to 1 million people  through the postal service can cost you about $ 500 , 000 .  = > a 50 page targeted html broadcast email advertisement with  pictures to 50 , 000 , 000 people through the internet is free .  . . . which advertising method sounds most appealing to you ?  "" targeted direct email advertising is the wave of the future .  by no other means can you effectively reach your market so  quickly and inexpensively . "" - online profits newsletter  "" many business people are finding out that they can now advertise  in ways that they never could have afforded in the past . the  cost of sending mass e - mail is extremely low , and the response  rate is high and quick . "" - usa today  - - - - - - - - - - -  [ example of a personalized / targeted broadcast email ] :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : kate @ cattiesinc . com  to : mary @ commtomm . com  subject : about your cat !  hi mary ,  are you interested in receiving up to 80 % savings on cat supplies ?  if so , come visit our web site at : http : / / www . cattiesinc . com  = > with broadcast email software , a broadcast email advertisement  = > like this one can be automatically sent to up to 1 , 000 , 000  = > people on a daily basis with less than 2 minutes of your time !  * imt strategies reports an average of a 16 . 4 % click through rate  from users that have received a broadcast email advertisement !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  a european 2001 benchmark study  conducted by forrester research says :  1 ) 41 % of consumers believe email is a good way to find out about  new products .  2 ) 36 % of consumers in 13 countries read most of the promotional  email they receive and 9 % forward the email to a friend because  they think it is valuable .  - - - - - - - - - - -  be prepared ! you may receive a huge amount of orders within  minutes of sending out your first broadcast email advertisement !  * according to digital impact , 85 % of broadcast email offers are  responded to within the first 48 hours !  "" when you reach people with e - mail , they ' re in a work mode , even  if they ' re not at work . they ' re sitting up , they ' re alert . you  catch them at a good moment , and if you do it right , you have a  really good shot of having them respond . ""  - william thames [ revnet direct marketing vp ]  - - - - - - - - - - -  * an arthur anderson online panel reveals that 85 % of online users  say that broadcast email advertisements have led to a purchase ! ""  "" according to flonetwork , us consumers discover new products and  services 7 + times more often through an email advertisement ,  than through search engines , magazines and television combined ! ""  only a handful of companies on the internet have discovered  broadcast email advertising . . . = > now you can be one of them ! !  - - - - - - - - - - -  = > united messaging says there are 890 + million email addresses !  = > get ready ! now with broadcast email , you can reach them all  = > thanks to our broadcast email software !  our broadcast email software with dns technology automatically  creates 10 super - fast mail servers on your computer which are  then used to send out your broadcast emails to millions for free !  = = > with our new email sending technology . . .  = = > your internet provider ' s mail servers are not used !  there are no federal regulations or laws on email advertising &  now with our software = > you can avoid internet provider concerns !  = > if you send a broadcast email advertisement to 50 , 000 , 000  = > people and just 1 of 5 , 000 people respond , you can generate  = > 10 , 000 extra orders ! how much extra profit is this for you ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  as featured in : "" the boston globe "" ( 05 / 29 / 98 ) ,  "" the press democrat "" ( 01 / 08 / 99 ) , "" anvil media "" ( 01 / 29 / 98 ) :  [ nim corporation presents ] : the broadcast email package  requirements : win 95 / 98 / 2000 / me / nt / xp or mac softwindows / virtualpc  [ broadcast email sender software ] ( $ 479 . 00 retail ) :  our broadcast email sender software allows you the ability to  send out unlimited , personalized and targeted broadcast email  advertisements to over 500 , 000 , 000 people on the internet at  the rate of up to 1 , 000 , 000 daily , automatically and for free !  have a list of your customer email addresses ? broadcast email  advertise to them with our software for free !  [ targeted email extractor software ] ( $ 299 . 00 retail ) :  our targeted email extractor software will automatically  navigate through the top 8 search engines , 50 , 000 + newsgroups ,  millions of web sites , deja news , etc . . and collect millions  of targeted email addresses by using the keywords of your  choice ! this is the ultimate extractor tool !  [ 15 , 000 , 000 + email addresses ] ( $ 495 . 00 retail ) :  millions of the newest & freshest general interest and  regionally targeted email addresses separated by area code ,  state , province , and country ! from alabama to wyoming ,  argentina to zimbabwe ! 15 , 000 , 000 + fresh emails are yours !  [ step by step broadcast email package instructions ] :  you will be guided through the entire process of installing  and using our broadcast email software to send out broadcast  email advertisements , like this one , to millions of people for  free ! even if you have never used a computer before , these  instructions make sending broadcast email as easy as 1 - 2 - 3 !  [ the broadcast email handbook ] :  the broadcast email handbook will describe to you in detail ,  everything you ever wanted to know about broadcast email !  learn how to write a successful advertisement , how to manage  the hundreds of new orders you could start receiving , what  sells best via broadcast email , etc . . . this handbook is a  necessity for anyone involved in broadcast email !  [ unlimited customer & technical support ] :  if you ever have any questions , problems or concerns with  anything related to broadcast email , we include unlimited  customer & technical support to assist you ! our # 1 goal  is customer satisfaction !  [ additional information ] :  our broadcast email software package contains so many  features , that it would take five additional pages just to  list them all ! duplicate removing , automatic personalization ,  and free upgrades are just a few of the additional bonuses  included with our broadcast email software package !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  all together our broadcast email package contains everything  you will ever need for your entire broadcast email campaign !  you will receive the entire broadcast email package with  everything listed above ( $ 1 , 250 . 00 + retail ) for only $ 499 . 00 us !  but wait ! ! if you order by tuesday , may 28 th , you will  receive the broadcast email package for only $ 295 . 00 us ! !  order now and receive [ 13 , 000 , 000 bonus emails ] ( $ 899 value )  for free for a total of 28 , 000 , 000 fresh email addresses ! !  regardless , if you send to 1 , 000 or 100 , 000 , 000 people . . .  you will never encounter any additional charges ever again !  our broadcast email software sends email for a lifetime for free !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  since 1997 , we have been the broadcast email marketing authority .  our # 1 goal is to see you succeed with broadcast email advertising .  we are so confident about our broadcast email package , that we are  giving you 30 days to use our entire package for free !  = = > you can send unlimited broadcast email advertisements !  = = > you can extract unlimited targeted email addresses !  = = > you can receive unlimited orders !  if you do not receive at least a 300 % increase in sales or are not  100 % completely satisfied with each and every single aspect of our  broadcast email package , simply return it to us within 30 days for  a 100 % full refund , no questions asked ! !  best of all , if you decide to keep our broadcast email package , it  can be used as a 100 % tax write off for your business !  - - - - - - - - - - -  see what users of our broadcast email package have to say . . .  "" since using your program , i have made as much in two days as i  had in the previous two weeks ! ! ! ! ! i have to say thank you for  this program - you have turned a hobby into a serious money  making concern . ""  = w . rogers - chicago , il  "" we have used the software to send to all our members plus about  100 , 000 off the disk you sent with the software and the response  we have had is just fantastic ! ! our visits and sales are nearly  at an all time high ! ""  = a . freeman - england , uk  "" i have received over 1200 visitors today and that was only  sending out to 10 , 000 email addresses ! ""  = k . swift - gunnison , co  "" i ' m a happy customer of a few years now . thanks a lot . . . . i love  this program . . ""  = s . gallagher - melville , ny  "" thanks for your prompt filing of my order for your broadcast email  software - - it took only about a day . this is faster than anybody  i have ever ordered something from ! thanks again ! ""  = w . ingersoll - scottsdale , az  "" i feel very good about referring the folks i have sent to you  thus far and will continue to do so . it is rare to find a company  that does business this way anymore . . . it is greatly appreciated . ""  = t . blake - phoenix , az  "" your software is a wonderful tool ! a + + + + ""  = s . nova - los angeles , ca  "" thank you for providing such a fantastic product . ""  = m . lopez - tucson , az  "" your tech support is the best i have ever seen ! ""  = g . gonzalez - malibu , ca  "" i am truly impressed with the level of service . i must admit i  was a bit skeptical when reading your ad but you certainly deliver ! ""  = i . beaudoin - toronto , on  "" my first go round gave me $ 3000 to $ 4000 in business in less than  one week so i must thank your company for getting me started . ""  = a . roberts - san francisco , ca  "" we are really happy with your email program . it has increased  our business by about 500 % . ""  = m . jones - vancouver , bc  "" it really works ! ! ! ! ! thank you thank you , thank you . ""  = j . beckley - cupertino , ca  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  [ sound too good to be true ? ]  * * if you broadcast email to 500 , 000 internet users daily . . .  * * do you think that maybe 1 of 5 , 000 may order ?  = > if so . . . that is 100 extra ( cost - free ) orders every day ! !  remember . . you have 30 days to use our broadcast email package  for free and see if it works for you !  if you are not 100 % completely satisfied , simply return the  broadcast email package to us within 30 days for a full refund !  - - - - - - -  [ broadcast email software package ] : easy ordering instructions  = > once your order is received we will immediately rush out the  = > broadcast email package on cd - rom to you via fedex priority  = > overnight or 2 - day priority international the same day free !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  [ to order by phone ] :  to order our broadcast email software package by phone with  a credit card or if you have any additional questions , please  call our sales department in the usa at :  = > ( 541 ) 665 - 0400  * * you can order now ! all major credit cards are accepted !  order by 3 pm pst ( m - th ) today - > have it by 10 am tomorrow free !  european & foreign residents - > have it within 2 weekdays free !  removal from our email list = > call ( 206 ) 208 - 4589  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  [ to order by fax ] :  to order our broadcast email software package by fax with a credit  card , please print out the order form at the bottom of this email  and complete all necessary blanks . then , fax the completed order  form to our order department in the usa at :  = > ( 503 ) 213 - 6416  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  [ to order by postal mail ] :  to order our broadcast email software package with a cashiers  check , credit card , us money order , us personal check , or us bank  draft by postal mail , please print out the order form at the  bottom of this email and complete all necessary blanks .  send it along with payment of $ 295 . 00 us postmarked by tuesday ,  may 28 th , or $ 499 . 00 us after tuesday , may 28 th to :  nim corporation  1314 - b center drive # 514  medford , or 97501  united states of america  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" over 20 , 000 businesses come on the internet every single day . . .  if you don ' t send out broadcast email . . . your competition will ! ""  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  [ broadcast email software package ] : order form  ( c ) 1997 - 2002 nim corporation . all rights reserved  company name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  your name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  billing address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state / province : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  zip / postal code : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  non pobox shipping address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state / province : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  zip / postal code : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  phone number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ fax number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  email address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  * * to purchase by credit card , please complete the following :  visa [ ] mastercard [ ] amex [ ] discover [ ] diners club [ ]  name on credit card : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  cc number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ exp . date : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  amount to charge credit card ( $ 295 . 00 or $ 499 . 00 ) : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  signature : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ",1,account information email advertise people free act pm pst tuesday may th receive free bonus let say sell product service let say broadcast email free people daily let say receive order every emails calculation earnings based statistics day week month know receive many email advertisements broadcast email advertising extremely profitable sell product service broadcast email people monthly receive order every emails imagine day week month profits broadcast email generate amazing according forrester research broadcast email ad times likely result sale banner ad comparison internet advertising methods page targeted web site banner ad million people internet cost page targeted direct mail advertisement million people postal service cost page targeted html broadcast email advertisement pictures people internet free advertising method sounds appealing targeted direct email advertising wave future means effectively reach market quickly inexpensively online profits newsletter many business people finding advertise ways never could afforded past cost sending mass e mail extremely low response rate high quick usa today example personalized targeted broadcast email kate cattiesinc com mary commtomm com subject cat hi mary interested receiving savings cat supplies come visit web site http www cattiesinc com broadcast email software broadcast email advertisement like one automatically sent people daily basis less minutes time imt strategies reports average click rate users received broadcast email advertisement european benchmark study conducted forrester research says consumers believe email good way find new products consumers countries read promotional email receive forward email friend think valuable prepared may receive huge amount orders within minutes sending first broadcast email advertisement according digital impact broadcast email offers responded within first hours reach people e mail work mode even work sitting alert catch good moment right really good shot respond william thames revnet direct marketing vp arthur anderson online panel reveals online users say broadcast email advertisements led purchase according flonetwork us consumers discover new products services times often email advertisement search engines magazines television combined handful companies internet discovered broadcast email advertising one united messaging says million email addresses get ready broadcast email reach thanks broadcast email software broadcast email software dns technology automatically creates super fast mail servers computer used send broadcast emails millions free new email sending technology internet provider mail servers used federal regulations laws email advertising software avoid internet provider concerns send broadcast email advertisement people people respond generate extra orders much extra profit featured boston globe press democrat anvil media nim corporation presents broadcast email package requirements win nt xp mac softwindows virtualpc broadcast email sender software retail broadcast email sender software allows ability send unlimited personalized targeted broadcast email advertisements people internet rate daily automatically free list customer email addresses broadcast email advertise software free targeted email extractor software retail targeted email extractor software automatically navigate top search engines newsgroups millions web sites deja news etc collect millions targeted email addresses using keywords choice ultimate extractor tool email addresses retail millions newest freshest general interest regionally targeted email addresses separated area code state province country alabama wyoming argentina zimbabwe fresh emails step step broadcast email package instructions guided entire process installing using broadcast email software send broadcast email advertisements like one millions people free even never used computer instructions make sending broadcast email easy broadcast email handbook broadcast email handbook describe detail everything ever wanted know broadcast email learn write successful advertisement manage hundreds new orders could start receiving sells best via broadcast email etc handbook necessity anyone involved broadcast email unlimited customer technical support ever questions problems concerns anything related broadcast email include unlimited customer technical support assist goal customer satisfaction additional information broadcast email software package contains many features would take five additional pages list duplicate removing automatic personalization free upgrades additional bonuses included broadcast email software package together broadcast email package contains everything ever need entire broadcast email campaign receive entire broadcast email package everything listed retail us wait order tuesday may th receive broadcast email package us order receive bonus emails value free total fresh email addresses regardless send people never encounter additional charges ever broadcast email software sends email lifetime free since broadcast email marketing authority goal see succeed broadcast email advertising confident broadcast email package giving days use entire package free send unlimited broadcast email advertisements extract unlimited targeted email addresses receive unlimited orders receive least increase sales completely satisfied every single aspect broadcast email package simply return us within days full refund questions asked best decide keep broadcast email package used tax write business see users broadcast email package say since using program made much two days previous two weeks say thank program turned hobby serious money making concern w rogers chicago il used software send members plus disk sent software response fantastic visits sales nearly time high freeman england uk received visitors today sending email addresses k swift gunnison co happy customer years thanks lot love program gallagher melville ny thanks prompt filing order broadcast email software took day faster anybody ever ordered something thanks w ingersoll scottsdale az feel good referring folks sent thus far continue rare find company business way anymore greatly appreciated blake phoenix az software wonderful tool nova los angeles ca thank providing fantastic product lopez tucson az tech support best ever seen g gonzalez malibu ca truly impressed level service must admit bit skeptical reading ad certainly deliver beaudoin toronto first go round gave business less one week must thank company getting started roberts san francisco ca really happy email program increased business jones vancouver bc really works thank thank thank j beckley cupertino ca sound good true broadcast email internet users daily think maybe may order extra cost free orders every day remember days use broadcast email package free see works completely satisfied simply return broadcast email package us within days full refund broadcast email software package easy ordering instructions order received immediately rush broadcast email package cd rom via fedex priority overnight day priority international day free order phone order broadcast email software package phone credit card additional questions please call sales department usa order major credit cards accepted order pm pst th today tomorrow free european foreign residents within weekdays free removal email list call order fax order broadcast email software package fax credit card please print order form bottom email complete necessary blanks fax completed order form order department usa order postal mail order broadcast email software package cashiers check credit card us money order us personal check us bank draft postal mail please print order form bottom email complete necessary blanks send along payment us postmarked tuesday may th us tuesday may th nim corporation b center drive medford united states america businesses come internet every single day send broadcast email competition broadcast email software package order form c nim corporation rights reserved company name name billing address city state province zip postal code country non pobox shipping address city state province zip postal code country phone number fax number email address purchase credit card please complete following visa mastercard amex discover diners club name credit card cc number exp date amount charge credit card signature
Subject: re : research allocation  thank you,0,research allocation thank
"Subject: look 10 years younger - free sample ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! esoy  this e - mail ad is being sent in full compliance with u . s . senate bill 1618 , title # 3 , section 301  to remove yourself send a blank e - mail to : removal 992002 @ yahoo . com  free sample ! free tape !  new cosmetic breakthru !  look 10 years younger in ( 6 ) weeks or less !  look good duo . . from the inside out . . . . .  > from the outside in !  introducing . . . . natures answer to faster  and more obvious results for :  * * wrinkles  * * cellulite  * * dark circles  * * brown spots . . .  * * lifts the skin  * * strenghtens the hair and nails  also helps to . . . . . . . .  * reduce cell damage from excessive sun exposure  * stimulate colllagen formation  * provide protection against skin disorder  * and is hopoallergenic  find out what ! where ! and how !  to order your free sample and tape send your  request to :  lookyoungnow 2000 @ yahoo . com  subject : subscribe to free sample :  your name : . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  street address : . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  city : . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  state and zip code : . . . . . . . . . .  email address : . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  sxjrohvneydjgucyfa",1,look years younger free sample esoy e mail ad sent full compliance u senate bill title section remove send blank e mail removal yahoo com free sample free tape new cosmetic breakthru look years younger weeks less look good duo inside outside introducing natures answer faster obvious results wrinkles cellulite dark circles brown spots lifts skin strenghtens hair nails also helps reduce cell damage excessive sun exposure stimulate colllagen formation provide protection skin disorder hopoallergenic find order free sample tape send request lookyoungnow yahoo com subject subscribe free sample name street address city state zip code email address sxjrohvneydjgucyfa
"Subject: re : seismic data via satellite  bob ,  i ' ve just now had time to add some comments to your summary . my comments  are in the attachment which encorporates your work .  greg  bob lee @ enron  16 / 10 / 2000 14 . 47  to : gregory p smith / hou / ect @ ect , richard reichardt / enron communications @ enron  communications , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : seismic data via satellite  i have attached a background piece to brief oil traders on this subject prior  to a possible meeting with them .  please give me any comments on 1 ) accuracy 2 ) completeness and 3 ) coverage  of the areas we want to explore .  as a side note , i found some info on the web stating current proven oil  reserves are 1 , 000 billion bbls . discovery of a 1 billion bbl field would  add only 0 . 1 % . while we will pursue the trading advantage option , it is not  looking promising that it has great short term value , given the long time  frame and high cost of bringing deep water reserves to market .  bob lee",0,seismic data via satellite bob time add comments summary comments attachment encorporates work greg bob lee enron gregory p smith hou ect ect richard reichardt enron communications enron communications vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc zimin lu hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect subject seismic data via satellite attached background piece brief oil traders subject prior possible meeting please give comments accuracy completeness coverage areas want explore side note found info web stating current proven oil reserves billion bbls discovery billion bbl field would add pursue trading advantage option looking promising great short term value given long time frame high cost bringing deep water reserves market bob lee
Subject: yvan chaxel  your name was listed by yvan as a reference on his application for a graduate  school tuition loan . your assistance in this process is greatly appreciated .,0,yvan chaxel name listed yvan reference application graduate school tuition loan assistance process greatly appreciated
"Subject: executive program on credit risk modeling  subject : announcement : executive program on credit risk modeling  credit risk modeling for financial institutions  october 15 - 20 , 2000  at stanford university business school  risk management specialists , stanford business school professors of finance  darrell duffie and kenneth singleton will be repeating their successful  executive program on credit risk pricing and risk management for financial  institutions . the course is created for risk managers , research staff , and  traders with responsibility for credit risk or credit - related products ,  including bond and loan portfolios , otc derivative portfolios , and credit  derivatives .  this program includes :  * valuation models for defaultable bonds , otc derivatives , and credit  derivatives , with empirical applications to corporate and sovereign markets  * empirical and theoretical assessments of models for measuring credit  risk , with correlation , for portfolios  * the strengths and limitations of current practice in credit risk  measurement  * practical issues in implementing credit modeling and risk systems  * estimation of default and transition probabilities , and the  correlations among the default risks of publicly traded companies , from  historical data  application form :  credit risk modeling for financial institutions  stanford , october 15 - 20 , 2000  this form may be completed and returned by email , or may be printed and sent  by fax to :  stanford gsb executive education programs  fax number : 650 723 3950  you may also apply and see more detailed information by visiting our web  site at :  www . gsb . stanford . edu / exed / crm  applications will be acknowledged upon receipt . if you have not received an  acknowledgement within two weeks , please contact us .  please complete all sections . all information is kept strictly confidential .  name :  put an x beside one , please : male : female :  citizenship :  job title :  company :  your company ' s main activity :  business mailing address :  business phone ( all codes please ) :  business fax :  email address :  home address :  home phone :  nickname for identification badge :  emergency contact name :  emergency contact phone :  title of person to whom you report :  your job responsibilities and experience related to this course : ( please  provide a brief job summary here , or attach and send a biographical summary  containing information relevant to your purpose and qualifications for the  course . )  college or university education : please list , by degree :  college or university dates degree granted  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  please note :  all classes and discussions are conducted in english .  in order to reserve a place in the course , the program fee of us $ 7 , 500 is  due upon notification of acceptance . this fee covers the tuition , single  room , meals , and all course materials ( including a proprietary manuscript on  credit risk pricing and measurement ) .  our refund policy is available upon request .  please state the source from which you heard about this course :  name and date :  if you would like a hard copy brochure and application form , please contact :  ( make sure to include your mailing address )  shelby m . kashiwamura  program manager  executive education  stanford graduate school of business  ( 650 ) 723 - 9356 phone  ( 650 ) 723 - 3950 fax  kashiwamura _ shelby @ gsb . stanford . edu",0,executive program credit risk modeling subject announcement executive program credit risk modeling credit risk modeling financial institutions october stanford university business school risk management specialists stanford business school professors finance darrell duffie kenneth singleton repeating successful executive program credit risk pricing risk management financial institutions course created risk managers research staff traders responsibility credit risk credit related products including bond loan portfolios otc derivative portfolios credit derivatives program includes valuation models defaultable bonds otc derivatives credit derivatives empirical applications corporate sovereign markets empirical theoretical assessments models measuring credit risk correlation portfolios strengths limitations current practice credit risk measurement practical issues implementing credit modeling risk systems estimation default transition probabilities correlations among default risks publicly traded companies historical data application form credit risk modeling financial institutions stanford october form may completed returned email may printed sent fax stanford gsb executive education programs fax number may also apply see detailed information visiting web site www gsb stanford edu exed crm applications acknowledged upon receipt received acknowledgement within two weeks please contact us please complete sections information kept strictly confidential name put x beside one please male female citizenship job title company company main activity business mailing address business phone codes please business fax email address home address home phone nickname identification badge emergency contact name emergency contact phone title person report job responsibilities experience related course please provide brief job summary attach send biographical summary containing information relevant purpose qualifications course college university education please list degree college university dates degree granted please note classes discussions conducted english order reserve place course program fee us due upon notification acceptance fee covers tuition single room meals course materials including proprietary manuscript credit risk pricing measurement refund policy available upon request please state source heard course name date would like hard copy brochure application form please contact make sure include mailing address shelby kashiwamura program manager executive education stanford graduate school business phone fax kashiwamura shelby gsb stanford edu
"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  ordering viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miilions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1,ready get hello viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction like one jokes sais strong enough man made woman ordering viagra oniine convinient fast secure way miilions peopie daily save privacy money order
"Subject: re : lng may 19 decision  john ,  sorry for the confusion .  this is a second tanker on which very few details  are available . the lng group is working as we speak  to provide some information for joe sutton before  his departure for paris this ( tuesday ) afternoon .  there is no dash on this 2 nd tanker yet . i asked dave gorte  on monday to send me one and was not told that  he can provide me with the mystic lady dash as the closest  substitute .  vince  john sherriff  05 / 16 / 2000 12 : 20 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : lng may 19 decision  vince - thanks for the update . what i am not sure of is what if any decision  has to be  made on may 19 . it seems to me that the mystic lady and elba island deals  have already  been approved and executed - but it is quite likely i am missing a detail or  two .  john  vince j kaminski  15 / 05 / 2000 17 : 14  to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , david gorte / hou / ect @ ect , rick  buy / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : lng may 19 decision  john ,  this is the update on what i have done for the lng transactions .  1 . i was not involved in the lng ship project . i shall read the dash  and give you my comments . without looking at the details , i think that the  decision  to charter a tanker removes one significant risk we have at the elba island  project ( please , see point 2 ) .  2 . elba island . i am working with doug rotenberbg , brad hitch , scott earnest  ( sally beck ' s organization ) and rac to set up the book for the elba island  transaction . the next step  will be to expand the book to capture all the enron ' s lng - related positions  in one place and  to look for natural risk offsets and possible hedges . a working group is  meeting to close a few  remaining gaps tomorrow ( tuesday ) at 8 : 30 .  a few comments on the book design and my view of the project :  a . the current thinking is that lng will be sourced for the elba island  facility  by buying marginal cargos on the fob basis . marginal cargos will represent  supply from excess capacity that has not been committed under long - term  contracts or became available due to some short - term frictions .  the fob cargos are typically selling at a significant discount to the  long - term  contract prices . the economics of the deal , as represented by the book we are  setting up , will reflect the assumption that not only we can locate marginal  cargos  but that we shall be able to do it on a regular basis , arranging shipping and  coordinating  the facility schedule and natural gas transactions in the us . in other words ,  we have a significant logistical and operational risk in this transaction .  b . the transaction will cover the period of 17 years ( with an extension  option of  5 years ) . even if we can lock - in the lng volumes over this time period , we  have no ability to lock - in the other side of the spread ( us gas prices ) for  such a long tenor . this is  essentially a tolling transaction with exposure to the lng - nat gas spread  and  i would not recommend locking - in only one leg of the spread .  one solution would be to cover , let ' s say , 50 % of he lng volumes for the  first  5 years and lock - in the nat gas side on the us market side .  c . the book we are setting up will be based on many managerial assumptions  regarding sources of lng , shipping rates , schedules , etc . i would set up a  big prudence reserve  in case we mark it to market .  d . my group will work on valuation of some options we have in the elba island  deal  ( that are good for enron ) and on the hedging strategy for the lng positions .  long - term lng contracts are typically based on the japanese crude cocktail  that  correlates very well with brent .  vince  john sherriff  05 / 14 / 2000 01 : 40 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lauren urquhart / lon / ect @ ect  subject : lng may 19 decision  vince  i haven ' t spoken to you for awhile but hope the world is treating you well .  anyway with greg moving to his  new role i have ( i hope only temporarily ) staff trading oversight for the  eastern hemishere plus lng .  i understand that your group is taking a first cut at developing curves for  lng and lng ship values . i also understand  that another lng ship decision is on the dockets for may 19 ( not very far  away ) . anway i understand this  is a big decision but i still have gotten very little info yet . can you  please let me know where you stand now ?  i will ask my assistant lauren to set up a time that i can speak with you in  the next couple of days and if you  have anything for me to review before then she can get it faxed to me as well .  look forward to connecting with you vince .  john",0,lng may decision john sorry confusion second tanker details available lng group working speak provide information joe sutton departure paris tuesday afternoon dash nd tanker yet asked dave gorte monday send one told provide mystic lady dash closest substitute vince john sherriff vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject lng may decision vince thanks update sure decision made may seems mystic lady elba island deals already approved executed quite likely missing detail two john vince j kaminski john sherriff lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect david gorte hou ect ect rick buy hou ect ect ted murphy hou ect ect subject lng may decision john update done lng transactions involved lng ship project shall read dash give comments without looking details think decision charter tanker removes one significant risk elba island project please see point elba island working doug rotenberbg brad hitch scott earnest sally beck organization rac set book elba island transaction next step expand book capture enron lng related positions one place look natural risk offsets possible hedges working group meeting close remaining gaps tomorrow tuesday comments book design view project current thinking lng sourced elba island facility buying marginal cargos fob basis marginal cargos represent supply excess capacity committed long term contracts became available due short term frictions fob cargos typically selling significant discount long term contract prices economics deal represented book setting reflect assumption locate marginal cargos shall able regular basis arranging shipping coordinating facility schedule natural gas transactions us words significant logistical operational risk transaction b transaction cover period years extension option years even lock lng volumes time period ability lock side spread us gas prices long tenor essentially tolling transaction exposure lng nat gas spread would recommend locking one leg spread one solution would cover let say lng volumes first years lock nat gas side us market side c book setting based many managerial assumptions regarding sources lng shipping rates schedules etc would set big prudence reserve case mark market group work valuation options elba island deal good enron hedging strategy lng positions long term lng contracts typically based japanese crude cocktail correlates well brent vince john sherriff vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc lauren urquhart lon ect ect subject lng may decision vince spoken awhile hope world treating well anyway greg moving new role hope temporarily staff trading oversight eastern hemishere plus lng understand group taking first cut developing curves lng lng ship values also understand another lng ship decision dockets may far away anway understand big decision still gotten little info yet please let know stand ask assistant lauren set time speak next couple days anything review get faxed well look forward connecting vince john
"Subject: organizational announcement  fyi .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by osman sezgen / hou / ees on 04 / 23 / 2001 02 : 29  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron energy services  from : ees distribution 04 / 23 / 2001 01 : 29 pm  sent by : kay chapman  to : all ees  cc :  subject : organizational announcement  consistent with the floor talks of a couple weeks ago , we are following up  with an e - mail describing the latest changes in our risk and back - office  functions that are now complete . ees  , s risk management and the vast majority  of ees  , s risk controls and operations group will become a new group in enron  wholesale services . this group  , s sole function will be to provide pricing ,  structuring , commodity risk management , logistics and back - office services  for ees . both don black and wanda curry will report to the ews office of the  chairman .  this change was driven by the explosive growth of ees and the resulting need  to tap the systems , resources and risk expertise of the wholesale groups in  order to continue to grow and take advantage of current market  opportunities . this change will allow us to more quickly capture the  benefits of scale , process , and technology in risk , logistics and back - office  functions from the larger enron capability . as discussed at the all employee  meeting in march , these are important objectives , and this change allows us  to reach those goals more quickly .  specifically , the following groups within the former ees risk management  group , will become a part of this new group reporting to don black :  - the gas , power and tariff desks ,  - the options desk ,  - the site profiles and consumption desks , and  - the matrix products / secondary products desks .  the dsm group and iam , along with its execution capability , will remain in  ees and report to the ees office of the chairman . we are pleased to announce  that ozzie pagan has agreed to lead this function . ozzie is an established  commercial dealmaker in ena . he has experience in power trading , origination  and plant development . in addition , the services group , which will provide  billing , information and other retail services , led by evan hughes , will  remain in ees and report to the ees ooc . all support functions , within the  former ees risk controls and operations group , that currently support the dsm  and the services groups , will remain in ees . the remaining parts of the risk  controls and operations group will become part of ews reporting to wanda  curry . as part of this change , we are pleased to add evan hughes and ozzie  pagan to the ees operating committee .  in addition , the structuring group , led by sean holmes , will be re - named deal  management . the vision for this group remains the same as that discussed at  the all employee meeting ; however , it will also facilitate and ensure  productive transaction interaction between ees and ews .  we have asked , marty sunde , as part of his vice chairman role , to resource  and lead a formal restructuring group to enhance or protect value in several  key transactions in our portfolio primarily in california .  the newly created it function , led by anthony dayao , will continue to report  into the ees ooc but will support both ees and ews it requirements .  other than these changes , the organizational structure , vision and objectives  detailed out for ees at the all - employee meeting in march remain . we need to  continue to understand and drive deeper into our markets , manage our client  relationships , mine our portfolio , build new products and execute on our  opportunities .  thanks for all your hard work . with your help we will become the worlds  leading energy retailer and enron  , s leading division . if you have any  questions please do not hesitate to ask",0,organizational announcement fyi forwarded osman sezgen hou ees pm enron energy services ees distribution pm sent kay chapman ees cc subject organizational announcement consistent floor talks couple weeks ago following e mail describing latest changes risk back office functions complete ees risk management vast majority ees risk controls operations group become new group enron wholesale services group sole function provide pricing structuring commodity risk management logistics back office services ees black wanda curry report ews office chairman change driven explosive growth ees resulting need tap systems resources risk expertise wholesale groups order continue grow take advantage current market opportunities change allow us quickly capture benefits scale process technology risk logistics back office functions larger enron capability discussed employee meeting march important objectives change allows us reach goals quickly specifically following groups within former ees risk management group become part new group reporting black gas power tariff desks options desk site profiles consumption desks matrix products secondary products desks dsm group iam along execution capability remain ees report ees office chairman pleased announce ozzie pagan agreed lead function ozzie established commercial dealmaker ena experience power trading origination plant development addition services group provide billing information retail services led evan hughes remain ees report ees ooc support functions within former ees risk controls operations group currently support dsm services groups remain ees remaining parts risk controls operations group become part ews reporting wanda curry part change pleased add evan hughes ozzie pagan ees operating committee addition structuring group led sean holmes named deal management vision group remains discussed employee meeting however also facilitate ensure productive transaction interaction ees ews asked marty sunde part vice chairman role resource lead formal restructuring group enhance protect value several key transactions portfolio primarily california newly created function led anthony dayao continue report ees ooc support ees ews requirements changes organizational structure vision objectives detailed ees employee meeting march remain need continue understand drive deeper markets manage client relationships mine portfolio build new products execute opportunities thanks hard work help become worlds leading energy retailer enron leading division questions please hesitate ask
"Subject: re : enron / stanford program  paul ,  is there anything i can do to help get the $ 100 k that enron promised to dr .  bambos ?  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000  07 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nick bambos on 10 / 09 / 2000 12 : 04 : 19 am  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : enron / stanford program  hi stinson ,  i am under pressure from the department to wrap up giuseppe ' s raship ,  and i am probing to see how things are going on this matter on your  side . i ' m deep in the red in terms of the deadline - way beyond it !  would it be possible to wrap this up this week ?  many thanks ,  nick  stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > i spoke with paul racicot , head of trading for ebs , north america this  > morning . he said that he is happy to send the $ 100 , 000 for your program  > from his budget . i have forwarded to him the draft letter to accompany  > the funds and will try to follow up to make sure that the money is sent  > promptly .  >  > - - stinson",0,enron stanford program paul anything help get k enron promised dr bambos stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm nick bambos stinson gibner enron com cc subject enron stanford program hi stinson pressure department wrap giuseppe raship probing see things going matter side deep red terms deadline way beyond would possible wrap week many thanks nick stinson gibner enron com wrote nick spoke paul racicot head trading ebs north america morning said happy send program budget forwarded draft letter accompany funds try follow make sure money sent promptly stinson
"Subject: london research intranet  felipe  following our discussion please close down all intranet access to the london  research group site . inaccuracies have been found in the content which may  have implications for our trading operations . closing the site will force  traders to contact our group direct , ensuring only correct information is  passed .  the site will be completely overhauled over the coming months , so i see  little benefit in reinstating access to the site in the near future .  many thanks ,  steve",0,london research intranet felipe following discussion please close intranet access london research group site inaccuracies found content may implications trading operations closing site force traders contact group direct ensuring correct information passed site completely overhauled coming months see little benefit reinstating access site near future many thanks steve
"Subject: investment op in proven nasa technology  hey , i thought you might like to take a look at viaspace  analyst research , report profiling services  by ipodesktop . com  viaspace , inc .  stock symbol : vspc . ob *  float : 24 mm ( est )  stock price 7 / 1 / 05 : $ 3 . 45  common shares 6 / 28 / 05 :  283 mm ( est )  recent price range : $ 2 . 80 - $ 3 . 45 equity market capitalization : $ 976 mm  * formerly global wide publication  business  to disrupt and displace fuel cell , homeland security and public safety markets , vspc uses patented technology based on hundreds of man - years of space program efforts .  vspc has licensed technology that has been has been nurtured , tested and proven in labs and space by nasa , jpl , caltech and university of southern california ( usc ) .  address : 2400 lincoln avenue , altadena , california 91001  telephone : ( 626 ) 296 - 6310 fax : ( 626 ) 296 - 6311  ceo : dr . carl kukkonen  web site : press here  state or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization : nevada  transfer agent : the nevada agency and trust company  investor contact : ( 888 ) 359 - 9558 , e - mail : press to email  summary  with proprietary technology vspc is driving the growth of very large , billion dollar new markets and is expected to generate very significant recurring income with patented technology products .  to gain competitive advantage , strategic partners are willing to integrate vspc ' s products on a worldwide basis .  future vspc cost - effective growth is based on the ' fabless business ' model , perfected by the semiconductor industry which , for example , outsources wafer manufacturing to the far east .  strong management team  a strong management team is the most important , critical ingredient to creating future shareholder value . vspc has a strong management team ( see below ) .  large rapidly growing markets  in general , to increase shareholder value a company must participate in rapidly growing markets , and should try to be a significant player in targeted markets . vspc expects to dominate billion dollar markets that do not exist today , by introducing ' believe it or not ' technology innovations that create and expand markets .  "" breakthrough "" products in the vspc pipeline  vpsc products in the process of commercialization are expected to enable up to 10 hours of laptop computer usage , and three weeks of cell phone operation using fuel cells , gps - free navigation , especially for places where gps doesn ' t work ( a top dod priority ) , automated analysis of air and seaport cargo containers based on x - ray imaging ( homeland security ) , identification of narcotics , chemicals , and biological weapons .  another total breakthrough , with a nanotechnology based mass spectrometer is a portable , carry - on suitcase size device that processes identifies one molecule at a time : further miniaturization is expected to shoebox size , compared with stationary desk size provided by today ' s competitors .  significant recurring income from fuel cell batteries  in five years , annual revenue from disposable fuel cartridges for fuel cell - powered portable electronic devices is expected to range between $ 7 billion on the low side to $ 45 billion on the high side . that market does not exist today .  vspc ' s fuel cell cartridge business model is similar to the well - known razor / razor blade model , which is to sell the razor and then make much more money on the recurring blade business . the fuel cell is a razor , and the disposable fuel cartridge is the razor blade .  another analogy is the  flashlight / battery model . imagine if a company had the primary intellectual property involved in manufacturing flashlights . it would probably license that technology to major flashlight manufacturers , in return for help in dominating the recurring flashlight battery business .  in this case vspc has the proprietary rights to the ' flashlight ' - - the fuel cell - - and intends to sell the "" flashlight battery "" - - specifically , disposable fuel cartridges , for an end - user price of $ 2 - $ 3 each .  vspc is currently negotiating to provide its patented fuel cell technology to major computer manufacturers , in return for their agreement to use disposable fuel cartridges developed by vspc , the manufacturing of which will be outsourced to well - known , major plants in the far east .  intellectual property protected with patents  vspc ' s fuel cell technology , for example , is protected by over 70 issued and pending patents .  strategic partners lend credibility  to create a cost - effective worldwide footprint , emerging companies must partner with branded , global companies who have strong management teams and significant resources .  vspc is partnering with major , well - known market leaders who have management , resources and global branding . partners are attracted to vspc ' s technology , and expect to gain competitive advantage by integrating patented , proprietary technology obtained from vspc .  for example , in the fuel cell business , toshiba , nec , sanyo , hitachi and samsung have unveiled prototype fuel cell powered products that more than double the operating time over existing battery technology . these companies are potential strategic partners for vspc . to better work with japanese manufacturers , vspc has opened a tokyo office .  "" fabless "" business model enables cost - effective growth  fabless semiconductor chip companies design and develop proprietary chips , then outsource manufacturing to wafer plants in the far east . some well - known fabless semiconductor companies , ranked by market capitalization , include  $ 12 billion market cap , broadcom ( brcm )  press here to view  $ 11 billion market cap , marvell semiconductor ( mrvl )  press here to view  $ 9 billion market cap , xilinx ( xlnx )  press here to view  $ 7 . 3 billion market cap , altera ( altr )  press here to view  $ 4 . 5 billion market cap , nvidia corp ( nvda )  press here to view  $ 4 . 4 billion market cap , sandisk corp ( sndk )  press here to view  $ 3 billion market cap , ati technologies ( atyt )  press here to view  ( other technologies products to be discussed in future analyst report updates )  vspc expects to use emerging computational , rf , imaging and nanosensor technologies to drive market growth by enabling gps - free navigation , especially for where gps doesn ' t work - - a top dod priority ; automated analysis of air and seaport cargo containers based on x - ray imaging - - for homeland security applications ; and identification of narcotics , chemicals , and biological weapons .  when appropriate we will also provide updates on projects currently under review , which include a water purification technology and interactive radio .  management  chief executive officer :  dr . carl kukkonen , ceo and founding partner .  prior to founding viaspace technologies llc , dr . kukkonen was director of the center for space microelectronics technology ( csmt ) and manager of supercomputing at the caltech / nasa jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , ca . at jpl , dr . kukkonen managed several technologies and technical teams , including the technical foundation of viaspace ' s operating subsidiaries .  among his major accomplishments , dr . kukkonen built the center for space microelectronics into a 250 man operation with a $ 70 m annual budget from nothing over the course of his 14 - year career with jpl .  prior to his jpl experience , dr . kukkonen was at the ford motor company , where he was ford ' s leading expert on hydrogen as an alternative automotive fuel . he also led a team that developed ford ' s first turbocharged intercooled direct injection diesel engine .  dr . kukkonen received a bs in physics from the university of california at davis . he earned an ms and ph . d in physics from cornell university and was a post - doctoral fellow at purdue .  chief operating officer / vice president business development :  a . j . abdallat , a co - founder of viaspace .  mr . abdallat , along with dr . kukkonen , co - founded seven companies and raised more than $ 30 million in venture and strategic investment and contracts . mr . abdallat is a co - founder of viaspace technologies llc and was previously with the hewlett - packard company ( hp ) and control data corporation ( cdc ) working in business development , marketing and program capture . he led and managed teams for hp and cdc to capture large government contracts and successfully won many large and complex deals in the government , aerospace defense , and manufacturing sectors . mr . abdallat received his master ' s degree in engineering from the university of missouri and a bs from the university of california at berkeley .  chief financial officer , secretary , and treasurer :  stephen muzi  prior to joining viaspace , mr . muzi was corporate controller of southwest water company , a nasdaq company with revenues in excess of $ 100 million . in this position , he was responsible for all sec reporting requirements as well as board of director reporting . he managed their line of credit banking relationships , risk management program , internal audit program , and income tax requirements . he also made presentations to investment brokers and analysts on behalf of the company focusing on outlooks for the future and past financial performance . prior to southwest water company , mr . muzi was a senior auditor with bdo seidman , a national cpa firm . mr . muzi received his bs degree from rochester institute of technology and an mba from the state university of new york at buffalo . he is a certified public accountant .  board of directors member  dr . sandeep gulati  dr . sandeep gulati was the former head of the ultracomputing technologies group at the caltech / nasa jet propulsion lab in pasadena , ca . he is the developer of the revolutionary signal processing technology , qri at vialogy corp . which was incubated by viaspace .  during his twelve year tenure at jpl , he led computational advances in spacecraft autonomy , autonomous diagnostics and prognostics of complex systems , information , sensor and data fusion , neural networks , signal processing , command decision modeling and intelligence analysis . under his leadership the ultracomputing technologies group focused on cutting - edge research in ultrascale computational technologies , such as quantum computing , biocomputing , and their applications to next generation spacecraft design and operations .  dr . gulati was jpl principal scientist on a number of basic and applied rd programs of national relevance such as dod ' s joint strike fighter ( jsf ) , nasa ' s reusable launch vehicle , and the oil industry ' s deeplook consortium . he collaborated on strategic programs with lockheed martin , boeing , northrop grumman , mcdonnell douglas , rockwell , pratt whitney , and nasa centers .  also , dr . gulati is a co - founder and chief science officer of vialogy corp . , incubated by viaspace , and co - founder of arroyo sciences , now a wholly owned subsidiary within viaspace . at vialogy corp . dr . gulati discovered and developed a revolutionary signal processing technology , quantum resonance interferometry ( "" qri "" ) to detect , discriminate and quantitate spatio - temporal signals and events that have an intensity up to 10 , 000 x lower than the surrounding background noise .  dr . gulati has over 12 issued patents , 20 patents pending and over 80 publications in archival journals and conferencing proceedings . he has an mba in from pepperdine university ( 91 ) , b . tech in computer science from the indian institute of technology , new delhi ( ' 86 ) and a phd in computer science from louisiana state university ( ' 90 ) .  regarding the appointment , dr . kukkonen stated , "" dr . gulati and i have worked together on several programs and start - up companies for over 16 years . he is a valuable addition to our board of directors . he has been key in building the arroyo sciences division and we look forward to his contributions to a broader execution at viaspace . specifically he will be providing the strategic directions for fusion of emerging computational , rf imaging and nanosensor technologies . ""  viaspace overview  viaspace was formed in july 1998 with an objective of transforming technologies from caltech / nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory and other advanced technology centers into profitable commercial enterprises through its strong connections with the advanced technology community . through its three subsidiaries - - arroyo sciences , ionfinity , and direct methanol fuel cell corporation ( dmfcc ) - - viaspace has a diversified high tech portfolio that includes microelectronics , sensors , homeland security public safety , energy / - fuel cells , information computational technology , rfid , e - finance , and mobile e - commerce .  viaspace develops proven space and defense technologies into hardware and software products that fulfill high - growth market needs and solve today ' s complex problems .  viaspace benefits from important licenses and strategic relationships with caltech / nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory and other universities research laboratories . the viaspace team has a proven expertise for the successful commercialization of innovations in information technology , physical science and life sciences developed at academic research institutions and national laboratories .  the company currently focuses on technologies originally developed for nasa and the us department of defense that have already reached a certain stage of maturity . initial investments in these technologies amount to millions of dollars and many years of rd , enabling viaspace to manage the commercialization process with only a modest additional investment and greatly reduced technical risk .  viaspace couples exceptional technology sourcing and validation capability with a demand - driven process of market validation . decisions about technology transfer and product development are based , first and foremost , on market needs . in addition to our internal expertise , viaspace benefits from the domain expertise of leading experts that serve on our scientific and business advisory boards and from an informal global network of researchers , technology analysts , and technology professionals and investors that would be hard to replicate .  in the last six years , viaspace and its subsidiaries have secured more than $ 30 million in venture financing and strategic investment . initial investors include hewlett packard , divine interventures , los angeles county community development commission , blueprint ventures , the united company , bioprojects international , forrest binkley brown , american river ventures , and nth power .  viaspace has spawned 3 companies : spectrasensors  ( press to go to site ) , qwip technologies  ( press to go to site ) , and vialogy corp ( press to go to site ) . these companies , currently at various stages of maturity , are positioned within high growth markets and poised for profitability . today , viaspace focuses its effort on its three subsidiaries - - arroyo sciences , ionfinity , and direct methanol fuel cell corporation ( dmfcc ) - - and on new high technology opportunities . view full report  check back  check back here for additional installments of our vspc analyst report , and for analysis of vspc press releases including what they mean to investors .  view full report  view full report  to join market movers mailings press here to find out more .  2400 lincoln ave  altadena , ca 91001  safe harbor statement  this information is a paid advertisement . any views expressed herein are provided for information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer , an endorsement , or inducement to buy or sell securities . bronks communications , inc . ( bci ) received compensation for printing and distributing this ad from a third party as an effort to build investor awareness about viaspace inc . ( vspc ) . the compensation is one hundred thousand dollars . this compensation constitutes a conflict of interest as to bci ' s ability to remain objective in our communication regarding vspc . bci owns 1 , 000 shares of common stock in vspc . bci makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity , accuracy , completeness , or correct sequencing of the facts and information presented , nor does it represent or warrant that all material facts necessary to make an investment decision are presented above . factual statements contained in this ad are subject to change without notice . past performance does not guarantee future results . bci is not a registered investment advisor , broker or dealer . all statements of opinion , if any , are those of the analysts , who relied on information believed to be reliable , such as vspc ' s public filings , business documents , and its web sites . the analysts ' reports are for information purposes only . the analysts were contracted by bci to write their reports and were paid a total of fifteen thousand five hundred dollars . independent analyst reports in this ad do not constitute an individualized recommendation to you to buy or sell a particular security . any opinions , estimates , or forecasts about vspc or predicted performance made by the analysts in this ad are theirs alone and do not represent opinions , forecasts or predictions of bci . interested persons must obtain the analysts ' full reports on their own . the analysts ' reports do not purport to be complete and are not intended to be used as a primary basis for investment decisions . investing in vspc should be reviewed as speculative and a high risk and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in vspc . further specific financial information , filings , and disclosures , as well as general investor information about publicly traded companies are available at the securities and exchange commission website www . sec . gov and www . nasd . com . the information contained herein contains forward - looking information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1993 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected growth of the featured company . in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act , bci notes that statements contained herein that look forward in time ( ie : words like may , would , will , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend ) , which include everything other than historical information , involve risks and uncertainties that may affect vspc ' s actual results of operations . factors that could cause actual results to differ include the size and growth of the market for vspc ' s products , vspc ' s ability to fund its capital requirements in the near term and in the long term ; pricing pressures , technology issues , etc .  media matrix 7025 county rd . , 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,investment op proven nasa technology hey thought might like take look viaspace analyst research report profiling services ipodesktop com viaspace inc stock symbol vspc ob float mm est stock price common shares mm est recent price range equity market capitalization mm formerly global wide publication business disrupt displace fuel cell homeland security public safety markets vspc uses patented technology based hundreds man years space program efforts vspc licensed technology nurtured tested proven labs space nasa jpl caltech university southern california usc address lincoln avenue altadena california telephone fax ceo dr carl kukkonen web site press state jurisdiction incorporation organization nevada transfer agent nevada agency trust company investor contact e mail press email summary proprietary technology vspc driving growth large billion dollar new markets expected generate significant recurring income patented technology products gain competitive advantage strategic partners willing integrate vspc products worldwide basis future vspc cost effective growth based fabless business model perfected semiconductor industry example outsources wafer manufacturing far east strong management team strong management team important critical ingredient creating future shareholder value vspc strong management team see large rapidly growing markets general increase shareholder value company must participate rapidly growing markets try significant player targeted markets vspc expects dominate billion dollar markets exist today introducing believe technology innovations create expand markets breakthrough products vspc pipeline vpsc products process commercialization expected enable hours laptop computer usage three weeks cell phone operation using fuel cells gps free navigation especially places gps work top dod priority automated analysis air seaport cargo containers based x ray imaging homeland security identification narcotics chemicals biological weapons another total breakthrough nanotechnology based mass spectrometer portable carry suitcase size device processes identifies one molecule time miniaturization expected shoebox size compared stationary desk size provided today competitors significant recurring income fuel cell batteries five years annual revenue disposable fuel cartridges fuel cell powered portable electronic devices expected range billion low side billion high side market exist today vspc fuel cell cartridge business model similar well known razor razor blade model sell razor make much money recurring blade business fuel cell razor disposable fuel cartridge razor blade another analogy flashlight battery model imagine company primary intellectual property involved manufacturing flashlights would probably license technology major flashlight manufacturers return help dominating recurring flashlight battery business case vspc proprietary rights flashlight fuel cell intends sell flashlight battery specifically disposable fuel cartridges end user price vspc currently negotiating provide patented fuel cell technology major computer manufacturers return agreement use disposable fuel cartridges developed vspc manufacturing outsourced well known major plants far east intellectual property protected patents vspc fuel cell technology example protected issued pending patents strategic partners lend credibility create cost effective worldwide footprint emerging companies must partner branded global companies strong management teams significant resources vspc partnering major well known market leaders management resources global branding partners attracted vspc technology expect gain competitive advantage integrating patented proprietary technology obtained vspc example fuel cell business toshiba nec sanyo hitachi samsung unveiled prototype fuel cell powered products double operating time existing battery technology companies potential strategic partners vspc better work japanese manufacturers vspc opened tokyo office fabless business model enables cost effective growth fabless semiconductor chip companies design develop proprietary chips outsource manufacturing wafer plants far east well known fabless semiconductor companies ranked market capitalization include billion market cap broadcom brcm press view billion market cap marvell semiconductor mrvl press view billion market cap xilinx xlnx press view billion market cap altera altr press view billion market cap nvidia corp nvda press view billion market cap sandisk corp sndk press view billion market cap ati technologies atyt press view technologies products discussed future analyst report updates vspc expects use emerging computational rf imaging nanosensor technologies drive market growth enabling gps free navigation especially gps work top dod priority automated analysis air seaport cargo containers based x ray imaging homeland security applications identification narcotics chemicals biological weapons appropriate also provide updates projects currently review include water purification technology interactive radio management chief executive officer dr carl kukkonen ceo founding partner prior founding viaspace technologies llc dr kukkonen director center space microelectronics technology csmt manager supercomputing caltech nasa jet propulsion laboratory pasadena ca jpl dr kukkonen managed several technologies technical teams including technical foundation viaspace operating subsidiaries among major accomplishments dr kukkonen built center space microelectronics man operation annual budget nothing course year career jpl prior jpl experience dr kukkonen ford motor company ford leading expert hydrogen alternative automotive fuel also led team developed ford first turbocharged intercooled direct injection diesel engine dr kukkonen received bs physics university california davis earned ms ph physics cornell university post doctoral fellow purdue chief operating officer vice president business development j abdallat co founder viaspace mr abdallat along dr kukkonen co founded seven companies raised million venture strategic investment contracts mr abdallat co founder viaspace technologies llc previously hewlett packard company hp control data corporation cdc working business development marketing program capture led managed teams hp cdc capture large government contracts successfully many large complex deals government aerospace defense manufacturing sectors mr abdallat received master degree engineering university missouri bs university california berkeley chief financial officer secretary treasurer stephen muzi prior joining viaspace mr muzi corporate controller southwest water company nasdaq company revenues excess million position responsible sec reporting requirements well board director reporting managed line credit banking relationships risk management program internal audit program income tax requirements also made presentations investment brokers analysts behalf company focusing outlooks future past financial performance prior southwest water company mr muzi senior auditor bdo seidman national cpa firm mr muzi received bs degree rochester institute technology mba state university new york buffalo certified public accountant board directors member dr sandeep gulati dr sandeep gulati former head ultracomputing technologies group caltech nasa jet propulsion lab pasadena ca developer revolutionary signal processing technology qri vialogy corp incubated viaspace twelve year tenure jpl led computational advances spacecraft autonomy autonomous diagnostics prognostics complex systems information sensor data fusion neural networks signal processing command decision modeling intelligence analysis leadership ultracomputing technologies group focused cutting edge research ultrascale computational technologies quantum computing biocomputing applications next generation spacecraft design operations dr gulati jpl principal scientist number basic applied rd programs national relevance dod joint strike fighter jsf nasa reusable launch vehicle oil industry deeplook consortium collaborated strategic programs lockheed martin boeing northrop grumman mcdonnell douglas rockwell pratt whitney nasa centers also dr gulati co founder chief science officer vialogy corp incubated viaspace co founder arroyo sciences wholly owned subsidiary within viaspace vialogy corp dr gulati discovered developed revolutionary signal processing technology quantum resonance interferometry qri detect discriminate quantitate spatio temporal signals events intensity x lower surrounding background noise dr gulati issued patents patents pending publications archival journals conferencing proceedings mba pepperdine university b tech computer science indian institute technology new delhi phd computer science louisiana state university regarding appointment dr kukkonen stated dr gulati worked together several programs start companies years valuable addition board directors key building arroyo sciences division look forward contributions broader execution viaspace specifically providing strategic directions fusion emerging computational rf imaging nanosensor technologies viaspace overview viaspace formed july objective transforming technologies caltech nasa jet propulsion laboratory advanced technology centers profitable commercial enterprises strong connections advanced technology community three subsidiaries arroyo sciences ionfinity direct methanol fuel cell corporation dmfcc viaspace diversified high tech portfolio includes microelectronics sensors homeland security public safety energy fuel cells information computational technology rfid e finance mobile e commerce viaspace develops proven space defense technologies hardware software products fulfill high growth market needs solve today complex problems viaspace benefits important licenses strategic relationships caltech nasa jet propulsion laboratory universities research laboratories viaspace team proven expertise successful commercialization innovations information technology physical science life sciences developed academic research institutions national laboratories company currently focuses technologies originally developed nasa us department defense already reached certain stage maturity initial investments technologies amount millions dollars many years rd enabling viaspace manage commercialization process modest additional investment greatly reduced technical risk viaspace couples exceptional technology sourcing validation capability demand driven process market validation decisions technology transfer product development based first foremost market needs addition internal expertise viaspace benefits domain expertise leading experts serve scientific business advisory boards informal global network researchers technology analysts technology professionals investors would hard replicate last six years viaspace subsidiaries secured million venture financing strategic investment initial investors include hewlett packard divine interventures los angeles county community development commission blueprint ventures united company bioprojects international forrest binkley brown american river ventures nth power viaspace spawned companies spectrasensors press go site qwip technologies press go site vialogy corp press go site companies currently various stages maturity positioned within high growth markets poised profitability today viaspace focuses effort three subsidiaries arroyo sciences ionfinity direct methanol fuel cell corporation dmfcc new high technology opportunities view full report check back check back additional installments vspc analyst report analysis vspc press releases including mean investors view full report view full report join market movers mailings press find lincoln ave altadena ca safe harbor statement information paid advertisement views expressed herein provided information purposes construed offer endorsement inducement buy sell securities bronks communications inc bci received compensation printing distributing ad third party effort build investor awareness viaspace inc vspc compensation one hundred thousand dollars compensation constitutes conflict interest bci ability remain objective communication regarding vspc bci owns shares common stock vspc bci makes representation warranty relating validity accuracy completeness correct sequencing facts information presented represent warrant material facts necessary make investment decision presented factual statements contained ad subject change without notice past performance guarantee future results bci registered investment advisor broker dealer statements opinion analysts relied information believed reliable vspc public filings business documents web sites analysts reports information purposes analysts contracted bci write reports paid total fifteen thousand five hundred dollars independent analyst reports ad constitute individualized recommendation buy sell particular security opinions estimates forecasts vspc predicted performance made analysts ad alone represent opinions forecasts predictions bci interested persons must obtain analysts full reports analysts reports purport complete intended used primary basis investment decisions investing vspc reviewed speculative high risk may result loss investment made vspc specific financial information filings disclosures well general investor information publicly traded companies available securities exchange commission website www sec gov www nasd com information contained herein contains forward looking information within meaning section securities act section e securities exchange act including statements regarding expected growth featured company accordance safe harbor provisions private securities litigation reform act bci notes statements contained herein look forward time ie words like may would estimate anticipate believe intend include everything historical information involve risks uncertainties may affect vspc actual results operations factors could cause actual results differ include size growth market vspc products vspc ability fund capital requirements near term long term pricing pressures technology issues etc media matrix county rd dte lake mary fl e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: naturally irresistible your corporate identity  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your  company will automatically become a worid leader : it isquite ciear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,naturally irresistible corporate identity lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwheiming good catchy logo styllsh statlonery outstandlng webslte wili make task much easier promise ordered ioqo company automatically become worid leader isquite ciear without good products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: job description  good afternoon . here is the job description for the computational finance  students . we should have our preferred interview dates shortly . please let  us know if you have any questions , and have a happy thanksgiving .  - kevin kindall",0,job description good afternoon job description computational finance students preferred interview dates shortly please let us know questions happy thanksgiving kevin kindall
"Subject: re : developing my electricity model at enron  aziz ,  yes . if you are interested in joining us next summer as an intern ,  we would be very happy to have you .  please , send me your resume .  vince  aziz lookman on 12 / 06 / 2000 01 : 11 : 57 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : developing my electricity model at enron  dr . kaminski :  i am the phd student at the business school at carnegie mellon who is  interested in energy modeling . thanks once again for taking the time  to talk with me about my model for electricity during your recent  visit to carnegie mellon . during our conversation , you had mentioned  the possibility of my coming out to enron to work on developing my  model , possibly through an internship . is this still an option ? if so ,  could you please advise me how to proceed .  sincerely ,  aziz a . lookman",0,developing electricity model enron aziz yes interested joining us next summer intern would happy please send resume vince aziz lookman pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject developing electricity model enron dr kaminski phd student business school carnegie mellon interested energy modeling thanks taking time talk model electricity recent visit carnegie mellon conversation mentioned possibility coming enron work developing model possibly internship still option could please advise proceed sincerely aziz lookman
"Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) .  your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation  is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com  and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin  providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms  completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please contact the pep help desk at :  houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4  london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4  email : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a  status of "" open . "" once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request  for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list .  review group : enron  feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  andrews , naveen c rudi c zipter oct 31 , 2000  baxter , ashley david davies nov 02 , 2000  campos , hector o peyton s gibner nov 06 , 2000  carson , richard l richard b buy oct 30 , 2000  crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct 26 , 2000  gandy , kristin h celeste c roberts nov 01 , 2000  gorny , vladimir theodore r murphy ii nov 02 , 2000  hewitt , kirstee l steven leppard nov 06 , 2000  kindall , kevin vasant shanbhogue oct 30 , 2000  leppard , steven dale surbey nov 06 , 2000  patrick , christie a steven j kean nov 09 , 2000  pham , bich anh t sarah brown nov 06 , 2000  raymond , maureen j wincenty j kaminski nov 02 , 2000  rosen , michael b christie a patrick nov 06 , 2000  sun , li kevin kindall nov 09 , 2000  supatgiat , chonawee peyton s gibner oct 27 , 2000  tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000  tawney , mark r jeffrey a shankman oct 26 , 2000  thuraisingham , ravi paul h racicot jr nov 12 , 2000  williams , matthew steven leppard nov 08 , 2000  yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000  yuan , ding richard l carson oct 31 , 2000",0,year end performance feedback note receive message time selected reviewer selected participate year end performance management process providing meaningful feedback specific employee feedback plays important role process participation critical success enron performance management goals complete requests feedback access pep http pep corp enron com select perform review performance review services may begin providing feedback immediately requested feedback forms completed friday november questions regarding pep responsibility process please contact pep help desk houston option london option email perfmgmt enron com thank participation important process following cumulative list employee feedback requests status open submitted declined employee request feedback name longer appear list review group enron feedback due date nov employee name supervisor name date selected andrews naveen c rudi c zipter oct baxter ashley david davies nov campos hector peyton gibner nov carson richard l richard b buy oct crenshaw shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct gandy kristin h celeste c roberts nov gorny vladimir theodore r murphy ii nov hewitt kirstee l steven leppard nov kindall kevin vasant shanbhogue oct leppard steven dale surbey nov patrick christie steven j kean nov pham bich anh sarah brown nov raymond maureen j wincenty j kaminski nov rosen michael b christie patrick nov sun li kevin kindall nov supatgiat chonawee peyton gibner oct tamarchenko tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct tawney mark r jeffrey shankman oct thuraisingham ravi paul h racicot jr nov williams matthew steven leppard nov yaman sevil vasant shanbhogue oct yuan ding richard l carson oct
"Subject: the garp 2001 convention  dear mr kaminski  ?  please find attached important information concerning the garp 2001  convention , which will be held in new york between 13 th and 14 th february ,  2001 .  ?  please respond by the 6 th september so that all your details are correctly  put into the brochure and our web site . should you have any queries please  do not hesitate to contact me .  ?  i look forward to working with you and to seeing you in new york in february .  ?  kind regards  ?  andreas  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  andreas simou  garp 2001 - conference producer  tel ? + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301  fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900  - kaminski . doc",0,garp convention dear mr kaminski please find attached important information concerning garp convention held new york th th february please respond th september details correctly put brochure web site queries please hesitate contact look forward working seeing new york february kind regards andreas andreas simou garp conference producer tel fax kaminski doc
"Subject: re : greetings from garp  frank ,  looks good .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : frank hayden @ enron 12 / 12 / 2000 11 : 31 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : greetings from garp  vince , this is the announcement i ' m thinking about sending out . is there  anything else you would like to add ?  frank  greetings from garp ! we are having the next meeting january 30 th at enron .  time 6 : 30 pm until 8 : 30 pm  vince kaminski will lead a discussion regarding volatility in the energy  markets .  please rsvp to rita hennessy . her email address is rita . hennessy @ enron . com",0,greetings garp frank looks good vince enron north america corp frank hayden enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject greetings garp vince announcement thinking sending anything else would like add frank greetings garp next meeting january th enron time pm pm vince kaminski lead discussion regarding volatility energy markets please rsvp rita hennessy email address rita hennessy enron com
"Subject: prof . carmona  yannis ,  i have looked at the outline of the proposed course and  find that practically all the topics of the program are the  staple of what we do every day . i don ' t think research should spend  money for this class .  if we want to establish a relationship , we can easily do it  by asking him to work on a research project .  vince",0,prof carmona yannis looked outline proposed course find practically topics program staple every day think research spend money class want establish relationship easily asking work research project vince
Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 tfn 5 w  order for : jason sokolov  1 x ( standard eol desktop $ 1210 ) enron it purchasing,0,confirmation order automatic confirmation order placed using central request number ecth tfn w order jason sokolov x standard eol desktop enron purchasing
"Subject: use this handy interest calculator to get current rate information . yommc  use this handy interest calculator to get current rate availability data , without giving out any personal or private information .  this was sent to you by an mediagroup for smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact sm - usa at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to exclude yourself from future sm - usa items please use this to go to the website and then use the choice at the bottom of the page .  wwcidawgmcln",1,use handy interest calculator get current rate information yommc use handy interest calculator get current rate availability data without giving personal private information sent mediagroup smartmortgageusa questions may contact sm usa offer attn smartmortgageusa p box san francisco ca wish exclude future sm usa items please use go website use choice bottom page wwcidawgmcln
"Subject: re :  tani ,  yes , i am aware of it .  thanks for letting me know who  is the hr rep in london .  vince  tani nath  05 / 02 / 2001 09 : 01 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  subject :  vince ,  i don ' t know if you are already aware of this , but maureen raymond has been  taken ill and i understand has received medical advice that she should not  travel before the end of next week at the earliest .  tara is the appropriate hr representative in london ; i will ask her to keep  both you and houston hr informed of the situation .  many thanks , tani",0,tani yes aware thanks letting know hr rep london vince tani nath vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc tara rozen lon ect ect subject vince know already aware maureen raymond taken ill understand received medical advice travel end next week earliest tara appropriate hr representative london ask keep houston hr informed situation many thanks tani
"Subject: harvard research visit  harvard business school is doing a 5 - year business case study on enron .  below is the information that i have regarding their visit . the name of  the case study is modern giants ( attached below )  ( they are interested in developing a clearer picture of the architecture and  design of enron  , s organization , products , and services - - how the company and  its key businesses have been put together and how they work on a daily ,  quarterly , and annual basis . )  mm  x 31641  - - - - - forwarded by melinda mccarty / corp / enron on 01 / 26 / 2001 01 : 40 pm - - - - -  1 . an overview of the modern giants research project  2 . descriptions of three broad areas of research interest ( business and  organizational design , new business creation , and capital investment  decision making ) together with the associated interview questions .  we fully understand that these interview questions are far too  encompassing , and that there ' s no way we could get through all of them in a  single , one - hour meeting . what we plan to do is "" specialize "" the interviews  by the background and expertise of participants . in some cases , we will  focus only on new business creation ; in others , we will focus primarily on  the allocation of capital ; in others we will focus on the basic economic  model that underlies the trading or energy services business . future visits  may focus on the remaining , unanswered questions , or on other areas of  interest of our faculty colleagues . these questions should therefore be  regarded more as a set of interests , rather than a strict protocol that we  will strive to complete from beginning to end .  hope this provides the necessary background for the trip .  - research initiative on modern giants . doc  - bower . doc  - levesque . doc  - roberto . doc  - busorgdes . doc  - newbuscrea . doc  - capital investment . doc  - garvin 4 . doc",0,harvard research visit harvard business school year business case study enron information regarding visit name case study modern giants attached interested developing clearer picture architecture design enron organization products services company key businesses put together work daily quarterly annual basis mm x forwarded melinda mccarty corp enron pm overview modern giants research project descriptions three broad areas research interest business organizational design new business creation capital investment decision making together associated interview questions fully understand interview questions far encompassing way could get single one hour meeting plan specialize interviews background expertise participants cases focus new business creation others focus primarily allocation capital others focus basic economic model underlies trading energy services business future visits may focus remaining unanswered questions areas interest faculty colleagues questions therefore regarded set interests rather strict protocol strive complete beginning end hope provides necessary background trip research initiative modern giants doc bower doc levesque doc roberto doc busorgdes doc newbuscrea doc capital investment doc garvin doc
Subject: re : digitals  many thanks .  gillian .,0,digitals many thanks gillian
"Subject: miscellaneous items  good morning tom :  please furnish the following information to me for the research directory :  name : tom halliburton  title :  location : ebl 957  phone # : 5 - 8539  home address :  home telephone :  wife ' s name :  your birthday :  also for your information , there will be a research group staff meeting  every thursday from 11 : 30 am to 1 : 00 pm in eb 30 cl . lunch will be  provided .  please let me know what kind of sandwich or salad you would like and  what you would like to drink .  thanks !  shirley  3 - 5290",0,miscellaneous items good morning tom please furnish following information research directory name tom halliburton title location ebl phone home address home telephone wife name birthday also information research group staff meeting every thursday pm eb cl lunch provided please let know kind sandwich salad would like would like drink thanks shirley
"Subject: re : managing energy price risk  let me think about a similar publication . zimin , any ideas ?  vince  gopalakrishnan subramaniam @ enron _ development  03 / 06 / 2000 04 : 34 am  sent by : subramaniam gopalakrishnan @ enron _ development  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : managing energy price risk  thanx a million . the book is just superb . would there be any similar  literature on the interest rate front ? ?  regards  g . subbu",0,managing energy price risk let think similar publication zimin ideas vince gopalakrishnan subramaniam enron development sent subramaniam gopalakrishnan enron development vince j kaminski ect cc subject managing energy price risk thanx million book superb would similar literature interest rate front regards g subbu
"Subject: fw : luncheon meeting : asap  dear mr . kaminski :  just to bring you up to date . i am no longer with american general . i shall ,  therefore , appreciate an opportunity to meet with you for lunch at the  earliest possible time . i can be reached at 713 - 722 - 7199 .  thank you .  maruti more  713 - 722 - 7199  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : more  to : vince j kaminski  date : friday , december 17 , 1999 8 : 55 pm  subject : re : luncheon meeting  thank you for your response . i was very happy to hear from you .  i am also taking next week off and will be back to work on december 27 th .  please do call me when you get back . would very much appreciate the  opportunity to have a quick lunch with you , if possible . hope everything is  going well .  have wonderful christmas holidays .  regards  maruti more  713 - 831 - 6209 ( o )  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : more  cc : vince j kaminski  date : friday , december 17 , 1999 3 : 35 pm  subject : re : luncheon meeting  hello ,  i shall be taking a few days off around xmas . i shall call you at the end  of  december  when i get back to the office .  with best holiday wishes ,  vince  "" more "" on 12 / 01 / 99 09 : 28 : 09 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : luncheon meeting  dear mr . kaminski :  how are you doing ? i want to find out if we can meet again for a quick  lunch .  you might know that in maharashtra , india there is now a new chief  minister  ( ceo of the state government ) . i am proud to say that he and i are from  the same  town , latur .  i would really enjoy talking with you again , at your convenience .  i will call you tomorrow to follow up .  thank you .  sincerely ,  maruti more  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to : more  cc : vince j kaminski ; vkaminski @ aol . com  date : thursday , july 01 , 1999 6 : 16 am  subject : re : luncheon meeting  dear mr . more ,  let ' s meet at 11 : 45 in the lobby of the enron building .  we can walk to one of the restaurants in the downtown area .  vince kaminski  ( embedded enron capital & trade resources corp .  image moved  to file : from : "" more ""  picl 7002 . pcx ) 06 / 30 / 99 10 : 38 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect  cc :  subject : luncheon meeting  dear mr . kaminski :  i am looking forward to our luncheon meeting on this friday , july 2 ,  1999  at  11 : 30 am . please let me know where we should meet . thank you for  taking time  out  from your busy schedule .  sincerely ,  maruti more  tel . : 713 - 831 - 6209  - attl . htm",0,fw luncheon meeting asap dear mr kaminski bring date longer american general shall therefore appreciate opportunity meet lunch earliest possible time reached thank maruti original message vince j kaminski date friday december pm subject luncheon meeting thank response happy hear also taking next week back work december th please call get back would much appreciate opportunity quick lunch possible hope everything going well wonderful christmas holidays regards maruti original message vince j kaminski cc vince j kaminski date friday december pm subject luncheon meeting hello shall taking days around xmas shall call end december get back office best holiday wishes vince pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject luncheon meeting dear mr kaminski want find meet quick lunch might know maharashtra india new chief minister ceo state government proud say town latur would really enjoy talking convenience call tomorrow follow thank sincerely maruti original message vince j kaminski cc vince j kaminski vkaminski aol com date thursday july subject luncheon meeting dear mr let meet lobby enron building walk one restaurants downtown area vince kaminski embedded enron capital trade resources corp image moved file picl pcx pm vince j kaminski hou ect cc subject luncheon meeting dear mr kaminski looking forward luncheon meeting friday july please let know meet thank taking time busy schedule sincerely maruti tel attl htm
"Subject: maureen raymond has completed derivatives i - applied energy  derivatives  thank you for supporting maureen raymond in attending derivatives i - applied  energy derivatives on august 8 - 9 , 2000 .  $ 800 has been charged to your company and rc . if you have any questions ,  please call the development center team at 713 - 853 - 0357 .",0,maureen raymond completed derivatives applied energy derivatives thank supporting maureen raymond attending derivatives applied energy derivatives august charged company rc questions please call development center team
"Subject: software cds $ 15 and $ 99 get al software in 1 cd  the no . 1 source for software superstore .  all slang is a metaphor , and all metaphor is poetry .  the first thing you lose on a diet is brain mass .",1,software cds get al software cd source software superstore slang metaphor metaphor poetry first thing lose diet brain mass
"Subject: refinance or mortgagefkzqeljhyno  what a loan from lenderscan do for you : rates have never been lower ! ! lowest rates - best possible termsdebt this . . . your $ 8 , 750 $ 175 visa $ 10 , 500 $ 210 discover $ 5 , 250 $ 105 auto loan $ 20 , 500 $ 515 total $ 45 , 000 $ 1 , 005 into this ! ! ! $ 45 , 000 $ 390 . 06 annual savings : $ 7 , 379 . 005 - year savings : $ 36 , 896 . 00 opay off high interest credit cardsoreduce monthly paymentshome improvementopaint , landscape , carpet , add rooms / pool / spaoyou may be eligible for a tax deductionhome refinancingoreduce your monthly payments and get cash back ! oget up to 125 % of your homes value ( ratios vary by  state ) . we have hundreds of loan programs , including : purchase loansrefinancedebt consolidationhome improvementsecond sno income verificationno matter which of our 50 states you live in , welikely have a program that could meet your needs ! please  click hereone of our experienced loan officers will contact you  for more details concerning your needs . want to be purged ? just go hereand we will promptly extract you . copyright dti inc .",1,refinance mortgagefkzqeljhyno loan lenderscan rates never lower lowest rates best possible termsdebt visa discover auto loan total annual savings year savings opay high interest credit cardsoreduce monthly paymentshome improvementopaint landscape carpet add rooms pool spaoyou may eligible tax deductionhome refinancingoreduce monthly payments get cash back oget homes value ratios vary state hundreds loan programs including purchase loansrefinancedebt consolidationhome improvementsecond sno income verificationno matter states live welikely program could meet needs please click hereone experienced loan officers contact details concerning needs want purged go hereand promptly extract copyright dti inc
"Subject: dear mr . kaminski ,  it was really a pleasure to meet you during  the risk event . i hope we ' ll have more chances to  talk in the future .  i will be glad to invite you when you will visit  california . my home number is ( 408 ) - 996 - 2631 .  sincerely ,  alex ulitsky .  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  alex ulitsky , ph . d .  alex @ eplanning . com  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =",0,dear mr kaminski really pleasure meet risk event hope chances talk future glad invite visit california home number sincerely alex ulitsky alex ulitsky ph alex eplanning com
"Subject: re : congratulations  and to yourself - extra well deserved .  see you soon .  b .  vince j kaminski  11 / 01 / 2000 16 : 04  to : barry pearce / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : congratulations  barry ,  congratulations . well deserved .  vince",0,congratulations extra well deserved see soon b vince j kaminski barry pearce lon ect ect cc subject congratulations barry congratulations well deserved vince
"Subject: videoconferences w / enron  team and host :  i have set up the following dates / times for videoconferences .  unfortunately , 4 : 00 - 6 : 00 was not available , so i arranged for 4 : 30 - 6 : 30 pm on  the following dates . i hope this does not cause anyone inconvenience , but i  took time and space that was available .  note : i did not schedule during interview week , finals week or spring  break .  1 / 25 shdh 1203  2 / 1 shdh 1203  2 / 15 shdh 1203  3 / 1 shdh 215  3 / 22 shdh 215  3 / 29 shdh 215  any questions , please contact the fap office .  donna piazze  program director  field application project  the wharton school  univ . of pennsylvania  215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727  fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu  piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu",0,videoconferences w enron team host set following dates times videoconferences unfortunately available arranged pm following dates hope cause anyone inconvenience took time space available note schedule interview week finals week spring break shdh shdh shdh shdh shdh shdh questions please contact fap office donna piazze program director field application project wharton school univ pennsylvania fax fap management wharton upenn edu piazze wharton upenn edu
"Subject: re : videoconferences w / enron  melinda ,  thanks .  vince  melinda mccarty @ enron  01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 02 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : videoconferences w / enron  i have reserved 32 c 2 video conference room - 3 : 30 - 5 : 30 for tomorrow  ( thursday , january 25 )  let me know if you need anything else  melinda  x 31641  vince j kaminski @ ect  01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 37 am  to : melinda mccarty / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : videoconferences w / enron  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001  09 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  fap on 01 / 23 / 2001 11 : 21 : 10 am  to : clay degiacinto , deepa mallik  , dennis feerick  , edson otani  , gustavo palazzi ,  "" heather n . thorne ( e - mail ) "" , jack rejtman  , jaideep singh  , jason cummins  , joshua leventhal  , kim whitsel ,  "" louis a thomas ( e - mail ) "" , murat camoglu  , nick levitt  , omar bassel  , pat henahan , ram  vittal , steve lessar  , tulika bhalla  , vincent chen  cc : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' "" , "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' ""  , fap  subject : videoconferences w / enron  team and host :  i have set up the following dates / times for videoconferences .  unfortunately , 4 : 00 - 6 : 00 was not available , so i arranged for 4 : 30 - 6 : 30 pm on  the following dates . i hope this does not cause anyone inconvenience , but i  took time and space that was available .  note : i did not schedule during interview week , finals week or spring  break .  1 / 25 shdh 1203  2 / 1 shdh 1203  2 / 15 shdh 1203  3 / 1 shdh 215  3 / 22 shdh 215  3 / 29 shdh 215  any questions , please contact the fap office .  donna piazze  program director  field application project  the wharton school  univ . of pennsylvania  215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727  fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu  piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu",0,videoconferences w enron melinda thanks vince melinda mccarty enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect christie patrick cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject videoconferences w enron reserved c video conference room tomorrow thursday january let know need anything else melinda x vince j kaminski ect melinda mccarty corp enron enron cc subject videoconferences w enron fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect fap clay degiacinto deepa mallik dennis feerick edson otani gustavo palazzi heather n thorne e mail jack rejtman jaideep singh jason cummins joshua leventhal kim whitsel louis thomas e mail murat camoglu nick levitt omar bassel pat henahan ram vittal steve lessar tulika bhalla vincent chen cc vkamins enron com christie patrick enron com fap subject videoconferences w enron team host set following dates times videoconferences unfortunately available arranged pm following dates hope cause anyone inconvenience took time space available note schedule interview week finals week spring break shdh shdh shdh shdh shdh shdh questions please contact fap office donna piazze program director field application project wharton school univ pennsylvania fax fap management wharton upenn edu piazze wharton upenn edu
"Subject: re : seeking opportunity in computational finance  dear vince :  thanks for your response .  i am not a programmer , nor a "" quant "" . i am an expert in excel and otherwise  have advanced skills in the remaining msoffice suite . beyond that i have  extensive experience working with research and computer progamming personnel  on projects from networks to databases , and in particular , automation .  for instance , the first generation of the risk analytics system that i  designed for quantlab was done in excel . in subsequent generations of the  system , excel served only as the gui - given its extreme flexibility - and a  sql database operated underneath ( compaq servers , raid array ) , integrating  real - time operations for all components of the system .  the research team at quantlab used many leading edge modelling  methodologies , such as genetic algorithms , neural networks , principal  component analysis , kernel density estimation , fast kernel regression ,  hidden markov modelling and many other pattern recognition , walk - forward  back testing , and other simulation techniques .  i was the sole individual on a team of 17 that had any practical trading  experience , and therefore , felt that i played a critical role in the  application and implementation of each of the system components from data  mining to research to signal generation to execution . beyond that , i was  uniquely qualified to articulate the project ' s mission to investors , and  therefore , was highly successful in spearheading support - financial and  otherwise - from our network .  althought i did not ask specifically , i surmise from your question that you  are leading a research effort . i believe that my skill set is best served  as a liaison between research and trading , since i speak both languages . i  believe that i possess great vision and enthusiasim that could be leveraged  in a group , project or product management role to integrate and streamline  diverse systems and processes ; a common scenario in most proprietary  development settings today .  in closing , i would like to learn more about enron and the financial  technology effort therein through further discussion with you , or if that is  not appropriate , someone to whom you would be comfortable referring me .  i look forward to your thoughts .  best regards ,  paul  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , november 14 , 2000 4 : 30 pm  to : epr @ pipeline . com  subject : re : seeking opportunity in computational finance  paul ,  can you give me more information about your computer skills ?  my group is very hands - on oriented and computer programming is a critical  skill .  vince  "" paul rowady "" on 11 / 14 / 2000 04 : 09 : 43 pm  to : "" vince kaminski ""  cc :  subject : seeking opportunity in computational finance  dear vince :  in following up on my voicemail message today , i attach my resume below for  your review and consideration .  it ' s ironic that you called while i was putting the message together . i  will keep it short and look forward to speaking to you at your convenience .  best regards ,  paul  e . paul rowady , jr .  2300 west alabama , suite 69  houston , texas 77098  713 - 807 - 8624 home / fax  713 - 539 - 4541 mobile  epr @ pipeline . com  ( see attached file : paul rowady 2 . doc )",0,seeking opportunity computational finance dear vince thanks response programmer quant expert excel otherwise advanced skills remaining msoffice suite beyond extensive experience working research computer progamming personnel projects networks databases particular automation instance first generation risk analytics system designed quantlab done excel subsequent generations system excel served gui given extreme flexibility sql database operated underneath compaq servers raid array integrating real time operations components system research team quantlab used many leading edge modelling methodologies genetic algorithms neural networks principal component analysis kernel density estimation fast kernel regression hidden markov modelling many pattern recognition walk forward back testing simulation techniques sole individual team practical trading experience therefore felt played critical role application implementation system components data mining research signal generation execution beyond uniquely qualified articulate project mission investors therefore highly successful spearheading support financial otherwise network althought ask specifically surmise question leading research effort believe skill set best served liaison research trading since speak languages believe possess great vision enthusiasim could leveraged group project product management role integrate streamline diverse systems processes common scenario proprietary development settings today closing would like learn enron financial technology effort therein discussion appropriate someone would comfortable referring look forward thoughts best regards paul original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent tuesday november pm epr pipeline com subject seeking opportunity computational finance paul give information computer skills group hands oriented computer programming critical skill vince paul rowady pm vince kaminski cc subject seeking opportunity computational finance dear vince following voicemail message today attach resume review consideration ironic called putting message together keep short look forward speaking convenience best regards paul e paul rowady jr west alabama suite houston texas home fax mobile epr pipeline com see attached file paul rowady doc
"Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  online otherwise it wiil be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where peopie search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in multiple search engines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  beatrizbass _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,know get search engine results submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website online otherwise wiil invisibie virtuaiiy means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues oniy way make site visible places peopie search information e submit website multiple search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards beatrizbass interested
"Subject: re : clustering for power  tanya ,  as we discussed in the last meeting , to simulate secondary power curve we need correlated jump sizes . this is totally different from the current secondary price curve simulation which assume the perfect correlation and also totally different from the secondary gas basis curve simulation which is based on the hedging ratio .  there are two more issues on my side i need to resolve :  1 . i want resolve the power basis curve issue . currently all power position on these basis curve are actually price positions . we are hard coding this : if power basis we add basis to corresponding region curve . i am trying to remove this hard coding by asking loading the price curve for all these basis locations .  2 . same is true for all those power f curves . these curves looks similar to those basis curves . currently we just directly map these f curves to the corresponding region curves . i would also prefer to load the price curves instead of the price differences .  from research , i need those jump size correlations .  clearly , all these involve many new development , unless we want to use simpler way to simulate secondary power curves .  regards ,  winston  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : tamarchenko , tanya  sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 9 : 17 am  to : lew , jaesoo  cc : gorny , vladimir ; jia , winston ; kaminski , vince  subject : re : clustering for power  jaesoo ,  as we discussed last week on wednesday meeting can you , please ,  implement clustering for power curves by geographical region . this involves the following :  1 . deciding together with risk control how many geographical regions we want to use  and which enron ' s curves belong to each region .  2 . deciding together with risk control how to choose core curves for each region . this decision can  be maid based on the a ) position size ; b ) statistical analysis . there might be other considerations .  3 . doing regression analysis for each curve versus the corresponding core curve .  winston ,  can is it possible to run var for the clustering results obtained by jaesoo with clustering done by sas ?  should we wait for the stage re - fresh and what is the status on this ?  tanya .",0,clustering power tanya discussed last meeting simulate secondary power curve need correlated jump sizes totally different current secondary price curve simulation assume perfect correlation also totally different secondary gas basis curve simulation based hedging ratio two issues side need resolve want resolve power basis curve issue currently power position basis curve actually price positions hard coding power basis add basis corresponding region curve trying remove hard coding asking loading price curve basis locations true power f curves curves looks similar basis curves currently directly map f curves corresponding region curves would also prefer load price curves instead price differences research need jump size correlations clearly involve many new development unless want use simpler way simulate secondary power curves regards winston original message tamarchenko tanya sent monday april lew jaesoo cc gorny vladimir jia winston kaminski vince subject clustering power jaesoo discussed last week wednesday meeting please implement clustering power curves geographical region involves following deciding together risk control many geographical regions want use enron curves belong region deciding together risk control choose core curves region decision maid based position size b statistical analysis might considerations regression analysis curve versus corresponding core curve winston possible run var clustering results obtained jaesoo clustering done sas wait stage fresh status tanya
Subject: 2 missing from the mailing list  hingoran @ rice . edu  planck @ rice . edu,0,missing mailing list hingoran rice edu planck rice edu
"Subject: re : address  confirmed  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , june 02 , 2000 03 : 21 pm  to : deangelo , david j .  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : address  vincent kaminski  managing director  enron corp .  1400 smith street , room 1962  houston , tx 77251 - 1188  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com",0,address confirmed original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent friday june pm deangelo david j cc vince j kaminski enron com subject address vincent kaminski managing director enron corp smith street room houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: risk contact  steve ,  i talked to sh ? n about your paper .  please , feel free to contact her directly and discuss  the publication options .  vince  sh ? n millie  risk books  28 - 29 haymarket  london swly 4 rx  phone : 44 ( 0 ) 171 484 9740  fax : 44 ( 0 ) 171 484 9758  e - mail : shan @ risk . co . uk  www . riskpublications . com",0,risk contact steve talked sh n paper please feel free contact directly discuss publication options vince sh n millie risk books haymarket london swly rx phone fax e mail risk co uk www riskpublications com
"Subject: hello all  update :  preparations for the upcoming texas finance festival iii are about complete  and i just wanted to update you on the hotel reservations information . you  will need to make your reservation before march 20 to be assured of getting  a room in our reserved block . also , for "" counting "" purposes i need  everyone ' s registration form completed . many of you ( and a lot of new  faces ) have already sent them in but some may not have , so . . .  lots of fun stuff is planned so come prepared for a very relaxing and  productive weekend !  john  - announcerev . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,hello update preparations upcoming texas finance festival iii complete wanted update hotel reservations information need make reservation march assured getting room reserved block also counting purposes need everyone registration form completed many lot new faces already sent may lots fun stuff planned come prepared relaxing productive weekend john announcerev doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : presentation  will do - - thank you very much .  dawn  from : dawn scovill , event coordinator  designs event consulting  dawn @ perfectmeeting . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to :  cc : ; vince j kaminski  ;  sent : friday , march 17 , 2000 5 : 38 pm  subject : re : presentation  >  >  > david ,  >  > i am leaving for vacation this weekend and i haven ' t received the copy of  your  > presentation yet .  > the window during which i could make changes to my presentation is closing  very  > fast . let ' s  > do the following : i shall keep my presentation as is ( this means that i  shall  > use the copy of my  > presentation i sent to dawn scovill and you this week ) . if there is an  overlap  > between our presentations , so be it .  >  > dawn , please use the copy of my presentation i sent you earlier this week .  >  > vince  >  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000  04 : 33  > pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  >  >  > vince j kaminski  > 03 / 16 / 2000 08 : 02 am  >  > to : "" dawn scovill "" @ enron  > cc : sobotkad @ kochind . com , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  > subject : re : presentation ( document link : vince j kaminski )  >  > dawn ,  >  > i met david sobotka from koch this morning and we talked about  coordinating our  > presentations .  > this means there will be changes intended to avoid overlaps . sorry for  that . the  > portions of my presentation  > will survive ( those about valuation paradigms ) and i shall add a few more  pages  > on accounting treatment of weather derivatives  > plus more specific examples . david will cover primarily market evolution +  plus  > examples of some  > standard structures , and we shall both give more interesting examples of  > specific deals executed by our companies .  >  > i shall send you an updated version of my part next week . let me know what  the  > deadline is .  >  > vince  >  >  >  > "" dawn scovill "" on 03 / 14 / 2000 07 : 53 : 47 am  >  > to : "" vince j kaminski ""  > cc :  > subject : re : presentation  >  >  > thanks - - would you like me to include these in the conference book ? or do  > you anticipate changes ?  >  > dawn  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  > from : dawn scovill , conference coordinator  > "" powerful new ideas 2000 ""  > dawn @ perfectmeeting . com  >  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince j kaminski  > to :  > cc : shirley crenshaw ; vince j kaminski  > ; vince j kaminski  > sent : monday , march 13 , 2000 1 : 56 pm  > subject : presentation  >  >  > >  > >  > > dawn ,  > >  > > i am sending you an electronic version of my presentation .  > >  > > vince kaminski  > >  > > ( see attached file : fplo 400 . ppt )  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,presentation thank much dawn dawn scovill event coordinator designs event consulting dawn perfectmeeting com original message vince j kaminski cc vince j kaminski sent friday march pm subject presentation david leaving vacation weekend received copy presentation yet window could make changes presentation closing fast let following shall keep presentation means shall use copy presentation sent dawn scovill week overlap presentations dawn please use copy presentation sent earlier week vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski dawn scovill enron cc sobotkad kochind com vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject presentation document link vince j kaminski dawn met david sobotka koch morning talked coordinating presentations means changes intended avoid overlaps sorry portions presentation survive valuation paradigms shall add pages accounting treatment weather derivatives plus specific examples david cover primarily market evolution plus examples standard structures shall give interesting examples specific deals executed companies shall send updated version part next week let know deadline vince dawn scovill vince j kaminski cc subject presentation thanks would like include conference book anticipate changes dawn dawn scovill conference coordinator powerful new ideas dawn perfectmeeting com original message vince j kaminski cc shirley crenshaw vince j kaminski vince j kaminski sent monday march pm subject presentation dawn sending electronic version presentation vince kaminski see attached file fplo ppt
"Subject: sometimes , not always , i like the idea of a chick . . . with a horse . . .  freeky fucking shit !  this is the craziest this that i have ever seen ! !  you will not believe your eyes . . and best of all it is  free to join forever ! !  just go to the site and enter your email that is all ! hurry they will not be doing this forever ! ! !  very graphic material - mature audience only !  you must be at least 18 years old to enter !  this  email was sent to you because your email address is part of a targeted opt - in  list . you have received this email by either requesting more information on  one of our sites or someone may have used your email address . if you received  this email in error , please accept our apologies . if you do not wish to receive  further offers , please click below and enter your email to remove your email from  future offers .  click here to remove  anti - spam  policy disclaimer : under bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress ,  mail cannot be considered spam as long as we include contact information  and a remove link for removal from this mailing list . if this e - mail is unsolicited ,  please accept our apologies . per the proposed h . r . 3113 unsolicited commercial  electronic mail act of 2000 , further transmissions to you by the sender may  be stopped at no cost to you ! ",1,sometimes always like idea chick horse freeky fucking shit craziest ever seen believe eyes best free join forever go site enter email hurry forever graphic material mature audience must least years old enter email sent email address part targeted opt list received email either requesting information one sites someone may used email address received email error please accept apologies wish receive offers please click enter email remove email future offers click remove anti spam policy disclaimer bill title iii passed th u congress mail considered spam long include contact information remove link removal mailing list e mail unsolicited please accept apologies per proposed h r unsolicited commercial electronic mail act transmissions sender may stopped cost
"Subject: asking for advice regarding summer associate position at enron  gentlemen ,  here is a guy who is looking for a summer associate position . i looked at his  resume and think that he may be worth talking to .  pavel  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pavel zadorozhny / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2001  01 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  dmitri villevald on 01 / 03 / 2001  06 : 56 : 54 pm  to : "" pavel zadorozhny ( e - mail ) ""  cc :  subject : asking for advice regarding summer associate position at enron  dear mr . zadorozhny :  maxim philippov suggested that i write you . being a first - year mba student  at owen graduate school of management ( vanderbilt university ) with a finance  concentration , i am looking for a summer associate position at enron .  the area of my particular interest is enron ' s risk management products  ( commodity derivatives research and trading ) . graduating from novosibirsk  state university with major in physics , i am eager to apply my experience  with the use of theoretical and statistical physics techniques to the  managing of modeling processes and creating complex financial and trading  models . i strongly believe that my graduate education coupled with  undergraduate background in physics , solid work experience in finance and  proven entrepreneurial spirit will allow me to contribute to enron as a  summer associate .  i would really appreciate your advice regarding employment opportunities at  enron and would like to find out more about enron capital & trade resources  corp . i will call you within this week to follow up on my request .  thank you very much for your time .  sincerely ,  dmitri villevald  enclosure : resume  >  p . s . looking through an example of margin risk hedging at enron ' s web site ,  i think i found a small mistake there . url of this page is  ( producer  application )  the second sentence of the paragraph beginning with "" paradigm and enron  exchange . . . ""  states the following .  for example , if the actual margin is $ 1 . 25 / mmbtu for a given month , then  paradigm will pay enron $ 0 . 13 / mmbtu . alternatively , if the actual margin is  $ 2 . 00 / mmbtu , then enron will pay paradigm $ 0 . 62 / mmbtu .  i believe , if i am reading it correctly , the money should flow in the  opposite direction , namely :  for example , if the actual margin is $ 1 . 25 / mmbtu for a given month , then  enron will pay paradigm $ 0 . 13 / mmbtu . alternatively , if the actual margin is  $ 2 . 00 / mmbtu , then paradigm will pay enron $ 0 . 62 / mmbtu .  am i right ?  again , thank you very much for your time .  - resume . doc",0,asking advice regarding summer associate position enron gentlemen guy looking summer associate position looked resume think may worth talking pavel forwarded pavel zadorozhny hou ect pm dmitri villevald pm pavel zadorozhny e mail cc subject asking advice regarding summer associate position enron dear mr zadorozhny maxim philippov suggested write first year mba student owen graduate school management vanderbilt university finance concentration looking summer associate position enron area particular interest enron risk management products commodity derivatives research trading graduating novosibirsk state university major physics eager apply experience use theoretical statistical physics techniques managing modeling processes creating complex financial trading models strongly believe graduate education coupled undergraduate background physics solid work experience finance proven entrepreneurial spirit allow contribute enron summer associate would really appreciate advice regarding employment opportunities enron would like find enron capital trade resources corp call within week follow request thank much time sincerely dmitri villevald enclosure resume p looking example margin risk hedging enron web site think found small mistake url page producer application second sentence paragraph beginning paradigm enron exchange states following example actual margin mmbtu given month paradigm pay enron mmbtu alternatively actual margin mmbtu enron pay paradigm mmbtu believe reading correctly money flow opposite direction namely example actual margin mmbtu given month enron pay paradigm mmbtu alternatively actual margin mmbtu paradigm pay enron mmbtu right thank much time resume doc
Subject: fw :  i ' m unwell . in 1839 not at all soccerwe are here coca cola,1,fw unwell soccerwe coca cola
"Subject: re : dash request  david ,  thanks . i cc you on my message to john sherriff .  please , let me know what you think about my comments .  vince  david gorte  05 / 15 / 2000 10 : 58 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : dash request  vince ,  i ' ll send you the dash that was done previously for the used lng tanker , the  mystic lady ( now renamed as the hoegh galleon ) . the analysis used in this  transaction was not detailed due the short time - frame we had to analyze this  transaction as well as to enron ' s right to terminate this charter for  convenience .  we are presently working on the analysis for a second , new - build lng tanker .  when this analysis has progressed far enough that we have a draft dash , i  will forward it to you ( this may be later this week ) .  regards ,  dave",0,dash request david thanks cc message john sherriff please let know think comments vince david gorte vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject dash request vince send dash done previously used lng tanker mystic lady renamed hoegh galleon analysis used transaction detailed due short time frame analyze transaction well enron right terminate charter convenience presently working analysis second new build lng tanker analysis progressed far enough draft dash forward may later week regards dave
"Subject: karolyi dinner tonight  i ' m writing to confirm our dinner plans with andrew karolyi for this evening .  we have reservations for 7 pm at damian ' s , 3011 smith st . , 713 . 522 . 0439  dave  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  prof . david ikenberry  jones graduate school of management  rice university  713 - 348 - 5385",0,karolyi dinner tonight writing confirm dinner plans andrew karolyi evening reservations pm damian smith st dave prof david ikenberry jones graduate school management rice university
"Subject: free 1 week dvd downloads  we are happy to offer you . . . . all the dvd ' s you could ever watch for free . . .  what ever your pleasure we have it all . . .  take as many as you want and it costs you nothing . . . . check out the 1000 ' s of titles . . . .  dont know where to get your adult dvds ?  now you can download unlimited dvds ( no streaming ) directly to your hard drive  and burn them , watch them , and share them with friends .  make movies for the road , your home or even for parties .  cognizable everyman cranky legitimacy  wedge keenan keenan description  day keenan cognizable bellini  patient notate pow youth  thermionic zig autocratic crewmen  pickering streetcar componentry anselm  cadaver sciatica dunham hindmost  thanks but its not for me : - ) ",1,free week dvd downloads happy offer dvd could ever watch free ever pleasure take many want costs nothing check titles dont know get adult dvds download unlimited dvds streaming directly hard drive burn watch share friends make movies road home even parties cognizable everyman cranky legitimacy wedge keenan keenan description day keenan cognizable bellini patient notate pow youth thermionic zig autocratic crewmen pickering streetcar componentry anselm cadaver sciatica dunham hindmost thanks
"Subject: major stock play  amnis systems , inc . ( otcbb : amnm )  contract announcements and huge newsletter coverage this week =  for = 20  amnm ! ! !  this thursday amnm will be profiled by some major newsletters . =  = 20  there will be huge volume and a strong increase in price for severa =  l = 20  days . these are the same newsletters that profiled clks two w =  eeks = 20  ago . they brought clks from $ 1 . 50 to $ 4 . 35 in ten days . =  we = 20  know for certain that the same groups are going to profile amnm sta =  rting = 20  on thursday .  we are very proud that we can share this information with you =  so that = 20  you can make a profit out of it . it is highly advisable to ta =  ke a = 20  position in amnm as soon as possible , today before the market = 20  closes , or tomorrow .  the stock is trading near its 52 week low , and will start movi =  ng up = 20  immediately . we believe the stock could easiely reach $ 4 in l =  ess = 20  than a month .  good luck and watch amnm fly this week ! !  = 09  = 09  = 09  = 09  = 09  = 09  = 09  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ incredimail - email has finally =  = 20  evolved - click = 20  here ",1,major stock play amnis systems inc otcbb amnm contract announcements huge newsletter coverage week amnm thursday amnm profiled major newsletters huge volume strong increase price severa l days newsletters profiled clks two w eeks ago brought clks ten days know certain groups going profile amnm sta rting thursday proud share information make profit highly advisable ta ke position amnm soon possible today market closes tomorrow stock trading near week low start movi ng immediately believe stock could easiely reach l ess month good luck watch amnm fly week incredimail email finally evolved click
"Subject: wharton tm # 3 presentation  vince , scanned through . looks like a good start .  thanks  john henderson  - - - - - forwarded by john henderson / hou / newpower on 02 / 16 / 2001 03 : 32 pm - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  02 / 16 / 2001 09 : 56 am  to : john henderson / hou / ees @ ees  cc :  subject : wharton tm # 3 presentation  john ,  did you have a chance to take a look at his presentation ?  any comments ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001  09 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" cummins , marc "" on 02 / 15 / 2001 01 : 36 : 16 pm  to : "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' "" ,  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , melinda . mccarty @ enron . com , "" ' li . sun @ enron . com ' ""  , "" ' john . henderson @ newpower . com ' ""  cc : "" thorne , heather "" , "" degiacinto , clayton ""  , "" lessar , stephen "" ,  "" vittal , maheshram "" , "" bassal , omar ""  , "" feerick , dennis "" ,  "" cummins , marc "" , "" ' thomas @ wharton . upenn . edu ' ""  subject : wharton tm # 3 presentation  vince and christie ,  here are the read ahead slides for today ' s teleconference . also attached is  the first draft of our conjoint analysis survey . we ' ll see you this  afternoon .  > >  sincerely ,  team 3  - enron pres # 3 . ppt  - newpower conjoint . doc",0,wharton tm presentation vince scanned looks like good start thanks john henderson forwarded john henderson hou newpower pm vince j kaminski ect john henderson hou ees ees cc subject wharton tm presentation john chance take look presentation comments vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect cummins marc pm christie patrick enron com vince j kaminski enron com melinda mccarty enron com li sun enron com john henderson newpower com cc thorne heather degiacinto clayton lessar stephen vittal maheshram bassal omar feerick dennis cummins marc thomas wharton upenn edu subject wharton tm presentation vince christie read ahead slides today teleconference also attached first draft conjoint analysis survey see afternoon sincerely team enron pres ppt newpower conjoint doc
"Subject: cal berkeley recruiting  congratulations ! ! !  you have been nominated to join the cal berkeley campus team . beginning this  fall , enron will head to the university of california at berkeley for the  first time ! in addition to traditional analyst recruiting focusing on  finance , economics , and business majors , the analyst program will add a new  addition to it ' s rotational program - the global technology track . the  global technology track will provide a pipeline for mis , computer science and  engineering majors to join enron and rotate within enron net works and ebs  technology functions . therefore , we would like to create a recruiting team  that represents all aspects of enron including both it and business "" swat  teams "" to help attack campus during career fairs , presentations , dinners , and  other events searching for the ideal candidate .  in the next week you will receive an invitation to the cal berkeley planning  session and kickoff . at that time we will review strategies , profiles , and  events to ensure that enron is able to attract the top candidates ! please  make every effort to attend .  if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me at 3 - 3589 .  thanks ,  ashley baxter  global technology track  recruiter",0,cal berkeley recruiting congratulations nominated join cal berkeley campus team beginning fall enron head university california berkeley first time addition traditional analyst recruiting focusing finance economics business majors analyst program add new addition rotational program global technology track global technology track provide pipeline mis computer science engineering majors join enron rotate within enron net works ebs technology functions therefore would like create recruiting team represents aspects enron including business swat teams help attack campus career fairs presentations dinners events searching ideal candidate next week receive invitation cal berkeley planning session kickoff time review strategies profiles events ensure enron able attract top candidates please make every effort attend questions please hesitate contact thanks ashley baxter global technology track recruiter
"Subject: we dare you to find a better annuity  call today for more information !  - or -  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  * 5 . 40 % for deposits of $ 100 , 000 and up , 5 . 25 % interest for deposits totalling $ 25 , 000 - $ 99 , 999 .  we  don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not  wish to receive them . this is a professional communication  sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing  list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout  legal notice ",1,dare find better annuity call today information please fill form information name e mail phone city state deposits interest deposits totalling want anyone receive mailings wish receive professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insuranceiq com optout legal notice
"Subject: job posting  i am teaching a class at rice and one of my very bright students sent her  resume  in response to this posting . do you know who posted this job ?  vince kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001  05 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" helen demianenko "" on 04 / 24 / 2001 02 : 11 : 05 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : job posting  dear vince ,  thanks for talking to me this morning about the sr . risk analyst position .  here is where you can find the job description for that position :  also , i have cut and pasted it down below , just in case .  i appreciate your assistance in this matter and will start working on my  cover letter right away .  i would also like to talk to somebody to get a better feel for the position  ( is this really an mba level position and how much of the in - depth learning  opportunities for the derivatives market does it entail ? )  sincerely ,  helen demianenko  p . s . i have attached my resume ( one more time ) .  sr risk analyst  essential functions : primary accountability for managing the ets risk book  structure and processes from a pipeline ( front office ) perspective . work  within current nng and tw marketing organizations to effectively integrate  risk books into daily marketing and structured product activities . provide  feedback to management regarding overall and specific risk positions .  provide support for consistent and accurate deals entry / reporting for stand  alone risk management system . create ad - hoc reports to assist management in  risk analysis . responsible for managing and providing enhancements to the  capacity books : ? maintain functionality and provide leadership for new  functionality from a users perspective . provide support and direction for  integration of capacity books and revenue management project . support revenue  management team  essential requirements : ba / bs in finance or accounting ( mba preferred ) .  minimum of two years financial instruments experience . excellent  quantitative / analytic and systems skills . knowledge of commodity risk book  concepts . understanding of physical natural gas market , interstate  transportation and financial derivatives . ability to interface with  structuring / marketing groups in order to define business requirements .  ability to provide leadership for business and system processes . excellent  communication skills with an ability to communicate across organization with  varied skill sets and ideas . must be self - motivated with a high level of  energy  preferred skills : na .  special characteristics : this job functions in a team - oriented , fast - paced  environment with multiple concurrent assignments and constantly changing  priorities .  contact : responses will be accepted through may 3 , 2001 . respond to enron  corp . , human resources 235 , p o box 3330 , omaha , ne 68103 - 0330 or e - mail :  dea . crum @ enron . com as a . doc or . txt attachment . please include this  requisition number .  job id 0000108729  department risk management & reporti  company enron transportation services  enron transportation services  location houston , tx  type  posting date 19 - apr - 01  - helen _ d _ resume . doc",0,job posting teaching class rice one bright students sent resume response posting know posted job vince kaminski forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm helen demianenko pm please respond cc subject job posting dear vince thanks talking morning sr risk analyst position find job description position also cut pasted case appreciate assistance matter start working cover letter right away would also like talk somebody get better feel position really mba level position much depth learning opportunities derivatives market entail sincerely helen demianenko p attached resume one time sr risk analyst essential functions primary accountability managing ets risk book structure processes pipeline front office perspective work within current nng tw marketing organizations effectively integrate risk books daily marketing structured product activities provide feedback management regarding overall specific risk positions provide support consistent accurate deals entry reporting stand alone risk management system create ad hoc reports assist management risk analysis responsible managing providing enhancements capacity books maintain functionality provide leadership new functionality users perspective provide support direction integration capacity books revenue management project support revenue management team essential requirements ba bs finance accounting mba preferred minimum two years financial instruments experience excellent quantitative analytic systems skills knowledge commodity risk book concepts understanding physical natural gas market interstate transportation financial derivatives ability interface structuring marketing groups order define business requirements ability provide leadership business system processes excellent communication skills ability communicate across organization varied skill sets ideas must self motivated high level energy preferred skills na special characteristics job functions team oriented fast paced environment multiple concurrent assignments constantly changing priorities contact responses accepted may respond enron corp human resources p box omaha ne e mail dea crum enron com doc txt attachment please include requisition number job id department risk management reporti company enron transportation services enron transportation services location houston tx type posting date apr helen resume doc
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe goiive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corei painter lx  $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  terri ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishing software corei macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corei designer quickbooks professional edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe goiive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere eiements corei painter lx adobe iilustrator cs adobe indesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cool production studio alias motion builder professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely terri
"Subject: term paper  please respond to  vince ,  attached is our team ' s term paper in pdf format . please let us know if you still problem opening the file .  thank you very much .  best regards ,  winny so  rice university  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  mba candidate , class of 2001  2018 richland court  sugar land , tx 77478  home : ( 281 ) 265 - 3522  mobile : ( 281 ) 989 - 8417  e - mail : so @ rice . edu > http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ so /  - modeling project . pdf",0,term paper please respond vince attached team term paper pdf format please let us know still problem opening file thank much best regards winny rice university jesse h jones graduate school management mba candidate class richland court sugar land tx home mobile e mail rice edu http www ruf rice edu modeling project pdf
"Subject: re : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and  next steps  david ,  no problem . we shall send the required fire power .  the person who will attend is amitava dhar .  vince  p . s . amitava , please , take note .  david oxley  09 / 26 / 2000 11 : 38 am  to : andrea yowman / corp / enron @ enron , bob sparger / corp / enron @ enron , gerry  gibson / corp / enron @ enron , tim o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron , ted c  bland / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : daniel brown / na / enron @ enron , tana cashion / na / enron @ enron , rhonna  palmer / hou / ect @ ect , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron  subject : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next  steps  rhonna ,  please arrange a meeting later this week for all of those addressed by this  message ( vince , it would great if one of your team could attend since we will  need some heavy statistical and analytical help to complete this project ) .  the prupose of the meeting will be to discuss and delegate next steps  required to implement the hr associate groups recommendations for the  development of an hr "" value index "" at enron .  i would anticipate we will need approx 45 minutes .  david",0,mission impossible hr associate groups recommendation next steps david problem shall send required fire power person attend amitava dhar vince p amitava please take note david oxley andrea yowman corp enron enron bob sparger corp enron enron gerry gibson corp enron enron tim rourke corp enron enron ted c bland hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc daniel brown na enron enron tana cashion na enron enron rhonna palmer hou ect ect cindy olson corp enron enron subject mission impossible hr associate groups recommendation next steps rhonna please arrange meeting later week addressed message vince would great one team could attend since need heavy statistical analytical help complete project prupose meeting discuss delegate next steps required implement hr associate groups recommendations development hr value index enron would anticipate need approx minutes david
"Subject: term project :  this is the list of projects for the members of the "" quant "" team .  if you are working on different project , please , ignore this message .  please , develop in a spreadsheet solutions / examples for the following :  1 . black - scholes formula  2 . black ' s formula  3 . develop a spreadsheet to simulate price trajectory using :  a . gbm  b . gbm + jump ( formula 2 . 16 in the book , figure 2 . 7 )  c . mean reversion + jump ( formula 2 . 17 , figure 2 . 8 )  4 . schwartz single factor model ( formula 6 . 12 )  5 . develop models corresponding to the figures 7 . 1 , 7 . 3 , 7 . 5 , 7 . 6 , 7 . 8  vince",0,term project list projects members quant team working different project please ignore message please develop spreadsheet solutions examples following black scholes formula black formula develop spreadsheet simulate price trajectory using gbm b gbm jump formula book figure c mean reversion jump formula figure schwartz single factor model formula develop models corresponding figures vince
"Subject: re : vacation  shirley ,  no problem .  vince  shirley crenshaw  01 / 09 / 2001 10 : 24 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : vacation  vince :  if it is allright , i would like to take the following days as vacation days :  friday , january 12  friday , february 2  anita will be here .  thanks !  shirley",0,vacation shirley problem vince shirley crenshaw vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject vacation vince allright would like take following days vacation days friday january friday february anita thanks shirley
"Subject: re : your visit to enron  joe ,  fyi . please plan on attending . we should schedule a meeting with  mark and the rest of the weather team .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 06 / 2000  10 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" francis x . diebold "" on 11 / 04 / 2000 08 : 47 : 41 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : vince kaminski  subject : re : your visit to enron  shirley ,  the 21 st is perfect . i will go ahead and purchase my plane tickets . would  you  please make me a hotel reservation for the night of the 21 st ?  many thanks ,  frank diebold  shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote :  > good morning professor diebold :  >  > i am vince kaminski ' s assistant and he has forwarded your emails to me  > for scheduling purpose . unfortunately , we have a conflict on december  > 14 th . can you possibly come on the 21 st ?  >  > i hope you have not already made your reservations . if i can do anything  > to assist you , please let me know .  >  > best regards ,  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron research group  > 713 - 853 - 5290  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 03 / 2000  > 09 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  >  > vince j kaminski  > 11 / 02 / 2000 04 : 30 pm  >  > to : "" francis x . diebold "" @ enron  > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  > subject : re : visit ? ( document link : shirley crenshaw )  >  > frank ,  >  > dec 14 would be better for us . we have already scheduled  > an internal presentation on december 7 . please , go ahead and make a  > reservation .  > the best place to stay is hyatt regency downtown or doubletree downtown  > ( within a walking distance to enron ) . it is important to specify the  > downtown  > location for both hotels .  >  > vince  >  > "" francis x . diebold "" on 11 / 02 / 2000 03 : 00 : 49 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : visit ?  >  > sounds good , vince . how about dec 7 ? the roundtrip coach fare , regardless  > of  > airline , is about $ 1900 . i hope that won ' t break the bank . once i have  > your  > approval , i ' ll go ahead and book it . best , frank  >  > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > > frank ,  > >  > > yes , i would be very interested in meeting with you in houston in  > december .  > > the best day for visit would be thursday when my group has a lunch  > meeting  > > and you could meet the rest of the research unit .  > >  > > please , let me know what day would work for you . we shall be very glad to  > > cover the cost of your trip .  > >  > > vince  > >  > > i  > >  > > "" francis x . diebold "" on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 01 : 11 pm  > >  > > to : vince kaminski  > > cc :  > > subject : visit ?  > >  > > hi vince ,  > > are you still interested in my visiting for a day , perhaps in dec or  > > jan ? i have begun a project on unobserved - components modeling of  > > weather patterns , so it would be productive and fun to compare notes .  > > best ,  > > frank  > >  > > - -  > > francis x . diebold  > > wp carey professor  > >  > > department of economics  > > university of pennsylvania  > > 3718 locust walk  > > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  > >  > > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  > > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  > >  > > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  > > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax  >  > - -  > francis x . diebold  > wp carey professor  >  > department of economics  > university of pennsylvania  > 3718 locust walk  > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  >  > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  >  > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax  - -  francis x . diebold  wp carey professor  department of economics  university of pennsylvania  3718 locust walk  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax",0,visit enron joe fyi please plan attending schedule meeting mark rest weather team vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect francis x diebold shirley crenshaw enron com cc vince kaminski subject visit enron shirley st perfect go ahead purchase plane tickets would please make hotel reservation night st many thanks frank diebold shirley crenshaw enron com wrote good morning professor diebold vince kaminski assistant forwarded emails scheduling purpose unfortunately conflict december th possibly come st hope already made reservations anything assist please let know best regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski pm francis x diebold enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject visit document link shirley crenshaw frank dec would better us already scheduled internal presentation december please go ahead make reservation best place stay hyatt regency downtown doubletree downtown within walking distance enron important specify downtown location hotels vince francis x diebold pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject visit sounds good vince dec roundtrip coach fare regardless airline hope break bank approval go ahead book best frank vince j kaminski enron com wrote frank yes would interested meeting houston december best day visit would thursday group lunch meeting could meet rest research unit please let know day would work shall glad cover cost trip vince francis x diebold pm vince kaminski cc subject visit hi vince still interested visiting day perhaps dec jan begun project unobserved components modeling weather patterns would productive fun compare notes best frank francis x diebold wp carey professor department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax francis x diebold wp carey professor department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax francis x diebold wp carey professor department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax
"Subject: joao neves  dear vince :  ?  i am in a somewhat delicate position . one of the people in the group here  has asked me to introduce him to you . ? as an el paso vice president , i  should not have agreed to do this , and frankly , the guy should not have  asked . ? but he is clearly very unhappy at el paso , so , as a human being , i  felt it was appropriate . also , because this guy would have contacted you  anyway , with or without my introduction , as a professional courtesy , i would  like you to benefit from my experience with this fellow .  ?  the guy ' s name is joao neves ( portugese ) . ? i think he is reasonably bright  and seems to have a quite deep understanding of general finance and  financial mathematics . he is a manager and feels very frustrated because he  had hoped to be promoted to a position of authority . instead the group ' s  m . d . brought in two price - waterhouse - coopers consultants as v . p ' s to run the  structuring and quant sides of the group . in this respect , i can understand  his unhappiness . unfortunately for him , however , i also think it is in his  nature to whine . ? i have observed him to bad mouth lots of people starting  with the it guys ( ok , that ' s perhaps not much an indictment ! ) all the way to  dismissing broadie & glasserman ' s or eduardo schwartz ' works as shoddy or  shallow . ? he does not seem to suffer well people he considers fools . ? caveat  emptor , therefore ! having said all this , i do want to emphasize that he is a  bright guy , is very pleasant with me , and , perhaps given the appropriate  environment and supervision , might be quite productive . ? but don ' t take my  word for it . talk to him , and see what you think . ? obviously , i would ask  that you keep these comments in confidence . i have given you an honest  assessment - - brutally so .  ?  ' nuff said ! i have fulfilled my moral obligations both to joao and to you .  ?  best regards ,  grant .",0,joao neves dear vince somewhat delicate position one people group asked introduce el paso vice president agreed frankly guy asked clearly unhappy el paso human felt appropriate also guy would contacted anyway without introduction professional courtesy would like benefit experience fellow guy name joao neves portugese think reasonably bright seems quite deep understanding general finance financial mathematics manager feels frustrated hoped promoted position authority instead group brought two price waterhouse coopers consultants v p run structuring quant sides group respect understand unhappiness unfortunately however also think nature whine observed bad mouth lots people starting guys ok perhaps much indictment way dismissing broadie glasserman eduardo schwartz works shoddy shallow seem suffer well people considers fools caveat emptor therefore said want emphasize bright guy pleasant perhaps given appropriate environment supervision might quite productive take word talk see think obviously would ask keep comments confidence given honest assessment brutally nuff said fulfilled moral obligations joao best regards grant
Subject: we will guide you thru all of the answers to your questions about laser vision correction .  there ' s a good chance you could throw your glasses and contacts away . information for you now .  flhdzgxo,1,guide thru answers questions laser vision correction good chance could throw glasses contacts away information flhdzgxo
"Subject: re : summer opportunity  kim ,  yes , the offer is coming . it may take a few days to process it , but you can  count on it .  vince  "" whitsel , kimberly "" on 03 / 05 / 2001 08 : 36 : 47 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : summer opportunity  vince :  i did get your phone message about the summer , but i still haven ' t heard from  enron about an offer for summer employment . i do have other offers with  other energy companies that i must respond to this week . could you let me  know as soon as possible if an offer will be made to me .  sincerely ,  kimberly whitsel  wharton mba candidate 2002",0,summer opportunity kim yes offer coming may take days process count vince whitsel kimberly vince j kaminski enron com cc subject summer opportunity vince get phone message summer still heard enron offer summer employment offers energy companies must respond week could let know soon possible offer made sincerely kimberly whitsel wharton mba candidate
"Subject: re : credit reserve simulation for ees  one the outputs would be expected loss for each of the trials ( flat file ) and  a graph depicting the distribution ( example below from an early owens  illinois model )  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : de , rabi  sent : thursday , february 22 , 2001 3 : 20 pm  to : o ' leary , martin ; tribolet , michael ; estrems , connie ; bradford , william  cc : tamarchenko , tanya ; dhar , amitava ; kaminski , vince ; kiatsupaibul , seksan ;  issler , paulo  subject : credit reserve simulation for ees  amitava and seksan have identified the source of the discrepancy between the  option prices calculated by the credit - reserve model and the stand - alone  spreadsheet model used in deal pricing . we expect to put a fix in place by  tomorrow .  in response to your desire to see more output from credit reserve simulation ,  i have identified a list of possible items that may be of interest to you for  credit pricing .  1 . potential exposure across time  2 . for each simulated credit event , display :  default time  exposure - - is deal - by - deal breakdown of any interest ?  commodity forward curves ( or spot price ? ) at default time  i would appreciate it if you could let me know your wish list at your  earliest .  thanks ,  rabi de  5 - 4593",0,credit reserve simulation ees one outputs would expected loss trials flat file graph depicting distribution example early owens illinois model original message de rabi sent thursday february pm leary martin tribolet michael estrems connie bradford william cc tamarchenko tanya dhar amitava kaminski vince kiatsupaibul seksan issler paulo subject credit reserve simulation ees amitava seksan identified source discrepancy option prices calculated credit reserve model stand alone spreadsheet model used deal pricing expect put fix place tomorrow response desire see output credit reserve simulation identified list possible items may interest credit pricing potential exposure across time simulated credit event display default time exposure deal deal breakdown interest commodity forward curves spot price default time would appreciate could let know wish list earliest thanks rabi de
"Subject: re : forward oil prices  jens ,  i think i have cc ' ed you on this . john nowlan approved and stinson gibner  has the curves available for you .  vince  jens gobel @ enron  11 / 10 / 2000 04 : 44 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : forward oil prices  hi vince ,  have you already heard back from john nowlan ?  thanks a lot for your help again . have a great weekend .  jens  jens gobel  10 / 26 / 2000 12 : 06 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : forward oil prices  vince ,  as discussed on the phone , i am sending you the request that i have received  from prof . buehler . prof . buehler is the  head of the faculty of finance at mannheim university in germany . currently ,  he is writing a study about the hedging  strategy that led to the metallgesellschaft debacle . for this study he would  like to get forward oil prices form us .  the forward oil prices should be for wti with cushing as the delivery point  for the time period july 1986 and december 1996  with remaining contract durations between one and ten years . it would be  ideal to get this data on a daily basis . weekly  or monthly data is helpful as well , of course .  since mannheim university is among enron ' s tier one recruiting universities  in germany , it would be great if we could help  him with some data . thanks a lot for your help .  jens  o . korn @ uni - mannheim . de on 10 / 10 / 2000 11 : 44 : 57 am  to : jens . gobel @ enron . com  cc :  subject : daten  sehr geehrter herr goebel ,  bezugnehmend auf ihr heutiges telefongespraech mit herrn prof .  buehler hat mich prof . buehler gebeten , ihnen genauer  darzustellen , welche daten idealerweise fuer unsere studie  benoetigt wuerden .  zunaechst zum hintergrund . wir sind auf enron gestossen , weil  eduardo schwartz in einer seiner arbeiten die folgende datenquelle  angibt :  "" in addition to the publicly available futures data described above ,  for the purpose of this study enron capital and trade resources  made available some proprietary historical forward price curves  from 1 / 15 / 93 to 5 / 16 / 96 . from these data ten forward prices were  used in estimation , ranging in maturities from two months to nine  years ""  dies laesst uns annehmen , dass enron bestimmte daten  verfuegbar hat .  nun zum idealen datensatz :  forwardoelpreise ( am besten wti mit lieferung in cushing ) fuer  restlaufzeiten zwischen einem und zehn jahren fuer den zeitraum  juli 1986 bis dezember 1996 . dabei waere eine hohe  datenfrequenz ideal ( taeglich , ansonsten woechentlich oder  monatlich ) . zusaetzlich waeren auch spotpreise fuer wti mit  lieferung in cushing nuetzlich .  diese idealen datenanforderungen werden sich vermutlich nicht  erfuellen lassen . jedoch waere uns auch schon geholfen , wenn ein  kuerzerer zeitraum oder eine niedrigere datenfrequenz vorlaege .  wir waernen ihnen sehr dankbar , wenn sie in erfahrung bringen  koennten , inwiefern solche daten von enron zu erhalten sind .  herzlichen dank fuer ihre muehe und beste gruesse  olaf korn  p . s . bei rueckfragen stehe ich ihnen jederzeit gern zur verfuegung  dr . olaf korn  university of mannheim  chair of finance  d - 68131 mannheim  germany  tel . : + + 49 / 621 / 181 - 1487  fax . : + + 49 / 621 / 181 - 1519  e - mail : o . korn @ uni - mannheim . de",0,forward oil prices jens think cc ed john nowlan approved stinson gibner curves available vince jens gobel enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject forward oil prices hi vince already heard back john nowlan thanks lot help great weekend jens jens gobel pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject forward oil prices vince discussed phone sending request received prof buehler prof buehler head faculty finance mannheim university germany currently writing study hedging strategy led metallgesellschaft debacle study would like get forward oil prices form us forward oil prices wti cushing delivery point time period july december remaining contract durations one ten years would ideal get data daily basis weekly monthly data helpful well course since mannheim university among enron tier one recruiting universities germany would great could help data thanks lot help jens korn uni mannheim de jens gobel enron com cc subject daten sehr geehrter herr goebel bezugnehmend auf ihr heutiges telefongespraech mit herrn prof buehler hat mich prof buehler gebeten ihnen genauer darzustellen welche daten idealerweise fuer unsere studie benoetigt wuerden zunaechst zum hintergrund wir sind auf enron gestossen weil eduardo schwartz einer seiner arbeiten die folgende datenquelle angibt addition publicly available futures data described purpose study enron capital trade resources made available proprietary historical forward price curves data ten forward prices used estimation ranging maturities two months nine years dies laesst uns annehmen dass enron bestimmte daten verfuegbar hat nun zum idealen datensatz forwardoelpreise besten wti mit lieferung cushing fuer restlaufzeiten zwischen einem und zehn jahren fuer den zeitraum juli bis dezember dabei waere eine hohe datenfrequenz ideal taeglich ansonsten woechentlich oder monatlich zusaetzlich waeren auch spotpreise fuer wti mit lieferung cushing nuetzlich diese idealen datenanforderungen werden sich vermutlich nicht erfuellen lassen jedoch waere uns auch schon geholfen wenn ein kuerzerer zeitraum oder eine niedrigere datenfrequenz vorlaege wir waernen ihnen sehr dankbar wenn sie erfahrung bringen koennten inwiefern solche daten von enron zu erhalten sind herzlichen dank fuer ihre muehe und beste gruesse olaf korn p bei rueckfragen stehe ich ihnen jederzeit gern zur verfuegung dr olaf korn university mannheim chair finance mannheim germany tel fax e mail korn uni mannheim de
"Subject: re : private firm schedule  thanks for the schedule update  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kirkpatrick , eric  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 10 : 52 am  to : mack , iris ; dhar , amitava ; brent , richard ; salmon , scott ; chaney , craig ;  mumford , mike ; detiveaux , kim ; cruver , brian  subject : private firm schedule  all :  this is the rough schedule we came up with at today ' s video conference :  submit rfp to d & b , experian , and amadeus 2 days 25 apr mumford  receive back rfps 1 . 5 weeks 4 may mumford  complete evaluation , selection & authorization 1 week 11 may mumford / mack  contract complete and signed 2 weeks 25 may mumford  data to iris & amitava 3 weeks 15 june mumford  model development complete 4 weeks 15 july mack  * integration of model and data feeds into cts 6 weeks 30 august kirkpatrick  prior to integration into cts any prices would have to be manually uploaded  into cts via spreadsheet .  the rfp will include a request for a smaller data calibration set that we may  select to purchase immediately .  we can revisit this schedule at our wednesday video conference .  eric kirkpatrick",0,private firm schedule thanks schedule update original message kirkpatrick eric sent monday april mack iris dhar amitava brent richard salmon scott chaney craig mumford mike detiveaux kim cruver brian subject private firm schedule rough schedule came today video conference submit rfp b experian amadeus days apr mumford receive back rfps weeks may mumford complete evaluation selection authorization week may mumford mack contract complete signed weeks may mumford data iris amitava weeks june mumford model development complete weeks july mack integration model data feeds cts weeks august kirkpatrick prior integration cts prices would manually uploaded cts via spreadsheet rfp include request smaller data calibration set may select purchase immediately revisit schedule wednesday video conference eric kirkpatrick
"Subject: wanna be more man ? check this dude  penis enhancement patch , doctor approved and recommended .  http : / / www . siratu . com / ss /  come not within the measure of my wrath .  the enthusiasm of a woman ' s love is even beyond the biographer ' s .  silence is the most perfect expression of scorn .  distrust and caution are the parents of security .  it ' s only after we ' ve lost everything that we ' re free to do anything .",1,wan na man check dude penis enhancement patch doctor approved recommended http www siratu com ss come within measure wrath enthusiasm woman love even beyond biographer silence perfect expression scorn distrust caution parents security lost everything free anything
"Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron research group  hi christine !  thanks for being so prompt !  i have scheduled the telephone interview for 2 : 00 pm on thursday ,  november 30 th . they will call you at ( 504 ) 861 - 9110 . if this is not  the telephone number that you wish to be contacted at , please let me  know the number that you do want them to call you on .  the research group does sponsor green cards and visas . below is  a short synopsis of what the research group does . however , they will  be glad to answer any questions you have during the interview .  "" the enron research group is responsible for option modeling , building  systems for risk quantification and management , development of  optimization systems , help with statistical analysis and anything that  requires  advanced math "" . the research group supports all units of enron .  if you have any other questions , please feel free to contact me , or feel  free to ask during the interview .  talk to you on thursday !  best regards ,  shirley crenshaw  "" qing chen "" on 11 / 27 / 2000 05 : 40 : 09 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron research group  hi shirley ,  thanks for the arrangement . i am available to start the interview :  - from 9 am to 10 am on wednesday and thursday  - from 2 : 30 pm to 4 pm on thursday  new orleans is in the central time zone .  in addition , could you let me know :  - what is the main responsibilities of the research group ;  - what positions you are recruiting for ; and  - what qualifications and skill sets are critical to these positions .  thanks . i look forward to hearing from you .  best regards ,  qing ( christine ) chen  mba 2001  a . b . freeman school of business  tulane university  tel : ( 504 ) 861 - 9110  e - mail : qchenl @ tulane . edu  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  sent : monday , november 27 , 2000 10 : 25 am  subject : telephone interview with the enron research group  > good morning ms . chen :  >  > vince kaminski and several members of the research group would like  > to conduct a telephone interview with you sometime this week at your  > convenience . please let me know the times that you are available and  > they will contact you .  >  > the telephone interviews usually last approximately 1 hour and will be  > conducted via a speaker phone .  >  > the interviewers will be :  >  > vince kaminski managing director and head of research  > stinson gibner vice president , research  > tanya tamarchenko director , research  > zimin lu director , research  >  > look forward to hearing from you .  >  > best regards ,  >  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron research group  >  >",0,telephone interview enron research group hi christine thanks prompt scheduled telephone interview pm thursday november th call telephone number wish contacted please let know number want call research group sponsor green cards visas short synopsis research group however glad answer questions interview enron research group responsible option modeling building systems risk quantification management development optimization systems help statistical analysis anything requires advanced math research group supports units enron questions please feel free contact feel free ask interview talk thursday best regards shirley crenshaw qing chen pm cc subject telephone interview enron research group hi shirley thanks arrangement available start interview wednesday thursday pm pm thursday new orleans central time zone addition could let know main responsibilities research group positions recruiting qualifications skill sets critical positions thanks look forward hearing best regards qing christine chen mba b freeman school business tulane university tel e mail qchenl tulane edu original message sent monday november subject telephone interview enron research group good morning ms chen vince kaminski several members research group would like conduct telephone interview sometime week convenience please let know times available contact telephone interviews usually last approximately hour conducted via speaker phone interviewers vince kaminski managing director head research stinson gibner vice president research tanya tamarchenko director research zimin lu director research look forward hearing best regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group
"Subject: stewart seeligson joins ebs  hi stinson & vince this is the person that kevin howard told me about - - kevin  did the finacing portion of the deals mentioned blow and stewart was the  commercial counterpart . he will be heading up hamachi towards its closure  this week .  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 13 / 00 02 : 20  pm - - - - -  ebs office of the chairman  sent by : dolph selten  03 / 13 / 00 01 : 47 pm  to : ec employees - - all @ enron communications  cc :  subject : stewart seeligson joins ebs  we are pleased to announce that stewart seeligson has joined ebs relocating  after more than 4 years from enron europe in london . stewart started with  enron nearly six years ago as an associate in ect in houston . in europe ,  stewart was successful in playing a key role in sutton bridge , originating a  number of highly structured transactions including the eastern deals and more  recently co - led enron ' s commercial activities in spain especially the  development of a 1200 mw ccgt which is expected to begin construction later  this year .  stewart will assist in developing , managing and leading several of our more  complicated mission critical commercial transactions . in particular , stewart  will focus on those transactions which require multiple functions across ebs ,  a role stewart excelled in at enron europe . stewart will report directly to  ken rice as a vice president , but will work directly with each of the  commercial business unit leaders on a project specific basis .  please welcome stewart to the ebs team .",0,stewart seeligson joins ebs hi stinson vince person kevin howard told kevin finacing portion deals mentioned blow stewart commercial counterpart heading hamachi towards closure week ravi forwarded ravi thuraisingham enron communications pm ebs office chairman sent dolph selten pm ec employees enron communications cc subject stewart seeligson joins ebs pleased announce stewart seeligson joined ebs relocating years enron europe london stewart started enron nearly six years ago associate ect houston europe stewart successful playing key role sutton bridge originating number highly structured transactions including eastern deals recently co led enron commercial activities spain especially development mw ccgt expected begin construction later year stewart assist developing managing leading several complicated mission critical commercial transactions particular stewart focus transactions require multiple functions across ebs role stewart excelled enron europe stewart report directly ken rice vice president work directly commercial business unit leaders project specific basis please welcome stewart ebs team
"Subject: project  richard ,  i would like to inform you that we decided against participation in your  project .  thanks for your interest in having enron involved in the study .  vince kaminski",0,project richard would like inform decided participation project thanks interest enron involved study vince kaminski
Subject: request submitted : access request for tony . harris @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data  approver . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000006452  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 11 / 2 / 00 1 : 12 : 58 pm  requested for : tony . harris @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory,0,request submitted access request tony harris enron com received email listed alternate data approver please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date pm requested tony harris enron com resource name enehou houston common research read write resource type directory
"Subject: re : meeting on the 20 th of march  fyi .  shirley ( 3 - 5290 ) is making travel arrangements for me .  it makes sense for all of us to stay in the same hotel ,  irrespective of individual travel arrangements  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 29 / 2000  07 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" rudy , robert "" on 02 / 28 / 2000 08 : 20 : 10 pm  to : "" ' vince j kaminski ' ""  cc :  subject : re : meeting on the 20 th of march  dear vince ,  thanks for your note . i look forward to seeing you on the 20 th .  we usually recommend our visitors to stay at the park hyatt on battery  street . it ' s a 5 minute cab ride ( or an easy 15 minute walk ) to our  offices . should you decide to walk , it is important that you take sansome  street rather than montgomery . they are one block apart , but one goes up to  the top of telegraph hill and ends before continuing at the bottom of a  cliff and the other is relatively flat and is continuous . there are  detailed directions on our website ( www . kmv . com ) .  see you on the 20 th .  regards ,  rob  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , february 28 , 2000 9 : 35 am  to : robert . rudy @ kmv . com  cc : vince j kaminski ; shirley crenshaw  subject : meeting on the 20 th of march  robert ,  this is to confirm the meeting on march the 20 th at 9 : 00 a . m . enron will be  represented by  bill bradford , bryan seyfried , , vasant shanbhogue and myself .  could you , please , advise me what is the best hotel where we could stay  overnight ,  close to your location ?  vince kaminski  enron corp .  1400 smith street , room 1962  houston , tx 77251 - 1188  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com",0,meeting th march fyi shirley making travel arrangements makes sense us stay hotel irrespective individual travel arrangements vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect rudy robert pm vince j kaminski cc subject meeting th march dear vince thanks note look forward seeing th usually recommend visitors stay park hyatt battery street minute cab ride easy minute walk offices decide walk important take sansome street rather montgomery one block apart one goes top telegraph hill ends continuing bottom cliff relatively flat continuous detailed directions website www kmv com see th regards rob original message vince j kaminski mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday february robert rudy kmv com cc vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw subject meeting th march robert confirm meeting march th enron represented bill bradford bryan seyfried vasant shanbhogue could please advise best hotel could stay overnight close location vince kaminski enron corp smith street room houston tx phone fax e mail vkamins enron com
"Subject: * special notification * aurora version 5 . 5 release , what ' s new ?  iv  friends :  i spoken with most of you over the last few weeks regarding the new  version of aurora due to be released tomorrow . we ' ve broken a lot of  new ground with this version , and this version will serve as our  official launch into the eastern u . s . we ' ve worked closely with our  eastern customers , and responded to the needs of the market . some of  the enhancements :  aurora software modeling enhancements :  * energy storage - resources ( pumped hydro )  * market areas : no limit on number of areas  * transmission : congestion pricing .  * price caps  * risk analysis  * modeling enhancements via vb scripting : "" update data "" capability  general capabilities  * aurora ' s run time speed improved again .  * file transfers to epis  * interface enhancements  reporting enhancements  * marginal resource reporting  * resource operations reporting  * resource stacks detail consolidated  aurora databases  * east - central aurora database - - 25 market areas modeled with 11  market areas in new york iso .  * wscc aurora database - - updated ipp resources  * ercot aurora database - updated resources  * all databases updated to use the new modeling capabilities  as aurora continues to grow , and we meet the needs of the market , we  have made several procedural changes . we continue to offer free 7 - day  demos to those companies that want to take a look at the model , and get  a brief idea of how it thinks and feels . after that 7 - day demo period  we now offer either a discount for moving into a full license , or we  offer a 60 - day trial for $ 10 , 000 . 00 - - we also now offer more options  for the licensing of the model . annual licenses are priced as follows :  single user ( 1 user / 1 pc )  $ 33 , 000 . 00  limited - use ( 1 user / multiple pcs or multiple users / 1 pc )  $ 45 , 000 . 00  two - user ( 2 users / 2 pcs )  $ 55 , 000 . 00  site license ( unlimited users / pcs excluding affiliates )  $ 79 , 000 . 00  affiliate - site ( unlimited users / pcs including affiliates )  $ 99 , 000 . 00  for additional information , please contact me , and i ' ll speak with you  about how aurora can help you in your specific operations and projects .  v . todd wheeler  sales manager  epis , inc .  ( 503 ) 722 - 2023 tel . x 210  ( 503 ) 722 - 7130 fax  www . epis . com  todd @ epis . com  >  - what ' s new - version 5 . 5 information . doc",0,special notification aurora version release new iv friends spoken last weeks regarding new version aurora due released tomorrow broken lot new ground version version serve official launch eastern u worked closely eastern customers responded needs market enhancements aurora software modeling enhancements energy storage resources pumped hydro market areas limit number areas transmission congestion pricing price caps risk analysis modeling enhancements via vb scripting update data capability general capabilities aurora run time speed improved file transfers epis interface enhancements reporting enhancements marginal resource reporting resource operations reporting resource stacks detail consolidated aurora databases east central aurora database market areas modeled market areas new york iso wscc aurora database updated ipp resources ercot aurora database updated resources databases updated use new modeling capabilities aurora continues grow meet needs market made several procedural changes continue offer free day demos companies want take look model get brief idea thinks feels day demo period offer either discount moving full license offer day trial also offer options licensing model annual licenses priced follows single user user pc limited use user multiple pcs multiple users pc two user users pcs site license unlimited users pcs excluding affiliates affiliate site unlimited users pcs including affiliates additional information please contact speak aurora help specific operations projects v todd wheeler sales manager epis inc tel x fax www epis com todd epis com new version information doc
"Subject: re : curves for south america  remi ,  no problem . my assistant shirley crenshaw will call you friday to set up a  meeting .  vince  remi collonges @ enron _ development  02 / 24 / 2000 09 : 10 am  to : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect  cc :  subject : curves for south america  vince and grant ,  i have been made responsible for all gas and power curves in south america  ( plus books development , reporting , . . . . . . . ) . i have somewhat started but ,  since i am new on the job , i ' d love to receive advice , guidance ( and at some  stage help ) from you . would you be available for a meeting next week ,  preferably thursday or friday ? i ' m planning to be in houston these days .  remi collonges  ( 55 ) 11 5503 1200",0,curves south america remi problem assistant shirley crenshaw call friday set meeting vince remi collonges enron development vince j kaminski ect grant masson ect cc subject curves south america vince grant made responsible gas power curves south america plus books development reporting somewhat started since new job love receive advice guidance stage help would available meeting next week preferably thursday friday planning houston days remi collonges
Subject: best software prices .  big range of all types of downloadable software .  life is consciousness .  if you stay in beverly hills too long you become a mercedes .,1,best software prices big range types downloadable software life consciousness stay beverly hills long become mercedes
"Subject: re : mgmt 656 ( rice university )  pam ,  thanks . the list of e - mail addresses would be useful as well .  vince  pamela vande krol castro on 01 / 17 / 2001 03 : 05 : 01 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : mgmt 656 ( rice university )  here are your rosters for mgmt 656 . let me know if you need a list of  e - mail addresses as well . i will update you as student schedules change .  - pam  ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  - 656 . doc",0,mgmt rice university pam thanks list e mail addresses would useful well vince pamela vande krol castro pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject mgmt rice university rosters mgmt let know need list e mail addresses well update student schedules change pam doc
"Subject: baylor professors lunch  i ' m sorry . . . try this .  beth  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beth miertschin / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000  05 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : beth miertschin 07 / 07 / 2000 05 : 01 pm  to : mitchell taylor / corp / enron @ enron , bill w brown / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shelly jones / hou / ect @ ect , geynille dillingham / hou / ect @ ect  subject : baylor professors lunch  on wednesday , july 12 dr . john martin , chair of finance department , and dr .  bill petty , chair of entrepreneurship department , of baylor university will  be at the enron building to discuss future sponsorship of the texas finance  festival and to talk about recruiting .  they have asked me to invite all of you to lunch with us on that day so that  they might have a chance to visit with you all as well . please let me know  if you are available for lunch on july 12 at noon .",0,baylor professors lunch sorry try beth forwarded beth miertschin hou ect pm beth miertschin pm mitchell taylor corp enron enron bill w brown hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shelly jones hou ect ect geynille dillingham hou ect ect subject baylor professors lunch wednesday july dr john martin chair finance department dr bill petty chair entrepreneurship department baylor university enron building discuss future sponsorship texas finance festival talk recruiting asked invite lunch us day might chance visit well please let know available lunch july noon
"Subject: add logos and tones to your cell phone 1575332211111  take yourself out of our list by clicking here  bored  with  your cell phone ?  get  cool songs logos to your phone today !  it ' s  real simple ! no confusing downloads  or installations . simple phone activation !  click here to order  there  are tons of songs and graphics to choose from .  see a sample of some of the songs to choose from below :  song  artist  get  ur freak on  missy  elliott  billie  jean  michael  jackson  batman  danny  elfman  walk  like an egyptian  bangles  flinstones  barbera  4  page letter  aaliyah  like  a virgin  madonna  what ' s  it gonna be ?  b . rhymes / j . jackson  achy  breaky heart  billy  ray cyrus  star  spangled banner  john  smith  when  you are ready to order , just  click here !  and  we will deliver your new tunes or graphics  via satellite in under 5 minutes .  take yourself out of our list by clicking here ",1,add logos tones cell phone take list clicking bored cell phone get cool songs logos phone today real simple confusing downloads installations simple phone activation click order tons songs graphics choose see sample songs choose song artist get ur freak missy elliott billie jean michael jackson batman danny elfman walk like egyptian bangles flinstones barbera page letter aaliyah like virgin madonna gon na b rhymes j jackson achy breaky heart billy ray cyrus star spangled banner john smith ready order click deliver new tunes graphics via satellite minutes take list clicking
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corei painter ix  $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  garry ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corel desiqner quickbooks professional edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere eiements corei painter ix adobe lllustrator cs adobe indesiqn cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cooi production studio alias motion builder professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop elements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely garry
"Subject: re : worldpower  mark ,  i agree with you . they do not seem to have the market penetration we need .  the benefits don ' t justify the expense .  i shall notify them .  vince  mark palmer @ enron  01 / 21 / 2000 08 : 22 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : worldpower  i think we should decline .  mark",0,worldpower mark agree seem market penetration need benefits justify expense shall notify vince mark palmer enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject worldpower think decline mark
"Subject: re : dinner this fri . in london ?  ehud ,  i had to cancel my trip to london . steve leppard will  take care of my presentations .  vince  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 09 / 18 / 2000 09 : 12 : 47 am  to : lane hughston , vkamins @ enron . com ,  pnance @ teknecon . com , ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu , steven . leppard @ enron . com ,  geman @ edu . essec . fr , chris . harris @ natpower . com  cc :  subject : dinner this fri . in london ?  colleagues ,  greetings .  i ' d like to plan a dinner subsequent to the adjournment of this week ' s eprm  conference in london fri . 9 / 22 . whereas some of you have already notified  me of your availability or travel plans , please advise whether you are  available for dinner on fri . 9 / 22 or sat . 9 / 23 .  ehud  ehud i . ronn  jack s . josey professor in energy studies  department of finance  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,dinner fri london ehud cancel trip london steve leppard take care presentations vince ehud ronn lane hughston vkamins enron com pnance teknecon com ds cyrus andrew cmu edu steven leppard enron com geman edu essec fr chris harris natpower com cc subject dinner fri london colleagues greetings like plan dinner subsequent adjournment week eprm conference london fri whereas already notified availability travel plans please advise whether available dinner fri sat ehud ehud ronn jack josey professor energy studies department finance mccombs school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: day off tuesday  stinson ,  i would like to take a day off tomorrow ( tuesday , april 10 ) .  i need to register my son to elementary school and send my cars to service .  my cell number is 713 - 858 - 2577 in case you need to reach me .  zimin",0,day tuesday stinson would like take day tomorrow tuesday april need register son elementary school send cars service cell number case need reach zimin
"Subject: book  vince ,  ?  i have made contact with fiona grant , director public relations and  communications enron europe limited , and she mentioned that there are some  changes to your bios , which are located both on the cover and in the  preliminary section in "" about the authors "" . ? we would appreciate it if you  could help in ? collecting or passing along these edits ? since these ? are ? the  only items delaying the printing of the book . ?  thanks vince .  ?  regards ,  julie  ?  ?",0,book vince made contact fiona grant director public relations communications enron europe limited mentioned changes bios located cover preliminary section authors would appreciate could help collecting passing along edits since items delaying printing book thanks vince regards julie
"Subject: re : p + spread options  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001  12 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : jeffrey a shankman on 01 / 29 / 2001 12 : 38 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , don schroeder / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : p + spread options  let ' s get together on this in the next couple of days . thanks . jeff  stinson gibner  01 / 29 / 2001 12 : 10 pm  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : p + spread options  jeff ,  we are reviewing the p + spread option book . one item of note is that the  correlations used to book the spread options have dropped significantly from  what was being used a year ago ( see charts below ) . i also remember that  john mee was using even higher correlations when he ran this book . in fact  he wanted to book options with a correlation of 1 . 0 , but our model would not  allow it , so he was using 0 . 999 .  we are currently calculating historical correlations for you as well . if  you want , vince and i can review this with you at the end of the day . just  let me know what time would be convenient .  - - stinson  x 34748",0,p spread options fyi forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm jeffrey shankman pm stinson gibner hou ect ect cc john l nowlan hou ect ect schroeder hou ect ect subject p spread options let get together next couple days thanks jeff stinson gibner pm jeffrey shankman hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject p spread options jeff reviewing p spread option book one item note correlations used book spread options dropped significantly used year ago see charts also remember john mee using even higher correlations ran book fact wanted book options correlation model would allow using currently calculating historical correlations well want vince review end day let know time would convenient stinson x
"Subject: fw : notes for var course  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : mccarthy , jane j  > sent : wednesday , 25 october 2000 16 : 55  > to : ' vkaminski @ aol . com '  > subject : notes for var course  >  > dr . kaminski ,  >  > i attended your var course in sydney in july , but when i went back to look  at the notes recently i found that i am missing some sections ( e . g . optimal  techniques for measuring var , using monte carlo techniques to accurately  calculate var , evaluating the impact of volatility and extreme values on  var ) . would you be able to send me a copy of your notes , as i am about to  embark on a var modelling exercise and i am sure they would be very useful .  >  > regards ,  > jane mccarthy  > manager market risk  > bhp co . pty ltd .  > lvl . 45 , 600 bourke street  > melbourne , vic 3000  > australia  >  > ph : 613 9 609 3860  > fax : 613 9 609 3861  > email : mccarthy . jane . j @ bhp . com . au  >  >  >  eom  notice - this message contains information intended only for the use of the  addressee named above . it may also be confidential and / or privileged . if  you are not the intended recipient of this message you are hereby notified  that you must not disseminate , copy or take any action in reliance on it . if  you have received this message in error please notify postmaster @ bhp . com .",0,fw notes var course original message mccarthy jane j sent wednesday october vkaminski aol com subject notes var course dr kaminski attended var course sydney july went back look notes recently found missing sections e g optimal techniques measuring var using monte carlo techniques accurately calculate var evaluating impact volatility extreme values var would able send copy notes embark var modelling exercise sure would useful regards jane mccarthy manager market risk bhp co pty ltd lvl bourke street melbourne vic australia ph fax email mccarthy jane j bhp com au eom notice message contains information intended use addressee named may also confidential privileged intended recipient message hereby notified must disseminate copy take action reliance received message error please notify postmaster bhp com
"Subject: re : super saturday , june 3 , 2000  dave ,  i will be glad to participate .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : david w delainey 05 / 23 / 2000 02 : 11 pm  sent by : kay chapman  to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect , wes  colwell / hou / ect @ ect , janet r dietrich / hou / ect @ ect , jeff donahue / hou / ect @ ect ,  w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , gary  hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , mike jakubik / hou / ect @ ect , scott  josey / corp / enron @ enron , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , rodney  malcolm / hou / ect @ ect , george mcclellan / hou / ect @ ect , julia murray / hou / ect @ ect ,  jere c overdyke / hou / ect @ ect , david oxley / hou / ect @ ect , kevin m  presto / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a  shankman / hou / ect @ ect , john thompson / lon / ect @ ect , james a ajello / hou / ect @ ect ,  edward ondarza / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , marsha schiller / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  tijerina / corp / enron @ enron , christy chapman / hou / ect @ ect , tina  rode / hou / ect @ ect , janette elbertson / hou / ect @ ect , stella l ely / hou / ect @ ect ,  nicole mayer / hou / ect @ ect , tonai lehr / corp / enron @ enron , kimberly  hillis / hou / ect @ ect , ana alcantara / hou / ect @ ect , yolanda ford / hou / ect @ ect ,  carolyn george / corp / enron @ enron , donna baker / hou / ect @ ect , rhonna  palmer / hou / ect @ ect , felicia doan / hou / ect @ ect , katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect ,  barbara lewis / hou / ect @ ect , terrellyn parker / hou / ect @ ect , dusty warren  paez / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , nicki daw / na / enron @ enron , kay  chapman / hou / ect @ ect  subject : super saturday , june 3 , 2000  during our off - site at columbia lakes recently , we identified areas in ena  where significant gaps exist that need filling at the analyst and associate  level . we have scheduled an off - cycle super saturday on june 3 , 2000 and i  would like your participation as an interviewer . we will need approximately  25 - 30 interviewers to fill approximately 30 associate & analyst positions . i  am counting on everyone making themselves available on the third to  facilitate this priority action item .  ted bland will be forwarding information concerning the event to each of you  early next week .  thank you for your participation .  dave",0,super saturday june dave glad participate vince enron north america corp david w delainey pm sent kay chapman sally beck hou ect ect raymond bowen hou ect ect wes colwell hou ect ect janet r dietrich hou ect ect jeff donahue hou ect ect w david duran hou ect ect mark e haedicke hou ect ect gary hickerson hou ect ect mike jakubik hou ect ect scott josey corp enron enron john j lavorato corp enron enron rodney malcolm hou ect ect george mcclellan hou ect ect julia murray hou ect ect jere c overdyke hou ect ect david oxley hou ect ect kevin presto hou ect ect brian redmond hou ect ect jeffrey shankman hou ect ect john thompson lon ect ect james ajello hou ect ect edward ondarza hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc patti thompson hou ect ect marsha schiller hou ect ect shirley tijerina corp enron enron christy chapman hou ect ect tina rode hou ect ect janette elbertson hou ect ect stella l ely hou ect ect nicole mayer hou ect ect tonai lehr corp enron enron kimberly hillis hou ect ect ana alcantara hou ect ect yolanda ford hou ect ect carolyn george corp enron enron donna baker hou ect ect rhonna palmer hou ect ect felicia doan hou ect ect katherine benedict hou ect ect barbara lewis hou ect ect terrellyn parker hou ect ect dusty warren paez hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect nicki daw na enron enron kay chapman hou ect ect subject super saturday june site columbia lakes recently identified areas ena significant gaps exist need filling analyst associate level scheduled cycle super saturday june would like participation interviewer need approximately interviewers fill approximately associate analyst positions counting everyone making available third facilitate priority action item ted bland forwarding information concerning event early next week thank participation dave
"Subject: ppi index short - term models  hi martina i believe that the  forecasts are accurately reflecting this . please see graphs below :  both models really need our rpi curve to be linked ( at the moment i have just  copied the 2 . 3 % number forward ) . because the auto - regressive error term is  not very important , we can run the models forward with reasonable  confidence . as i mentioned , i don ' t think we can really run this model more  than 12 months , in fact , i think we should run for 9 - 12 months and blend the  next 3 - 4 months out with the long - term model .  hope i can fix the long - term ones now with some new insight !  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  pllu : dzcv :",0,ppi index short term models hi martina believe forecasts accurately reflecting please see graphs models really need rpi curve linked moment copied number forward auto regressive error term important run models forward reasonable confidence mentioned think really run model months fact think run months blend next months long term model hope fix long term ones new insight regards anjam x pllu dzcv
"Subject: wharton tiger team  vince and kristin , i forwarded by separate emails the lists of tiger teams 1  and 3 .  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 15 / 01 11 : 28 pm - - - - -  kristin gandy @ enron  02 / 15 / 01 01 : 07 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : wharton tiger team  vince and christie ,  greetings . i am writing because i need a break out of names for the tiger  team group 1 and 3 . i understand tiger team group 2 has decided not to be a  part of enron and i also need to know who those students are . i have a  listing of all the tiger team members but they are listed alphabetically so  that does not help me with my quest . we are trying to firm up the details  and get offers out to the correct people for summer associate positions in  vince ' s department .  regards ,  kristin",0,wharton tiger team vince kristin forwarded separate emails lists tiger teams thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm kristin gandy enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect christie patrick hou ect ect cc subject wharton tiger team vince christie greetings writing need break names tiger team group understand tiger team group decided part enron also need know students listing tiger team members listed alphabetically help quest trying firm details get offers correct people summer associate positions vince department regards kristin
"Subject: ena analysts and associates  i have just received word from ted bland that no one has responded to this  memo . please re - read the following memo and respond to ted by july 31 , 2000 .  thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter .  as you know the ena otc is actively working with the analyst and associate  program to develop greater talent flow into ena . we are presently working on  a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly  improve communication flow and responsiveness . however in this regard we also  need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ena  regarding a & a resource levels , performance , rotations and retention efforts .  in this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead for your  groups needs and ensure that any requests , questions or concerns about a & a ' s  in your area are passed through you to either ted bland ( ena recuitment team  lead - x 35275 ) or jana giovannani ( ena liaison from the aa program - x 39233 )  or myself . it is important that we are discerning about what we do with our  a & a resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs , in this  regard we need for you personally ( or a senior member of your team who you  may optionally delegate this task to ) will take the time to review any a & a  resource requests from your team before passing them onto us .  in addition , given the importance of these resources , we will be inviting you  to a regular bi - monthly meeting to discuss ena a & a matters . we will confirm  the first date in due course . in the meantime if you would like to volunteer  another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply  their name as soon as possible .  please call with any questions .",0,ena analysts associates received word ted bland one responded memo please read following memo respond ted july thanks advance prompt attention matter know ena otc actively working analyst associate program develop greater talent flow ena presently working number initiatives improve working significantly improve communication flow responsiveness however regard also need help make sure clear lines communication within ena regarding resource levels performance rotations retention efforts regard would like take lead groups needs ensure requests questions concerns area passed either ted bland ena recuitment team lead x jana giovannani ena liaison aa program x important discerning resources plan carefully accurately future needs regard need personally senior member team may optionally delegate task take time review resource requests team passing onto us addition given importance resources inviting regular bi monthly meeting discuss ena matters confirm first date due course meantime would like volunteer another senior member team assume reponsibility please supply name soon possible please call questions
"Subject: phone call today  vince ,  there are a few matters i ' d like to discuss with you :  clarification on who tony harrison reports to ( i had understood it would be  the houston crude oil weather forecast team but i am not now sure )  to let you know that joe wants to recruit a strongly mathematical  macroeconomist reporting to steve , and therefore that maureen will be  returning to houston later this month  to talk about stinson coming over for a visit  regards ,  tani",0,phone call today vince matters like discuss clarification tony harrison reports understood would houston crude oil weather forecast team sure let know joe wants recruit strongly mathematical macroeconomist reporting steve therefore maureen returning houston later month talk stinson coming visit regards tani
"Subject: confirmation of 3 / 20 9 a . m . meeting at kmv in san francisco  dear mr . kaminski :  thank you for your phone messages , confirming that you and mr . bill bradford  will be meeting with mr . robert rudy ( managing director - head of client  service ) this monday , march 20 th , from 9 a . m . - 12 p . m . we are looking  forward to seeing you , and hopefully we ' ll even have some sunny weather for  you .  attached are the directions to our office . please be sure to note that our  dress code is business casual , so please do not feel obligated to wear a  suit and tie .  >  please let me know if you have any questions .  sincerely ,  kristina j . wun  marketing coordinator  kmv llc  1620 montgomery street , suite 140  san francisco , california 94111  415 - 765 - 5988 ( direct line )  415 - 296 - 9669 ( general line )  415 - 296 - 9458 ( fax line )  wun @ kmv . com  - directions to kmv . doc",0,confirmation meeting kmv san francisco dear mr kaminski thank phone messages confirming mr bill bradford meeting mr robert rudy managing director head client service monday march th p looking forward seeing hopefully even sunny weather attached directions office please sure note dress code business casual please feel obligated wear suit tie please let know questions sincerely kristina j wun marketing coordinator kmv llc montgomery street suite san francisco california direct line general line fax line wun kmv com directions kmv doc
"Subject: karthik rajan  shirley ,  we interviewed by phone karthik and would now like to bring him for a visit  to enron . can you either arrange it or forward to hr for them to arrange ,  whichever is best . while here karthik should probably talk with  zimin , paulo , bob , vasant , krishna , vince  and anyone else vince wants to add to the list .  thanks ,  stinson  his resume is attached below . his phone # is 765 494 2181 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001  03 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat @ enron  03 / 08 / 2001 03 : 39 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : phone interview with karthik  attached is karthik resume .  his transcript is in http : / / atom . ecn . purdue . edu / ~ krajan / friends /  login is : k _ rajan  password is : donl 23  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  03 / 08 / 2001 03 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat  02 / 28 / 2001 07 : 09 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : phone interview with karthik  please let me know if you guys available sometimes next tuesday or wednesday  late afternoon or evening .  zimin , karthik is a chem eng student at purdue . he found me from www and  contacted me for job opportunities . attached is his resume .  - chonawee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  02 / 28 / 2001 07 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" karthik rajan "" on 02 / 28 / 2001 09 : 41 : 56 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : opportunities in enron  hi chonawee supatgiat ,  nice to hear from you . next week would be ideal for me too . tuesday or  wednesday late afternoons / evenings would be ideal for me .  my number is 765 532 3182 .  looking forward to talking to you , stinson and zimin .  thanks ,  karthik .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to : "" karthik rajan ""  sent : wednesday , february 28 , 2001 3 : 48 pm  subject : re : opportunities in enron  >  > hi karthik ,  > stinson , zimin , and i would like to speak with you over the phone . when  > will be a good time ? we are thinking about sometimes next week . stinson  > and zimin are also in the research group .  > - chonawee  >",0,karthik rajan shirley interviewed phone karthik would like bring visit enron either arrange forward hr arrange whichever best karthik probably talk zimin paulo bob vasant krishna vince anyone else vince wants add list thanks stinson resume attached phone forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm chonawee supatgiat enron pm stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject phone interview karthik attached karthik resume transcript http atom ecn purdue edu krajan friends login k rajan password donl forwarded chonawee supatgiat corp enron pm chonawee supatgiat pm stinson gibner hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject phone interview karthik please let know guys available sometimes next tuesday wednesday late afternoon evening zimin karthik chem eng student purdue found www contacted job opportunities attached resume chonawee forwarded chonawee supatgiat corp enron pm karthik rajan pm cc subject opportunities enron hi chonawee supatgiat nice hear next week would ideal tuesday wednesday late afternoons evenings would ideal number looking forward talking stinson zimin thanks karthik original message karthik rajan sent wednesday february pm subject opportunities enron hi karthik stinson zimin would like speak phone good time thinking sometimes next week stinson zimin also research group chonawee
"Subject: re : lance cunningham  discussions with lance during his hire were intended to have lance start  prior to bonus and merit eligibility . therefore , lance accepted the position  under the impression he would be eligible for both bonus and merit .  kari oquinn  01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 45 pm  to : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : lance cunningham  lance cunningham , mgr , hired 10 / 2 / 00 , rated "" satisfactory "" has a $ 5 k ( 5 . 55 % )  equity inc indicated in gcs . please give more detail . i realize he was  rated ; however , he was hired after 10 / 1 and his rating is sat .",0,lance cunningham discussions lance hire intended lance start prior bonus merit eligibility therefore lance accepted position impression would eligible bonus merit kari oquinn pm norma villarreal hou ect ect cc subject lance cunningham lance cunningham mgr hired rated satisfactory k equity inc indicated gcs please give detail realize rated however hired rating sat
"Subject: sevil yaman  hi norma ,  sevil ' s primary project has been the generation bidding analysis for the east power desk . she worked closely with the power fundamentals group and the it group in collecting and organizing the data , and then developing the analysis . sha has focused on the pjm area and plans to expand the analysis to other regions in the east .  sevil has also investigated the issue of risk premia in power prices compared to marginal cost .  vasant",0,sevil yaman hi norma sevil primary project generation bidding analysis east power desk worked closely power fundamentals group group collecting organizing data developing analysis sha focused pjm area plans expand analysis regions east sevil also investigated issue risk premia power prices compared marginal cost vasant
"Subject: entrust your visual identity to us  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom desiqn of logos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketinq  toois wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amonqthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,entrust visual identity us thinking breathing new life business start revamping front endlogo visualidentity offer creative custom desiqn logos stationery web sites carefui hand thesepowerfui marketinq toois wili brinq breath fresh air business make stand amonqthe competitors ciick away future success click see samples artwork checkour prices hot offers interested
"Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  lf you invested time and money into your website , you  simpiy must submit your website  oniine otherwise it wiii be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  lf you want  peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do  that is to  make your site visibie in piaces  where peopie search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in muitiple search engines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  moshedelaney _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,know get search engine results submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically lf invested time money website simpiy must submit website oniine otherwise wiii invisible virtualiy means efforts spent vain lf want peopie know website boost revenues way make site visibie piaces peopie search information e submit website muitiple search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards moshedelaney interested
"Subject: research prc  please make sure that vince has the new location on his calendar - i think  shirley is out of the office  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by norma villarreal / hou / ect on 12 / 07 / 2000  04 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ramona perkins @ enron  12 / 06 / 2000 05 : 38 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , susan wimberley / hou / ect @ ect  subject : research prc  the prc meeting for research has been moved to eb 42 cl . please make the  necessary changes to vince ' s calendar . thanks .",0,research prc please make sure vince new location calendar think shirley office forwarded norma villarreal hou ect pm ramona perkins enron pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc norma villarreal hou ect ect susan wimberley hou ect ect subject research prc prc meeting research moved eb cl please make necessary changes vince calendar thanks
"Subject: 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  hello vince ,  my name is bernard murphy - i received your e - mail address from les clewlow ,  who was my phd supervisor at the financia options research centre at warwick  business school . i ' ve just finished my phd on electricity price jump  diffusions : a theoretical and empirical study in incomplete markets -  hence my interest in electricity price modelling and derivative pricing . i  was looking to get hold of a copy of your 1997 paper , which has recently  come to my attention :  "" the challenge of pricing & risk - managing electricity derivatives "" , the us  power market , risk publications , pp . 149 - 171 .  and les suggested that i contact you directly ( les is travelling at present  and doesn ' t have an electronic copy available ) to request an e - copy .  incidentally , i am lecturer in finance / financial mathematics at university  of limerick ( ireland ) and have taken a year out to work for caminus uk ,  where i am working on introducing and developing a markets - based approach  ( spark - spread ) to real asset valuations in the uk power industry .  thanks in advancve  bernard murphy",0,risk paper pricing electricity derivatives hello vince name bernard murphy received e mail address les clewlow phd supervisor financia options research centre warwick business school finished phd electricity price jump diffusions theoretical empirical study incomplete markets hence interest electricity price modelling derivative pricing looking get hold copy paper recently come attention challenge pricing risk managing electricity derivatives us power market risk publications pp les suggested contact directly les travelling present electronic copy available request e copy incidentally lecturer finance financial mathematics university limerick ireland taken year work caminus uk working introducing developing markets based approach spark spread real asset valuations uk power industry thanks advancve bernard murphy
"Subject: re : visit to enron  thanks . i will be flying back from tokyo on that day , so unfortunately i ' ll  miss bambos . if my schedule changes , i ' ll let you know .  all the best ,  tom  vince j kaminski @ ect  05 / 01 / 00 09 : 05 am  to : thomas d gros / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , ravi  thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : visit to enron  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2000  09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nick bambos on 05 / 01 / 2000 04 : 26 : 30 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : visit to enron  vince ,  how are you ? hope all is well .  is there any chance we can schedule my visit to enron on friday , may 19 ,  or friday , may 26 ?  by the end of april i was able to attract a top new student to work on the  project .  the other one for the coming year will be giuseppe . by spending the summer  at enron , he will be in a position to bring the new one up to speed and  create an intellectual team here at stanford to look at these problems .  i must move ahead soon to put the project in place and get the work going .  talk to you soon ,  nick  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > we can close the loop on our commitment to support the research projects  > before your visit to enron .  >  > my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you to set up a conference call  > with me , stinson gibner ,  > and tom gros from enron broadband services to discuss all the isssues .  > friday this week would work for  > both tom and me . i think we need about 15 minutes .  >  > vince  >  > p . s . shirley , nick ' s phone number is 650 796 8163 ( cell ) , 650 - 725 - 5525  > ( office ) .  >  > nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu  > cc :  > subject : visit to enron  >  > hello vince ,  >  > it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch  > we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the  > technical level and otherwise .  >  > i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for  > a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was  > clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule -  > mine is rather terrible :  >  > friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter  > sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron  > to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to  > visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in  > japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays .  >  > friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably  > is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within  > a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this  > research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be  > important for the student support funds to be in place then , so  > that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top  > talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have  > approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing "" soft  > commitments to star - level students "" to get this research and its  > potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought  > after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this  > competition .  >  > does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the  > project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the  > end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can  > happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may .  > i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets  > going . please let me know what you think .  >  > best regards ,  >  > nick",0,visit enron thanks flying back tokyo day unfortunately miss bambos schedule changes let know best tom vince j kaminski ect thomas gros hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject visit enron fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect nick bambos vince j kaminski enron com cc subject visit enron vince hope well chance schedule visit enron friday may friday may end april able attract top new student work project one coming year giuseppe spending summer enron position bring new one speed create intellectual team stanford look problems must move ahead soon put project place get work going talk soon nick vince j kaminski enron com wrote nick close loop commitment support research projects visit enron assistant shirley crenshaw call set conference call stinson gibner tom gros enron broadband services discuss isssues friday week would work tom think need minutes vince p shirley nick phone number cell office nick bambos pm vince j kaminski enron com bambos stanford stanford edu cc subject visit enron hello vince nice seeing stanford many thanks lunch together really enjoyed discussions technical level otherwise promised send e mail regarding possible dates visit enron delayed week till schedule clearer let see get match schedule mine rather terrible friday st april looks good april rd easter sunday may make difficult people enron around let know case willing visit week scheduled japan previous weeks committed fridays friday th may next possibility probably far main problem operating within window opportunity attracting top students research window closes end april would important student support funds place make hard commitments students attract top talent already reviewing files students approached phd advising mode soft commitments star level students get research potential radar screen top students highly sought advisors want early player competition visit enron happen set project student support stanford end april important getting top people visit happen get ball rolling schedule may assume multiple visits ways project gets going please let know think best regards nick
"Subject: career opportunity  dear mr . kaminski :  i recently sent you a copy of my resume and am just  following up to see if it reached you without any problems ? i know you  are a very busy professional and i would like to apologize for any  inconvienence i have caused . i am just very dedicated in trying to  obtain a career with your very well - respected company . i would really  like to put my expereince and education to work for enron , as well as  establish my life around the company . i am looking for an entry - level  postion if that ' s what it takes to bulid my life and family enron  corporation . once again mr . kaminski , i am deeply apologetic for taking  up any of your time . any information you could help me with about my  resume would be greatly appreciated . thank you for your valuable time .  warmest regards ,  eric hilton",0,career opportunity dear mr kaminski recently sent copy resume following see reached without problems know busy professional would like apologize inconvienence caused dedicated trying obtain career well respected company would really like put expereince education work enron well establish life around company looking entry level postion takes bulid life family enron corporation mr kaminski deeply apologetic taking time information could help resume would greatly appreciated thank valuable time warmest regards eric hilton
"Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website  online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to  make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your  website in multiple search engines .  submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  myrtice melendez",1,business depend online success website submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website online otherwise invisible virtually means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues way make site visible places people search information e submit website multiple search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards myrtice melendez
"Subject: re : request for suggestions : vince ' s visit to sydney in july  raymond ,  i shall call you on sunday after my arrival in sydney .  look forward to meeting you again .  i shall be ready to speak on all the topics you mentioned .  vince  raymond yeow @ enron _ development  07 / 09 / 2000 09 : 07 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shirley crenshaw @ ect  subject : re : request for suggestions : vince ' s visit to sydney in july  dear vince ,  after getting our heads together here ,  we would much apprecaite if you could share the research group ' s latest on  - - -  - var ie "" . . . repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk . . . ""  as well as cover additional topics viz .  - discuss , with application , enrons internal v @ r model , and how this is used  internally .  - discuss volatility modelling , and whether it is possible to maintain and  trade a term structure of volatility in electricity  - modelling forward curves with reference to associated markets ( eg oil ) .  can we gain some insights through spreads to related market curves ( spark ) .  i assume your hotel is booked already . catching the taxi is the best way to  get to your hotel .  since you are arriving on the weekend , if you need to contact me - my mobile  is 0417 - 692295 , home tel / fax  is 9232 - 8892  rgds raymond  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by raymond yeow / enron _ development on  07 / 07 / 2000 04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 20 am  to : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : raymond yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : your visit to sydney in july  paul , raymond ,  thanks for your message .  sorry i did not get in touch with you earlier . the last few weeks were very  hectic . i am starting  right now my preparations for the presentation i am going to give at the  conference .  here are the details of my itinerary ( i shall send you a copy tomorrow ) . i  arrive sunday morning  and leave saturday morning . the conference takes place on monday and tuesday .  on wednesday , i am making a presentation at the workshop on value - at - risk . i  would  like to stay at the conference for the duration : it ' s a great learning  opportunity for me .  on thursday and friday , as well as in the evenings ( except for the evening  of july 18 ) , i am at you disposal .  i would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as i can  about the australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda .  i shall be glad to make several presentation .  i can repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk as well as cover  additional  topics .  vince  paul quilkey @ enron _ development  07 / 04 / 2000 05 : 23 am  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : your visit to sydney in july  vince  i support raymond ' s email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give  a presentation ( formal or informal ) to the trading group on latest research  initiatives in houston . please let us know your schedule so that we do not  overly burden you during your visit . look forward to seeing you and catching  up over a beer .  thnx  paul  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paul quilkey / enron _ development on  07 / 05 / 2000 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  raymond yeow  07 / 04 / 2000 08 : 21 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development , kirsty hogarth / enron _ development , elliott  katz / enron _ development , david gray / enron _ development  subject : your visit to sydney in july  dear vince ,  hi ! , it ' s only two weeks until the aust energy risk ( 17 - 19 july ) seminar in  sydney .  is risk organising your hotel ?  otherwise , kirsty can organise for you ,  eg harbour view at the regent or convenience to the seminar location at the  sheraton ?  we would like to make sure that you have all the necessary "" comforts "" of home  when you are with us ,  elliott & david can set up a desk for you in the office / trading room with  phone etc  so you can use one of our pc to access email or plug in your laptop .  please let elliott or david kmow your requirements .  how long will you be with us ?  is this your first trip to sydney ?  there are several of us in the office who would like to take you for a  meal ( s ) / show you the sights etc and  discuss the latest research findings with you whilst you are in sydney eg var .  hear from you soon .  raymond  725 pm 4 july",0,request suggestions vince visit sydney july raymond shall call sunday arrival sydney look forward meeting shall ready speak topics mentioned vince raymond yeow enron development pm vince j kaminski ect cc paul quilkey enron development enron development shirley crenshaw ect subject request suggestions vince visit sydney july dear vince getting heads together would much apprecaite could share research group latest var ie repeat workshop presentation value risk well cover additional topics viz discuss application enrons internal v r model used internally discuss volatility modelling whether possible maintain trade term structure volatility electricity modelling forward curves reference associated markets eg oil gain insights spreads related market curves spark assume hotel booked already catching taxi best way get hotel since arriving weekend need contact mobile home tel fax rgds raymond forwarded raymond yeow enron development pm vince j kaminski ect paul quilkey enron development enron development cc raymond yeow enron development enron development vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject visit sydney july paul raymond thanks message sorry get touch earlier last weeks hectic starting right preparations presentation going give conference details itinerary shall send copy tomorrow arrive sunday morning leave saturday morning conference takes place monday tuesday wednesday making presentation workshop value risk would like stay conference duration great learning opportunity thursday friday well evenings except evening july disposal would like take advantage trip learn much australian markets discuss research agenda shall glad make several presentation repeat workshop presentation value risk well cover additional topics vince paul quilkey enron development vince j kaminski ect cc subject visit sydney july vince support raymond email would welcome opportunity give presentation formal informal trading group latest research initiatives houston please let us know schedule overly burden visit look forward seeing catching beer thnx paul forwarded paul quilkey enron development raymond yeow pm vince j kaminski ect cc paul quilkey enron development kirsty hogarth enron development elliott katz enron development david gray enron development subject visit sydney july dear vince hi two weeks aust energy risk july seminar sydney risk organising hotel otherwise kirsty organise eg harbour view regent convenience seminar location sheraton would like make sure necessary comforts home us elliott david set desk office trading room phone etc use one pc access email plug laptop please let elliott david kmow requirements long us first trip sydney several us office would like take meal show sights etc discuss latest research findings whilst sydney eg var hear soon raymond pm july
Subject: software store  http : / / infinity . realoemsales . com / ? a = 3107,1,software store http infinity realoemsales com
"Subject: marketpoint business plan summary  greg ,  e - commerce related proposal from dale nesbitt .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 16 / 2000  10 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" dale nesbitt "" on 04 / 06 / 2000 01 : 47 : 15 am  to :  cc :  subject : marketpoint business plan summary  vince :  thanks very much for your interest in our marketpoint product , and thanks  for the hour you gave me this morning . as promised , i am enclosing our  executive summary and first chapter from our business plan for you to take  forward to your management as a prospective enron - marketpoint investment  collaboration . i want to reiterate that should enron elect to be the lead  investor here , you will be exclusive in your industry if you want . if enron  wants to be the lead and ensure the entire second round of resources we  need , we would not offer and investment opportunity to other trading  companies , pipelines , or electrics until the third or subsequent rounds and  then only with your participation as a marketpoint board member . i am aware  you have coinvested with sap in the past and that you might want to coinvest  with them again . i presume you would not have a problem with  non - competitors such as epri , our management consulting service provider  partner , or our vc partner ( but i would want guidance from you in this  arena ) . i think you would find our vc partner very suitable and very  attractive . they have done several interesting energy and trading plays ,  and they would provide good management skills i believe . i hope we can move  forward together . i am looking forward to a positive response . thanks  again and best regards .  dale nesbitt  ps : you might hear from drew ries of your investments group . i spoke with  him after speaking with you about many of the same issues .  - longexecsum . doc",0,marketpoint business plan summary greg e commerce related proposal dale nesbitt vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect dale nesbitt cc subject marketpoint business plan summary vince thanks much interest marketpoint product thanks hour gave morning promised enclosing executive summary first chapter business plan take forward management prospective enron marketpoint investment collaboration want reiterate enron elect lead investor exclusive industry want enron wants lead ensure entire second round resources need would offer investment opportunity trading companies pipelines electrics third subsequent rounds participation marketpoint board member aware coinvested sap past might want coinvest presume would problem non competitors epri management consulting service provider partner vc partner would want guidance arena think would find vc partner suitable attractive done several interesting energy trading plays would provide good management skills believe hope move forward together looking forward positive response thanks best regards dale nesbitt ps might hear drew ries investments group spoke speaking many issues longexecsum doc
"Subject: does financial freedom interest you ?  easy 30 - 50 % return ?  learn how you can receive a monthly check for 3 , 4 , or 5 %  a month until your initial investment is paid off . . . then a  monthly check for over 4 % a month for years to come . . .  we know it sounds impossible , but it ' s happening today .  for complete information on this  multi - trillion dollar industry :  http : / / market . pakoa . com / cl 6  to opt out :  please go to our "" "" opt - out "" "" website :  [ jk 9 ^ "" : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ]",1,financial freedom interest easy return learn receive monthly check month initial investment paid monthly check month years come know sounds impossible happening today complete information multi trillion dollar industry http market pakoa com cl opt please go opt website jk h tgobk nkiys
"Subject: [ ilug ] wilson kamela  attn : sir / madan  strictly confidential .  i am pleased to introduce myself to you . my name is mr . wilson kamela a native of south africa and a senior employee of mines and natural resources department currently on a trainning course in holland for few months .  i am writing this letter to request your assistance in order to redeem an investment with the south african mining corporation . the said investment , now valued at ( $ 15 . 5 million dollars ) fifteen million , five hundred thousand dollars only was purchased by lucio harper and contracted out to the south african mining corporation in 1977 now recognised as mines and natural resources department . this redeemable investment interest , has now matured since march last year .  since march last year , several attempts have been made to contact lucio harper without success and there is no way to contact any of his close relatives in whose favour the investment cash value can be paid .  since we have access to all lucio harper ' s information , we can claim this money with the help of my partners with the south african mines and natural resources department . all we have to do is to file claim using you as lucio harper ' s relative .  i will like to assure you that there is absolutely nothing to worry about , because it is perfectly safe with no risk involved . please ensure to keep this matter strictly confidential . my partner will file a claim for this money on your behalf from the southafrican mining corporation . when the claim is approved , you as the beneficiary  will be paid ( 25 % ) of the total amouth .  since this money can be paid directly into any bank account of your choice , you have responsibility to ensure that my partner and ireceive ( 70 % ) of the total amouth . while the balance ( 5 % ) will be set aside for any unforseen expenses in the cause of transfering this money .  i will appreciate if you can give your assurance and guarantee that our share will be well secured . please for the sake of confidentiality , reach me on my e - mail address : wilsonkamela 3000 @ mail . com . please let me know if this proposal is acceptable to you . kindly reach me immediately with any of the stated contact addresses so that better clearifications  relating to the transaction will be explained to you .  truly yours ,  wilson kamela .  - -  irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug wilson kamela attn sir madan strictly confidential pleased introduce name mr wilson kamela native south africa senior employee mines natural resources department currently trainning course holland months writing letter request assistance order redeem investment south african mining corporation said investment valued million dollars fifteen million five hundred thousand dollars purchased lucio harper contracted south african mining corporation recognised mines natural resources department redeemable investment interest matured since march last year since march last year several attempts made contact lucio harper without success way contact close relatives whose favour investment cash value paid since access lucio harper information claim money help partners south african mines natural resources department file claim using lucio harper relative like assure absolutely nothing worry perfectly safe risk involved please ensure keep matter strictly confidential partner file claim money behalf southafrican mining corporation claim approved beneficiary paid total amouth since money paid directly bank account choice responsibility ensure partner ireceive total amouth balance set aside unforseen expenses cause transfering money appreciate give assurance guarantee share well secured please sake confidentiality reach e mail address wilsonkamela mail com please let know proposal acceptable kindly reach immediately stated contact addresses better clearifications relating transaction explained truly wilson kamela irish linux users group ilug linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo ilug un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: i believe all of you received a request from jeremy blachman to hold the  afternoon of january 10 th open for an off - site to discuss the manner in which  rac and research assess / test the credit quality of ees transactions . i  realize that rac and ees have had many discussions as to the methodology , but  it might be helpful for all of us to understand the actual derivation of some  of analysis . please call me with any questions or comments at ext # 30349 .  the agenda will be as follows :  12 : 00 - 1 : 00 lunch  1 : 00 - 3 : 30 presentations  3 : 30 - to close discussion  rac / research presentations  the following topics would be of interest to ees :  1 - the derivation of default probabilities including ( research )  - - a discussion of the actual mathematical process ,  - - the analytics behind why these computations are deemed the best for  enron ,  - - a comparison to historic default rates and why they differ ( in respect  to actual default rates , shape of the cumulative default curves etc .  2 - the volatilities which are used to determine possible loss scenarios for  the commodity portion of ees deals including ( research )  - - the selection of curves  - - the application of those curves to the actual credit reserve model and  - - why these particular tests are applicable to our products .  3 - the recovery rates used in the credit reserve model . how are these  figures derived ? ( rac )  4 - how rac and research have adjusted the credit reserve model to  accommodate unusual aspects of the deal including ( rac )  - - promotion payments ,  - - accounts receivable  - - committed capital  - - and other factors  ees also understands that some of you may be familiar with our processes ,  however , there are perhaps areas that you would like to understand more  fully . please tell us what you would like to hear from us .  also , rac has sent us the credit reserve model and i have seen completed  models . perhaps prior to our meeting on wednesday , someone from rac and / or  research could sit with me and someone from phil layton ' s group and go  through the process of how the various pieces are put together .",0,believe received request jeremy blachman hold afternoon january th open site discuss manner rac research assess test credit quality ees transactions realize rac ees many discussions methodology might helpful us understand actual derivation analysis please call questions comments ext agenda follows lunch presentations close discussion rac research presentations following topics would interest ees derivation default probabilities including research discussion actual mathematical process analytics behind computations deemed best enron comparison historic default rates differ respect actual default rates shape cumulative default curves etc volatilities used determine possible loss scenarios commodity portion ees deals including research selection curves application curves actual credit reserve model particular tests applicable products recovery rates used credit reserve model figures derived rac rac research adjusted credit reserve model accommodate unusual aspects deal including rac promotion payments accounts receivable committed capital factors ees also understands may familiar processes however perhaps areas would like understand fully please tell us would like hear us also rac sent us credit reserve model seen completed models perhaps prior meeting wednesday someone rac research could sit someone phil layton group go process various pieces put together
"Subject: eprm article  hi vince ,  ?  i ' m sorry you weren ' t around in sydney this week . you missed a very good  book launch party that john martin organised here for us . paul made a short  speech in which he relayed some great comments which he said came from ? you -  thanks very much !  ?  please find attached the next eprm article . its not really tided up fully  from our end yet , but i wanted to send it off before the weekend in case you  got chance to look at it . because of the easter break robin is after it by  thursday of next week .  ?  best regards .  ?  chris .  ?  - eprm _ 10 _ fwd _ curve _ simulation . doc",0,eprm article hi vince sorry around sydney week missed good book launch party john martin organised us paul made short speech relayed great comments said came thanks much please find attached next eprm article really tided fully end yet wanted send weekend case got chance look easter break robin thursday next week best regards chris eprm fwd curve simulation doc
"Subject: european power web call replay  mr . vincent j . kaminski  managing director  enron capital & trade resources corp .  dear mr . kaminski :  on june 8 last , we held a special web - based conference call pertaining to a  new cera multiclient study , "" the future of european power : electricity  without borders "" . ? participants in this complimentary call learned first - hand  some of the initial results of the study , and how the study provides a  framework for evaluating current and future company strategies .  we are pleased to announce the availability of the recorded presentation on  our website . ? to view the presentation , please visit our website at : ?  the presentation focused on the study scope and approach , and its underlying  analysis . ? in addition , the link above will also provide access to the  prospectus for the study , including the deliverables and enrollment  information . ? if your organization has not yet enrolled in the study , we urge  you to consider doing so at this time .  should you have any questions either about this study , or about any aspect of  cera ' s european power services then please contact me by reply email or  directly by phone in paris at + 33 1 42 44 10 18 .  sincerely ,  david callanan  dcallanan @ cera . com  should you have trouble reaching the website using the link above , please go  to ? http : / / www . cera . com / offerings / mcs / eurpow 99 / ?  our relationship with you is very important to us . ? if you wish not to  receive e - mail notifications from cera , please send a reply to this message  with "" donotemail "" as the subject of your message . (  mailto : info @ cera . com ? subject = donotemail ) ",0,european power web call replay mr vincent j kaminski managing director enron capital trade resources corp dear mr kaminski june last held special web based conference call pertaining new cera multiclient study future european power electricity without borders participants complimentary call learned first hand initial results study study provides framework evaluating current future company strategies pleased announce availability recorded presentation website view presentation please visit website presentation focused study scope approach underlying analysis addition link also provide access prospectus study including deliverables enrollment information organization yet enrolled study urge consider time questions either study aspect cera european power services please contact reply email directly phone paris sincerely david callanan dcallanan cera com trouble reaching website using link please go http www cera com offerings mcs eurpow relationship important us wish receive e mail notifications cera please send reply message donotemail subject message mailto info cera com subject donotemail
Subject: claim your free home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value .  claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) .  by exclusiverewards  qprkelmv,1,claim free home depot gift card value claim home depot gift card value sure find use gift card area exclusiverewards qprkelmv
"Subject: research prc next steps  the pep system is no longer available to accept feedback from reviewers . if  necessary , you can still call the employee ' s reviewers who have not submitted  feedback via the pep system . verbal feedback can be included as part of the  consolidated review .  the following is a list of action items for next steps for supervisors :  action item deadline  print consolidated feedback wednesday , nov 22  thanksgiving holidays thursday - friday november 23 - 24  review / approve employees peer group and supervisor ( hr will provide report  by 11 / 21 ) tuesday , november 28  pre - rank employees based on consolidated feedback tuesday , november 28  send pre - rankings to norma via encrypted e : mail wednesday , november 29  vince will review pre - rankings monday , december 4 , 2000  ena research prc meeting friday , december 8  written / verbal review provided to employee december 20 - january 20  signed review form due to hr january 27 , 2000  forward to appropriate parties , with sensitivity of the confidentiality of  this information . if you have questions regarding the prc process please  feel free to call me .  norma villarreal  x 31545",0,research prc next steps pep system longer available accept feedback reviewers necessary still call employee reviewers submitted feedback via pep system verbal feedback included part consolidated review following list action items next steps supervisors action item deadline print consolidated feedback wednesday nov thanksgiving holidays thursday friday november review approve employees peer group supervisor hr provide report tuesday november pre rank employees based consolidated feedback tuesday november send pre rankings norma via encrypted e mail wednesday november vince review pre rankings monday december ena research prc meeting friday december written verbal review provided employee december january signed review form due hr january forward appropriate parties sensitivity confidentiality information questions regarding prc process please feel free call norma villarreal x
"Subject: re : houston visit with vince kaminski  good afternoon shirley ,  it is great that vince is available on 4 / 19 . w . r . t . the attached from  vince , let ' s go for the afternoon slot on 4 / 19 . i look forward to seeing  you both @ lpm on 4 / 19 . have a great w / e .  many thanks ,  soussan  ( 914 ) 253 4187  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , march 31 , 2000 12 : 53 pm  to : faizs @ texaco . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : re : houston visit  soussan ,  my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you regarding the time of the  meeting .  right now the afternoon is open .  i look forward to meeting you on the 19 th .  vince  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shirley crenshaw [ mailto : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , march 31 , 2000 1 : 00 pm  to : faizs @ texaco . com  subject : houston visit with vince kaminski  good afternoon :  vince kaminski is available on wednesday , april 19 th from 8 : 00 - 11 : 00 am  and 1 : 00 - 4 : 00 pm . please let me know what time is more convenient for  you .  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  713 - 853 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 31 / 2000  11 : 50  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" faiz , soussan "" on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 31 : 18 pm  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : houston visit  dear vince ,  greetings from ny & hope all is well . as you may recall from the rog real  options conference in ny , i ' d indicated the opportunity to visit with you  next time i ' m in houston . i ' ll be there during 4 / 18 - 4 / 21 & wonder if we can  pls meet on wed . 4 / 19 in your offices . would appreciate it if you can pls  let me know whether you ' re available then ( i ' m flexible on the schedule  particulars ) . if not , pls let me know whether 4 / 18 ( afternoon ) , 4 / 20  ( afternoon ) , or 4 / 21 ( morning ) will work for you .  i really look forward to the opportunity & would appreciate to learn more  about how you ' ve instigated the real options thinking in enron and  especially its integration within the organizational & incentive matters .  many thanks ,  soussan faiz  mgr . of global valuation services  texaco inc .  ( 914 ) 253 - 4187",0,houston visit vince kaminski good afternoon shirley great vince available w r attached vince let go afternoon slot look forward seeing lpm great w e many thanks soussan original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent friday march pm faizs texaco com cc vince j kaminski enron com shirley crenshaw enron com subject houston visit soussan assistant shirley crenshaw call regarding time meeting right afternoon open look forward meeting th vince original message shirley crenshaw mailto shirley crenshaw enron com sent friday march pm faizs texaco com subject houston visit vince kaminski good afternoon vince kaminski available wednesday april th pm please let know time convenient shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect faiz soussan pm vkamins enron com cc subject houston visit dear vince greetings ny hope well may recall rog real options conference ny indicated opportunity visit next time houston wonder pls meet wed offices would appreciate pls let know whether available flexible schedule particulars pls let know whether afternoon afternoon morning work really look forward opportunity would appreciate learn instigated real options thinking enron especially integration within organizational incentive matters many thanks soussan faiz mgr global valuation services texaco inc
"Subject: changes in option valuation in enpower  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 08 : 33 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : harry arora / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 21 / 2001 07 : 26 am  to : sanjay gupta / enron @ enronxgate , steve nat / enron @ enronxgate  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : changes in option valuation in enpower  sanjay  wanted to confirm the changes to the option valuations in the enpower we  discussed yesterday evening .  1 . currently the trader volatility inputs are the daily vol curve and the  intra - monthly vol curve . the monthly options get marked directly to the  monthly curve ( plus the smile ) and the monthlies get marked to a time blend  of monthly and intra - month vol ( plus the skew ) .  we want to change the valuation ( for the eastern books ) so that the dailies  get marked to the intramonth curve ( which we want to call the daily curve )  and the monthly gets marked to the monthly curved . there will be not vol  blending done by the enpower system for the daily and monthly option  valuations . we want to make this change very soon ( by early next week )  2 . currently there exists one smile for every region , which is specified in  terms of volatility additive for specified dollar difference from the  underlying . since different months in a region can trade in a large range  ( $ 35 - $ 150 ) - this cannot result in accurate skew for all terms . what we  need is a system which has skew per month .  we suggest , for the short term , the skew should apply only to the summer  daily expiration options . we need to make this change by early next week .  however , we need to start modifing the system so that for every region we  can enter a grid which has a percentage scale and specifies the skew  differently for each month . research , has implemented this in our pricing  model , and we would like this grid to be input into the valuation system . i  am enclosing the pricing model ( which we both discussed yesterday ) for  reference . this model is however , work under construction , so pls call alex  huang for clarifications .  3 . the vol input system is complex and confusing .  i would very much be interested in moving to a direct database interface ,  which accomodates the skew inputs per region as in . we should implement a  ui which can input the dailies and monthlies at the moneys and the skew grid  directly - so that we do not need to go through multiple iterations .  i am very much interested in what we currently are releasing in delphi and  would love an early implementation for options .  on all these issues , i am speaking for the east desk . i am going to touch  base with west guys and see if they are on board with these changes .  thanks  harry",0,changes option valuation enpower forwarded zimin lu hou ect harry arora enron enronxgate sanjay gupta enron enronxgate steve nat enron enronxgate cc zimin lu hou ect ect subject changes option valuation enpower sanjay wanted confirm changes option valuations enpower discussed yesterday evening currently trader volatility inputs daily vol curve intra monthly vol curve monthly options get marked directly monthly curve plus smile monthlies get marked time blend monthly intra month vol plus skew want change valuation eastern books dailies get marked intramonth curve want call daily curve monthly gets marked monthly curved vol blending done enpower system daily monthly option valuations want make change soon early next week currently exists one smile every region specified terms volatility additive specified dollar difference underlying since different months region trade large range result accurate skew terms need system skew per month suggest short term skew apply summer daily expiration options need make change early next week however need start modifing system every region enter grid percentage scale specifies skew differently month research implemented pricing model would like grid input valuation system enclosing pricing model discussed yesterday reference model however work construction pls call alex huang clarifications vol input system complex confusing would much interested moving direct database interface accomodates skew inputs per region implement ui input dailies monthlies moneys skew grid directly need go multiple iterations much interested currently releasing delphi would love early implementation options issues speaking east desk going touch base west guys see board changes thanks harry
"Subject: re : daily lunches  kevin ,  please , talk to jeff shankman ' s secretary about including all the research  group members on  the 31 st floor in the company provided lunches ( when they are available ) .  if an additional lunch is needed from time to time , it ' s fine , but it should  be seen as a something done  under exceptional circumstances .  vince  kevin g moore  12 / 20 / 99 12 : 10 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : daily lunches  hi vince ,  it has been brought to my attention that several  members of the weather team may require a  lunch from time to time .  the person right now is trisha tlapek she  has to be at her desk .  please , could i provide daily lunches for her .  thanks  kevin moore",0,daily lunches kevin please talk jeff shankman secretary including research group members st floor company provided lunches available additional lunch needed time time fine seen something done exceptional circumstances vince kevin g moore pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject daily lunches hi vince brought attention several members weather team may require lunch time time person right trisha tlapek desk please could provide daily lunches thanks kevin moore
"Subject: re : youyi  vince , this will be perfect for us . we will work with shirley while keeping  you and krishna informed of the timing and location of the move . i will also  speak with youyi tomorrow about our plans . many thanks , kim .  vince j kaminski @ ect  01 / 16 / 2001 01 : 39 pm  to : kimberly watson / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : youyi  hi kim ,  i don ' t see any problem . for the time being , he can keep his desk on the 19 th  floor as  well ( and the same phone number ) . it will be helpful when he has to work  closely with krishna  under time constraint .  at some point , as we hire more people and run out of space , we can move him  completely to  your floor .  please , ask your assistant to call shirley and arrange the move .  vince  kimberly watson @ enron  01 / 12 / 2001 04 : 21 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  subject : youyi  hi vince !  i hope you and a nice christmas and new year ! it ' s nice to be back and in  the full swing of the new year .  i have a question for you . i spoke with krishna prior to him leaving for  india about the possibility of moving youyi up to our floor so that we can  work closer with him . krishna thought that this would be a good idea . it  would be great to have youyi with us soon so that he will be intimately  involved with the whole approach of our prototype model . although krishna  will be back at the end of the month , would you mind if i speak with youyi  and begin the paperwork for moving him onto our floor ? i ' m not sure if  krishna has mentioned this to youyi yet . i did not want to surprise anyone  and wanted to run this by you or krishna for final approval .  many thanks , kim .",0,youyi vince perfect us work shirley keeping krishna informed timing location move also speak youyi tomorrow plans many thanks kim vince j kaminski ect pm kimberly watson et enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject youyi hi kim see problem time keep desk th floor well phone number helpful work closely krishna time constraint point hire people run space move completely floor please ask assistant call shirley arrange move vince kimberly watson enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect subject youyi hi vince hope nice christmas new year nice back full swing new year question spoke krishna prior leaving india possibility moving youyi floor work closer krishna thought would good idea would great youyi us soon intimately involved whole approach prototype model although krishna back end month would mind speak youyi begin paperwork moving onto floor sure krishna mentioned youyi yet want surprise anyone wanted run krishna final approval many thanks kim
"Subject: meeting to discuss research support to ees  sharon / carol :  jeremy blachman called vince kaminski and requested a meeting to  discuss additional research support for ees , as soon as possible . the  participants in this meeting would be :  jeremy blachman  marty sunde  vince kaminski  krishna krishnarao  the soonest vince and krishna are available would be thursday ,  october 26 at the following times :  9 : 00 - 10 : 00 am  1 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm  and friday , october 27 th :  8 : 30 - 10 : 30 am  1 : 00 - 2 : 30 pm  please let me know what time would be best for marty and jeremy .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  3 - 5290",0,meeting discuss research support ees sharon carol jeremy blachman called vince kaminski requested meeting discuss additional research support ees soon possible participants meeting would jeremy blachman marty sunde vince kaminski krishna krishnarao soonest vince krishna available would thursday october following times pm friday october th pm please let know time would best marty jeremy thanks shirley crenshaw
"Subject: you can get a quote from 4 major lenders without giving personal info ! tijqsemw  you can get a quote at 4 lenders with no personal info ! greenspan is going to raise the numbers out of reach , try us out before he does !  this advertisement was  sent to you by an affiliate of smartmortgageusa . if you have any  questions , you may contact us at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o .  box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to remove yourself  from future smartmortgageusa mailings please click  here to here to go to the website and select the unsubscribe link at  the bottom of the page . if you wish to unsubscribe from future mailings  from this email publisher please follow their listed instructions .  xipwtobnf",1,get quote major lenders without giving personal info tijqsemw get quote lenders personal info greenspan going raise numbers reach try us advertisement sent affiliate smartmortgageusa questions may contact us offer attn smartmortgageusa p box san francisco ca wish remove future smartmortgageusa mailings please click go website select unsubscribe link bottom page wish unsubscribe future mailings email publisher please follow listed instructions xipwtobnf
Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership in your area .  start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . we ' re giving away a limited number of gold memberships in your area .  kklynszb,1,start shopping costco today complimentary gold membership area start shopping costco today free gold membership giving away limited number gold memberships area kklynszb
"Subject: re : gsia visit  duane ,  sorry i will miss you . i have a meeting with chester already on my schedule .  vince  ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu on 10 / 31 / 2000 03 : 40 : 40 pm  to : "" vince j kaminski ""  cc : "" chester s spatt "" , "" pierre - philippe ste - marie ""  subject : gsia visit  vince ,  this friday during your visit i will be in california for a cousin ' s  wedding . i am having miserable luck connecting with you . however , while  you are at gsia , chester spatt ( one of my co - authors ) would like to meet  with you if your schedule permits . i am copying him on this email so you  can contact him directly . please also let peirre ( who is also copied on this  email ) know whatever you work out .  see you next time i hope ,  duane  * * * * * * * *  duane seppi  graduate school of industrial administration  carnegie mellon university  pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890  tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298  fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896  email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu",0,gsia visit duane sorry miss meeting chester already schedule vince ds cyrus andrew cmu edu pm vince j kaminski cc chester spatt pierre philippe ste marie subject gsia visit vince friday visit california cousin wedding miserable luck connecting however gsia chester spatt one co authors would like meet schedule permits copying email contact directly please also let peirre also copied email know whatever work see next time hope duane duane seppi graduate school industrial administration carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa tel fax email ds andrew cmu edu
"Subject: steven roeder ( chemical engineer )  vince ,  i do not think that there is match with our group but i forwarded steve ' s  resume  to ford cooper and joe phalen of the water group .  regards ,  osman",0,steven roeder chemical engineer vince think match group forwarded steve resume ford cooper joe phalen water group regards osman
"Subject: re : fw : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  thanks for the update . kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 2 : 08 pm  to : watson , kimberly  cc : gadd , eric ; kaminski , vince  subject : re : fw : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  kim ,  i talked to dale early this morning and suggested that we meet during his  next trip to houston  when we decide on timing of our project .  vince  from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 08 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , eric gadd / et & s / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : fw : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince ,  if dale comes in to see you , it looks like eric might be available to meet  with you as well . it would be a good opportunity for eric to meet dale and  get a little more information on his model . eric ' s phone number is x 54713 .  thanks ,  kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gadd , eric  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 8 : 12 pm  to : watson , kimberly  subject : re : fw : get together this coming tuesday ?  works for me . give me a call at 9 : 30 .  from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 09 pm  to : eric gadd / et kaminski , vince  subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ?  dale ,  please , call me on tuesday . my morning schedule is full but i am open in the  afternoon .  vince  >  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 : 21 am  please respond to  to : "" vincent kaminski "" , "" kimberly s . watson ""  cc :  subject : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince / kim :  i am flying to houston tonight and wondered if it would fit one or both of  your schedules to get together this coming tuesday sometime for 1 / 2 hour or  so . i really want to reinitiate the conversations marketpoint was having  with john goodpasture and you , and he said either or both of you were the  right people to continue after his responsibility shift . john was quite  positive about the idea of enron acquiring marketpoint narg through license ,  and he implied that one or both of you would be carrying the ball in that  direction after he handed it to you .  would this coming tuesday morning at 930 am be a good time for you guys ? if  so , please give me an email shout at the above address or leave a message on  my voicemail at ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 . i think you will be truly impressed with the  scope and progress we have been able to make with both the short run narg  and the long run narg in which you were interested ( not to mention our power  model ) . the progress is noticeable since you saw it . both long and short  term narg are having quite an impact on a number of gas decisions at the  moment ranging from venezuelan lng , north american lng import terminals and  term , gas basis calculations , trading support , power plant development ,  gas - to - power price spreads in key markets , veracity of heat rate trades ,  bank financings , storage field evaluation , and which new pipelines we can  expect to see enter and which are dogs .  i really hope we can fit it in and get our discussions moving in a mutually  productive direction again . i think narg can help you become even more  successful , and i look forward to working with you .  we have a new office address and new phone number as well . ( we move in may  1 . )  altos management partners  95 main street , suite 10  los altos , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 948 - 8830 voice  ( 650 ) 948 - 8850 fax  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 cellular  give the phones a week or so to get "" debugged "" and then switch over .  dale",0,fw fw get together coming tuesday thanks update kim original message kaminski vince sent tuesday may pm watson kimberly cc gadd eric kaminski vince subject fw fw get together coming tuesday kim talked dale early morning suggested meet next trip houston decide timing project vince kimberly watson enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect eric gadd et enron enron cc subject fw fw get together coming tuesday vince dale comes see looks like eric might available meet well would good opportunity eric meet dale get little information model eric phone number x thanks kim original message gadd eric sent monday april pm watson kimberly subject fw get together coming tuesday works give call kimberly watson enron enronxgate pm eric gadd et kaminski vince subject get together coming tuesday dale please call tuesday morning schedule full open afternoon vince dale nesbitt please respond vincent kaminski kimberly watson cc subject get together coming tuesday vince kim flying houston tonight wondered would fit one schedules get together coming tuesday sometime hour really want reinitiate conversations marketpoint john goodpasture said either right people continue responsibility shift john quite positive idea enron acquiring marketpoint narg license implied one would carrying ball direction handed would coming tuesday morning good time guys please give email shout address leave message voicemail think truly impressed scope progress able make short run narg long run narg interested mention power model progress noticeable since saw long short term narg quite impact number gas decisions moment ranging venezuelan lng north american lng import terminals term gas basis calculations trading support power plant development gas power price spreads key markets veracity heat rate trades bank financings storage field evaluation new pipelines expect see enter dogs really hope fit get discussions moving mutually productive direction think narg help become even successful look forward working new office address new phone number well move may altos management partners main street suite los altos ca voice fax cellular give phones week get debugged switch dale
"Subject: re : rabi de  anything we can do ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 09 / 15 / 2000 08 : 34  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : toni graham @ enron 09 / 14 / 2000 07 : 36 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : rabi de  grant , i did talk with tanya this evening however since i ' m on vacation  friday i wanted to outline here what rabi has discussed with me .  1 ) title . . . . . he is currently at a vp level and we are offering him manager  2 ) sign on bonus . . . . . . . . . . . the 15 k is not coving the lost bonus he will  receive at he current co ( $ 25 k )  3 ) salary . . . . . . . . . . . he will receive a "" risk premium "" of approx 10 % befor  tax . he is not able to quantify this for us and i was not able to get a  number out of him as to what he is looking for .  he is very enthusiastic and wants to work for enron but wanted to see if we  could do anything to enhance our offer in these areas .  toni  from : grant masson @ ect 09 / 14 / 2000 08 : 58 am  to : toni graham / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : rabi de  toni :  i am talking to vince today . please call me if there are any further  developments i should know about .  regards ,  grant .",0,rabi de anything forwarded grant masson hou ect enron north america corp toni graham enron pm grant masson hou ect ect cc norma villarreal hou ect ect subject rabi de grant talk tanya evening however since vacation friday wanted outline rabi discussed title currently vp level offering manager sign bonus k coving lost bonus receive current co k salary receive risk premium approx befor tax able quantify us able get number looking enthusiastic wants work enron wanted see could anything enhance offer areas toni grant masson ect toni graham corp enron enron cc subject rabi de toni talking vince today please call developments know regards grant
"Subject: re : hi  zeigham ,  we discussed two options ( not necessarily mutually exclusive ) :  1 . summer internship  2 . full employment .  are you interested exclusively in full employment ?  i need the answer asap , as we are going to discuss the additional summer  intern positions this afternoon .  vince  zkhokher @ mail . utexas . edu on 04 / 11 / 2000 01 : 06 : 14 pm  to :  cc :  subject : hi  vince :  it was very nice talking to you at the texas finance festival and i think  the telecom market that enron is entering is very interesting and very  lucrative . ? i would be very interested in working in that segment for enron .  ?  however , i talked to sheridan about this oppurtunity and he said that it is  probably going to be another six months before i finish my dissertation . ? so  while i am definitely interested , the start date will probably have to be  around that time . ?  ?  at any rate , it was a pleasure meeting you again and hopefully once i have  defended my dissertation ? we can discuss employment oppurtunities in greater  detail .  ?  ?  regards  zeigham  zkhokher @ mail . utexas . edu  512 - 471 - 1676",0,hi zeigham discussed two options necessarily mutually exclusive summer internship full employment interested exclusively full employment need answer asap going discuss additional summer intern positions afternoon vince zkhokher mail utexas edu pm cc subject hi vince nice talking texas finance festival think telecom market enron entering interesting lucrative would interested working segment enron however talked sheridan oppurtunity said probably going another six months finish dissertation definitely interested start date probably around time rate pleasure meeting hopefully defended dissertation discuss employment oppurtunities greater detail regards zeigham zkhokher mail utexas edu
Subject: lng meeting  bjorn :  the lng meeting will be held tomorrow the 17 th of may at 11 : 00 pm  houston time . the phone number for the conference room is :  713 / 853 - 3135  thanks !  shirley,0,lng meeting bjorn lng meeting held tomorrow th may pm houston time phone number conference room thanks shirley
"Subject: enron earth day "" trash bash ""  enron is hosting a special event on saturday , march 31 st . the first annual  enron "" trash bash "" to clean up the banks of buffalo bayou between shepherd  drive and sam houston park .  i am chairing the check - in team which consists of :  registering all of the volunteers  handing out enron t - shirts and caps  passing out gloves and garbage bags  making clean up section assignments  for anyone who might be interested in helping me , please call me at ext .  30329 .  also , we need a lot of volunteers to walk along buffalo bayou and pick up  trash . this would be a great family project , a good project for your childs  youth group or boy scout or girl scout troop . it will also be fun . they  will have live bands , lyou get an enron t - shirt and enron baseball cap , lunch  will be served at sam houston park and there are a lot of good door prizes .  if you want to volunteer for the "" trash bash "" clean up , just show up at sam  houston park on saturday , march 31 , 2001 , at 8 am to register . clean up  starts at 9 am and lunch will be served at 11 : 00 am and after lunch door  prizes will be drawn and then you can go home feeling like you have done your  part for houston ' s waterway environment .  i hope you will think about it and bring your friends , family , ect . and help  enron clean up the environment .  thanks , anita",0,enron earth day trash bash enron hosting special event saturday march st first annual enron trash bash clean banks buffalo bayou shepherd drive sam houston park chairing check team consists registering volunteers handing enron shirts caps passing gloves garbage bags making clean section assignments anyone might interested helping please call ext also need lot volunteers walk along buffalo bayou pick trash would great family project good project childs youth group boy scout girl scout troop also fun live bands lyou get enron shirt enron baseball cap lunch served sam houston park lot good door prizes want volunteer trash bash clean show sam houston park saturday march register clean starts lunch served lunch door prizes drawn go home feeling like done part houston waterway environment hope think bring friends family ect help enron clean environment thanks anita
"Subject: hardcore sex & orgies ! ! !  hot girls fucking hard ! ! !  click here to see  click here to see  click here to see  * over 150 , 000 xxx pictures  * 125 , 000 + sex videos  * 100 ' s of livecams & shows  * erotic stories & adult chat rooms  * new content added every  day !  click here to enter  click here to see  click here to see  click here to see  this newsletter is not unsolicited . the email address has been subscribed to our mailing list . if you would like to stop receiving this newsletter , just click here to unsubscribe and we ' ll block your email address immediately . ",1,hardcore sex orgies hot girls fucking hard click see click see click see xxx pictures sex videos livecams shows erotic stories adult chat rooms new content added every day click enter click see click see click see newsletter unsolicited email address subscribed mailing list would like stop receiving newsletter click unsubscribe block email address immediately
"Subject: re : real world option pricing  tom ,  thanks . i shall try to pick up the paper tonight .  the e - mail caught me in a better place than an air conditioned place .  i am in australia and it ' s winter here .  vince  tom arnold on 07 / 20 / 2000 11 : 44 : 43 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : real world option pricing  hey vince ,  since i saw you last , the "" real world option princing "" paper has taken on  some more interesting results . tim crack and i would certainly like your  comments on the previous version and current version because we feel there  are still more areas to explore , such as , value at risk . here is where you  can download the paper :  i hope this e - mail finds you in air conditioned room away from the heat .  tom",0,real world option pricing tom thanks shall try pick paper tonight e mail caught better place air conditioned place australia winter vince tom arnold vince j kaminski enron com cc subject real world option pricing hey vince since saw last real world option princing paper taken interesting results tim crack would certainly like comments previous version current version feel still areas explore value risk download paper hope e mail finds air conditioned room away heat tom
"Subject: load forecasting project schedule  based on the discussions we had on monday , august 14 th , the preliminary  project timeline shown below , and your request that some gas supply planning  personnel be available to review and assist with the work :  data collection : august 15 to september 14  model design and building : september 15 to october 14  interface design and building : october 15 to november 15  gas supply planning proposes the following schedule for visits to houston :  ketra schmitt : september 18 , 19 , 20 ( model structure )  john wirick : october 23 , 24 , 25 ( model test and interface basics )  jake norment : november 6 , 7 , 8 ( interface refinement )  we understand that we should fly into houston international and stay at  either the hyatt downtown or the doubletree to be near the enron office at  1400 smith street .  looking forward to an interesting and successful project .  john p . wirick , jr .  ext . 4910  the information transmitted is intended only for the person  or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential  and / or privileged material . any review , retransmission ,  dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action in  reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the  intended recipient is prohibited . if you received this in error , please  contact the sender and delete the material from any computer .",0,load forecasting project schedule based discussions monday august th preliminary project timeline shown request gas supply planning personnel available review assist work data collection august september model design building september october interface design building october november gas supply planning proposes following schedule visits houston ketra schmitt september model structure john wirick october model test interface basics jake norment november interface refinement understand fly houston international stay either hyatt downtown doubletree near enron office smith street looking forward interesting successful project john p wirick jr ext information transmitted intended person entity addressed may contain confidential privileged material review retransmission dissemination use taking action reliance upon information persons entities intended recipient prohibited received error please contact sender delete material computer
"Subject: re : just to her . . .  mdaemon has indentified your message as spam . it will not be delivered .  from : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org  to : s . denham @ capitalspreads . com  subject : * * * spam * * * score / req : 25 . 38 / 08 . 00 - just to her . . .  message - id :  yes , hits = 25 . 4 required = 8 . 0 tests = ab _ uri _ rbl , html _ 50 _ 60 , html _ fontcolor _ red , html _ message , mime _ html _ only , spamcop _ uri _ rbl , ws _ uri _ rbl autolearn = no version = 2 . 64  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  * 0 . 1 html _ fontcolor _ red body : html font color is red * 0 . 2 html _ 50 _ 60 body : message is 50 % to 60 % html * 0 . 1 mime _ html _ only body : message only has text / html mime parts * 0 . 0 html _ message body : html included in message * 8 . 0 spamcop _ uri _ rbl uri ' s domain appears in spamcop database at sc . surbl . org * [ bjefladghikm . extra - m . info is blacklisted in uri ] [ rbl at multi . surbl . org ] * 9 . 0 ws _ uri _ rbl uri ' s domain appears in ws database at ws . surbl . org * [ bjefladghikm . extra - m . info is blacklisted in uri ] [ rbl at multi . surbl . org ] * 8 . 0 ab _ uri _ rbl uri ' s domain appears in ab . surbl . org * [ bjefladghikm . extra - m . info is blacklisted in uri ] [ rbl at multi . surbl . org ]  : message contains [ 1 ] file attachments",1,mdaemon indentified message spam delivered projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org denham capitalspreads com subject spam score req message id yes hits required tests ab uri rbl html html fontcolor red html message mime html spamcop uri rbl ws uri rbl autolearn version html fontcolor red body html font color red html body message html mime html body message text html mime parts html message body html included message spamcop uri rbl uri domain appears spamcop database sc surbl org bjefladghikm extra info blacklisted uri rbl multi surbl org ws uri rbl uri domain appears ws database ws surbl org bjefladghikm extra info blacklisted uri rbl multi surbl org ab uri rbl uri domain appears ab surbl org bjefladghikm extra info blacklisted uri rbl multi surbl org message contains file attachments
"Subject: rice / enron seminar series  fyi !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 15 / 2000  02 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  barbara ostdiek on 09 / 15 / 2000 02 : 39 : 53 pm  to : ostdiek @ rice . edu  cc :  subject : rice / enron seminar series  jones graduate school research seminar series in finance  sponsored by enron corp .  jeff pontiff  university of washington  will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , september 22 , ?   & market valuation of tax - timing options : evidence from capital gains  distributions .  8  the seminar will begin at 3 : 30 in room 115 .  a word file with the paper is available through the seminar website  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / .  there have also been several updates to the schedule in the last week or ten  days .",0,rice enron seminar series fyi shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm barbara ostdiek pm ostdiek rice edu cc subject rice enron seminar series jones graduate school research seminar series finance sponsored enron corp jeff pontiff university washington give seminar jones school friday september market valuation tax timing options evidence capital gains distributions seminar begin room word file paper available seminar website http www ruf rice edu jgsfss also several updates schedule last week ten days
"Subject: re : cplex  i agree . i ( or chonawee ) will go ahead and place the order for cplex . i think  that this will provide us with a great set of tools .  - samer  pinnamaneni krishnarao @ ect  05 / 24 / 00 01 : 34 pm  to : samer takriti / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron , tom  halliburton / corp / enron @ enron  cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , chonawee  supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : cplex  i talked to vince about the optimization software issue . vince said that if  there are technical reasons for having two different packages and the  benefits outweigh the costs of maintaining two licenses , we can go ahead and  buy both . in my view , it is a great advantage to have both , as each has its  own strengths relative to the other . we have spent some time trying to come  up with one package that solves all of our problmes without success . there is  no point is wasting more time on this effort . let ' s go ahead and purchase  both .  krishna .  from : samer takriti @ enron communications on 05 / 24 / 2000 10 : 22 am  to : tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron  cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : cplex  tom ,  vince prefers to have one software package ( if possible ) . it is my  understanding that special ordered sets are recognized automatically  ( internally ) by cplex . this seems to be the case for both cplex and osl  according to ampl ' s web page and other references ( check  lorderedsetsfeature ) . as a result , the cplex people feel that there is no  need to provide the user with the tools to represent special - ordered sets in  opl . as a matter of fact , the incapability of xpress to recognize them  automatically concerns me .  if you have special requirements , c code may be used to pass the information  to the solver ( which is straight forward ; all of chonawee ' s testing was done  this way ) . chonawee ' s benchmark shows a superior performance by cplex ( which  you indicated yourself in an earlier message ) .  if you feel that xpress is the only way to go , then feel free to purchase it  ( the purchase order is on hold for the time being ) . however , we need to check  with vince first . i strongly feel that we should have one solver in order to  minimize cost and contractual headaches .  let us try to get this issue resolved by this afternoon . thanks .  - samer",0,cplex agree chonawee go ahead place order cplex think provide us great set tools samer pinnamaneni krishnarao ect pm samer takriti enron communications enron communications enron tom halliburton corp enron enron cc grant masson hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject cplex talked vince optimization software issue vince said technical reasons two different packages benefits outweigh costs maintaining two licenses go ahead buy view great advantage strengths relative spent time trying come one package solves problmes without success point wasting time effort let go ahead purchase krishna samer takriti enron communications tom halliburton corp enron enron cc grant masson hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect chonawee supatgiat corp enron enron subject cplex tom vince prefers one software package possible understanding special ordered sets recognized automatically internally cplex seems case cplex osl according ampl web page references check lorderedsetsfeature result cplex people feel need provide user tools represent special ordered sets opl matter fact incapability xpress recognize automatically concerns special requirements c code may used pass information solver straight forward chonawee testing done way chonawee benchmark shows superior performance cplex indicated earlier message feel xpress way go feel free purchase purchase order hold time however need check vince first strongly feel one solver order minimize cost contractual headaches let us try get issue resolved afternoon thanks samer
"Subject: stentofon  goodmorning liz ,  we are in need of another stentofon for trisha tlapek .  she works very closely with the traders and it is important  for quick communication .  thanks  kevin moore",0,stentofon goodmorning liz need another stentofon trisha tlapek works closely traders important quick communication thanks kevin moore
"Subject: re : response from lenos  steve ,  i shall e - mail you my standard real option spin presentation + plus a  presentation on enron  ( for analysts ) . you can use a few slides to introduce the company .  i would prefer not to disseminate the information about the use of amc . the  industry  does not know about it yet and i consider it a very powerful tool ( given its  flexibility ) .  i have the files on my laptop . i shall bring it to work to morrow  and send it to you .  please , remind me about it on thursday ( old age and the hectic pace here start  showing up ) .  vince  steven leppard  04 / 26 / 2000 05 : 09 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : response from lenos  vince  lenos got back to me , and said he ' d prefer a high - level overview of real  options in enron , perhaps using my notation to express the ideas . he wants  me to keep away from the technicalities of my work .  would you send me your ( usual ) powerpoint presentation on real options , and  i ' ll look at manipulating it to include my diagrams . my own efforts to date  have been on fairly limited power plant modelling / asset development , and i  obviously don ' t have the high - level view you have . this will ensure i get  the full range of real option type deals in my presentation .  if required i could present the real option problems i have analysed , namely :  1 . maintenance scheduling in power plant operation ;  2 . gas storage ;  3 . power plant asset development , which would include ( 1 ) as a sub - tree .  i will also need your advice on whether i can talk about the fact that we  prefer american monte carlo to build our trees . i haven ' t used amc myself up  till now , i ' ve been carrying out static optimizations , with different price  curve scenarios being run through .  i ' m still working on selling the full stochastic dynamic programming approach  - people are just getting to the stage of accepting my deterministic dp , and  they ' re still being supplied with useful products , as per my "" real options  strategy "" document .  cheers ,  steve",0,response lenos steve shall e mail standard real option spin presentation plus presentation enron analysts use slides introduce company would prefer disseminate information use amc industry know yet consider powerful tool given flexibility files laptop shall bring work morrow send please remind thursday old age hectic pace start showing vince steven leppard vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject response lenos vince lenos got back said prefer high level overview real options enron perhaps using notation express ideas wants keep away technicalities work would send usual powerpoint presentation real options look manipulating include diagrams efforts date fairly limited power plant modelling asset development obviously high level view ensure get full range real option type deals presentation required could present real option problems analysed namely maintenance scheduling power plant operation gas storage power plant asset development would include sub tree also need advice whether talk fact prefer american monte carlo build trees used amc till carrying static optimizations different price curve scenarios run still working selling full stochastic dynamic programming approach people getting stage accepting deterministic dp still supplied useful products per real options strategy document cheers steve
"Subject: re : thank you !  frank ,  thanks a lot . look forward to meeting you again  on campus .  vince  "" frank qian "" on 11 / 05 / 2000 05 : 10 : 06 pm  to :  cc :  subject : thank you !  dear mr . kaminski :  it ' s a great pleasure to have you visiting us and a great honor to have  dinner with you . i ' d like to thank you for your wonderful presentation . it ' s  the most interesting topic we had so far . this is not just my personal  opinion , all my classmates i talked to agree with me . i like enron ' s style  and culture and i think it played a big role in enron ' s success . i look  forward to discuss career opportunities at enron during your on - campus  interview session .  regards ,  frank qian  fqian @ andrew . cmu . edu",0,thank frank thanks lot look forward meeting campus vince frank qian pm cc subject thank dear mr kaminski great pleasure visiting us great honor dinner like thank wonderful presentation interesting topic far personal opinion classmates talked agree like enron style culture think played big role enron success look forward discuss career opportunities enron campus interview session regards frank qian fqian andrew cmu edu
"Subject: happy new year , and some new year ' s resolutions  with the new year , we would like to institute some rules within the research  group . this applies to everybody in research and is at the express request  of vince , but i am just sending it to my reports ( and their reports ) as of  now .  people are expected to report to work in the morning around 8 : 00 am to 8 : 30  am but no later than 8 : 30 am . this is primarily because our clients from  other groups typically start calling around 8 : 00 am and we need to be  responsive . of course , once in a while if something urgent comes up then  this may be relaxed but you are responsible for letting both your supervisor  and your assistant ( anita and / or shirley ) know in advance .  i am trying to come up with a schedule that will allow me to get updated on  all the work that you guys are doing , and i will probably set this up next  week after vince finishes drawing up the overall directions for the group for  2001 .  thanks ,  vasant",0,happy new year new year resolutions new year would like institute rules within research group applies everybody research express request vince sending reports reports people expected report work morning around later primarily clients groups typically start calling around need responsive course something urgent comes may relaxed responsible letting supervisor assistant anita shirley know advance trying come schedule allow get updated work guys probably set next week vince finishes drawing overall directions group thanks vasant
"Subject: re : term papers  please respond to  here is the excel file ( zipped ) . you have to unzip to read it .  felix  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  felix feng lu  mba candidate , class 2001  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  phone - 713 . 942 . 8472 / fax - 714 . 908 . 7914  monfan @ rice . edu  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , may 04 , 2001 5 : 30 pm  to : monfan @ rice . edu  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com ; jason . sokolov @ enron . com ;  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : term papers  felix ,  please , resend me the term papers of your group , each as a separate file .  please send it to my aol address as well as work address .  my aol address is vkaminski @ aol . com  my home phone number is 281 367 5377 .  vince  - feng lu . vcf  - modelingproject . zip",0,term papers please respond excel file zipped unzip read felix felix feng lu mba candidate class jesse h jones graduate school management rice university phone fax monfan rice edu original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent friday may pm monfan rice edu cc vkaminski aol com jason sokolov enron com vince j kaminski enron com subject term papers felix please resend term papers group separate file please send aol address well work address aol address vkaminski aol com home phone number vince feng lu vcf modelingproject zip
"Subject: congratulations  vince : congratulations on your promotion . i know it is well deserved ! i  have not seen you in a while since i am not riding the woodlands bus much  these days . i am expecting a baby for the end of february 2000 and it is  much easier to drive than to ride the bus !  take care and congratulations again ,  darlene norris",0,congratulations vince congratulations promotion know well deserved seen since riding woodlands bus much days expecting baby end february much easier drive ride bus take care congratulations darlene norris
"Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  lf you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it wiil be invisible virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain .  lf you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visibie in places  where people search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in multiple search enqines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best reqards ,  simonnemayer _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,know get search engine results submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically lf invested time money website simply must submit website oniine otherwise wiil invisible virtuaily means efforts spent vain lf want people know website boost revenues oniy way make site visibie places people search information e submit website multiple search enqines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best reqards simonnemayer interested
"Subject: cell phone weather service for outdoorsmen font - size : 12 px ; padding : 5 px "" > free trial : start your 14 day free trial now ! locks in your discount !  - or -  subscribe now : start your discounted full subscription right away !  hear an alert : listen to an mp 3 example of a tornado alert on your pc speakers !  more information : go to the weatherwave website for more info .  get weatherwave now !  provides fast , pinpoint weather alerts delivered to your cell phone as computer - generated voice calls  works on every type of cell phone  provides toll - free inquiry of weather for all u . s . cities ( and for coastal boaters , all u . s . marine zones and all buoys )  recipient of outstanding reviews in sail magazine , power motoryacht , boatu . s . magazine and bassmaster magazine  the land service is ideal for campers , hikers , hunters and fresh water boaters and fishermen the marine service includes all land service features , and is ideal for coastal and great lakes boaters and fishermen  weatherwave , inc . 11654 plaza american dr . # 748 reston , va 20190 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,cell phone weather service outdoorsmen font size px padding px free trial start day free trial locks discount subscribe start discounted full subscription right away hear alert listen mp example tornado alert pc speakers information go weatherwave website info get weatherwave provides fast pinpoint weather alerts delivered cell phone computer generated voice calls works every type cell phone provides toll free inquiry weather u cities coastal boaters u marine zones buoys recipient outstanding reviews sail magazine power motoryacht boatu magazine bassmaster magazine land service ideal campers hikers hunters fresh water boaters fishermen marine service includes land service features ideal coastal great lakes boaters fishermen weatherwave inc plaza american dr reston va e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: re : parking space at 777 clay street for summer interns  hi louis :  we will take it !  listed below are the individuals that will be using the spot .  june lst - july 30 th vince kaminski  july 31 st - august 18 th matthew williams ( london )  august 21 st - sept . 15 th steven leppard ( london )  sept . 18 th - oct . 13 th kirstee hewitt ( london )  oct . 16 th - nov . 10 th ben parsons ( london )  june lst - july 30 th should be billed to vince kaminski - co . # 0011 and  rc # 100038  july 31 st - nov . 10 th should be billed to the london office - i have  requested their co # and rc # and will forward it to you when i get it .  thanks louis !  shirley crenshaw  3 - 5290  louis allen @  ect  06 / 01 / 2000 10 : 11 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect @ enron  cc :  subject : re : parking space at 777 clay street for summer interns  hi shirley ,  i have one ( 1 ) space available at 777 clay garage .  please let me know who the summer intern is thats needing a space .  please advise asap .  thanks , louis  shirley crenshaw @ ect  05 / 15 / 2000 11 : 36 am  to : louis allen @ enron  cc :  subject : parking space at 777 clay street for summer interns  good morning louis :  we would like to requst a parking spot at 777 clay street for the months of  june , july , august and september .  we will have 3 employees from the london office that will be rotating on  special assignment to our group .  is there a way that we can go ahead and reserve the spot and i will let  you know the car information and driver information as they come ?  our co . # is 0011 and our rc # is 100038 .  thanks !  shirley  3 - 5290",0,parking space clay street summer interns hi louis take listed individuals using spot june lst july th vince kaminski july st august th matthew williams london august st sept th steven leppard london sept th oct th kirstee hewitt london oct th nov th ben parsons london june lst july th billed vince kaminski co rc july st nov th billed london office requested co rc forward get thanks louis shirley crenshaw louis allen ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect enron cc subject parking space clay street summer interns hi shirley one space available clay garage please let know summer intern thats needing space please advise asap thanks louis shirley crenshaw ect louis allen enron cc subject parking space clay street summer interns good morning louis would like requst parking spot clay street months june july august september employees london office rotating special assignment group way go ahead reserve spot let know car information driver information come co rc thanks shirley
"Subject: re : ( no subject )  great ,  please , let me know . there are several good films playing currently .  vince  jlpnymex @ aol . com on 04 / 04 / 2000 10 : 09 : 28 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : ( no subject )  vince ,  i will check with david and get back with you . i still want to hear about  your california trip .  jana",0,subject great please let know several good films playing currently vince jlpnymex aol com vince j kaminski enron com cc subject subject vince check david get back still want hear california trip jana
"Subject: video conference scheduling  in order to improve the video conferencing services offered to the enron  community , the video conference group will be implementing the following  procedural changes . these changes will be effective immediately .  conference scheduling :  please route all video conference requests via email to ' videoconference '  ( one word ) or by phone to 713 - 345 - 8500 ( x 5 - 8500 ) . once room reservations are  complete , conferences will be scheduled and confirmation notices sent to the  requestor via email . each requestor will receive a confirmation notice the  business day preceding scheduled conferences .  the following information will be required for all conference requests :  requestor name and contact number  sites to be included in the conference  site contact names along with associated phone numbers  date , time and duration of conference  company number / rc or cost center of requestor  preferred conference rooms ( near - end and far - end )  technical problems :  should problems arise during a video conference , call 713 - 345 - 8555 and a  technician will be immediately dispatched  thanks in advance for your cooperation ,  video conferencing support",0,video conference scheduling order improve video conferencing services offered enron community video conference group implementing following procedural changes changes effective immediately conference scheduling please route video conference requests via email videoconference one word phone x room reservations complete conferences scheduled confirmation notices sent requestor via email requestor receive confirmation notice business day preceding scheduled conferences following information required conference requests requestor name contact number sites included conference site contact names along associated phone numbers date time duration conference company number rc cost center requestor preferred conference rooms near end far end technical problems problems arise video conference call technician immediately dispatched thanks advance cooperation video conferencing support
"Subject: re : the package  dear vince ,  thank you very much for your e - mail and for acknowledging receipt of my  package .  i am really excited about the opportunity to see you soon . i am available  every  day at the first half of february , except for february 8 after 2 pm . ( i will  give a presentation at the southern methodist university ) .  please let me know if it is more convenient for you to see me in houston and i  will be happy to fly there .  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  valery",0,package dear vince thank much e mail acknowledging receipt package really excited opportunity see soon available every day first half february except february pm give presentation southern methodist university please let know convenient see houston happy fly look forward hearing sincerely valery
"Subject: re : summer work . .  jinbaek ,  thanks for your message .  we have a number of additional fascinating projects that you can work  on . as a matter of fact , it would be great to have you here earlier .  vince  "" jinbaek kim "" on 05 / 02 / 2001 05 : 18 : 32 am  to : , "" raghavan , suresh ""  , "" mesquita , ross ""  cc :  subject : summer work . .  long time no see ,  how have you been . . . must be busy and living a challenging life ?  i have been pretty busy too ,  to finish a project and write a paper , these days .  everything looks going ok for my summer internship .  i took necessary steps to work out of campus , and sent  signed contract to molly a week ago . .  here is what i am expecting to do in the summer .  please let me know if you have any change in mind .  actually , i wonder a little bit if dealbench changed its business model . . .  and maybe you got priority in something different  because it has been quite a while since we talked .  i ' d like to what ' s going on in dealbench team . . .  raghavan and ross ,  if we talk over phone it will be great !  dr . kaminski ,  if you think there is something else interesting to work with during the  summer ,  to both you and i , please let me know .  my interest is auction , market design , and simulation .  i am taking a financial engineering class , ( mostly on option pricing )  and working on electricity generator valuation problem based on  spark spread option .  all of you ,  let ' s keep in touch until we meet in june ! !  best regards ,  jinbaek  tentative work period : 6 / 4 - 8 / 4  1 . tasks :  1 ) survey on auctions : the state of art  single - item auction , multi - unit auction , sequential auction ,  multi - attribute auction , combinatorial auction  - theoretical  - experimental  - algorithmical  2 ) deal bench ' s auction model analysis  2 . deliverables :  1 ) 3 presentations :  - lst presentation : around 6 / 30 : on different auction types and researches  - 2 nd presentation : around 7 / 15 : the state of art in auction studies  - 3 rd presentation : around 8 / 1 : deal bench ' s model analysis  2 ) report :  summary of auction study in laymen ' s term  deal bench ' s model analysis",0,summer work jinbaek thanks message number additional fascinating projects work matter fact would great earlier vince jinbaek kim raghavan suresh mesquita ross cc subject summer work long time see must busy living challenging life pretty busy finish project write paper days everything looks going ok summer internship took necessary steps work campus sent signed contract molly week ago expecting summer please let know change mind actually wonder little bit dealbench changed business model maybe got priority something different quite since talked like going dealbench team raghavan ross talk phone great dr kaminski think something else interesting work summer please let know interest auction market design simulation taking financial engineering class mostly option pricing working electricity generator valuation problem based spark spread option let keep touch meet june best regards jinbaek tentative work period tasks survey auctions state art single item auction multi unit auction sequential auction multi attribute auction combinatorial auction theoretical experimental algorithmical deal bench auction model analysis deliverables presentations lst presentation around different auction types researches nd presentation around state art auction studies rd presentation around deal bench model analysis report summary auction study laymen term deal bench model analysis
Subject: considered unsolicited bulk email from you  your message to :  - > distmatu @ agrocom . com . ar  was considered unsolicited bulk e - mail ( ube ) .  subject : just to her . . .  return - path :  delivery of the email was stopped !,1,considered unsolicited bulk email message distmatu agrocom com ar considered unsolicited bulk e mail ube subject return path delivery email stopped
"Subject: re : stanford project  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 03 / 2001  08 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner  12 / 27 / 2000 05 : 04 pm  to : nick bambos @ enron  cc :  subject : re : stanford project  nick ,  hope you had a nice christmas . best wishes for the new year .  it would certainly be great to see you and to meet eric some time in the next  few months . everyone here  was very impressed with giuseppe and we are eager to have another of your  students come to enron .  enron broadband is continuing to evolve and the current vision is to rely on  enron ' s trading expertise while trying to  minimize our role as an engineering company and innovator of technology . i  spoke recently with jim fallon , the current  head trader in ebs , and we put together a short list of topics of interest  where you might be able to help educate us .  i put these in the order of interest ( to mr . fallon ) .  1 . where will bandwidth prices go ? the direction of prices , obviously is  the concern of any trader . we realize that  technological innovation will continue to drive down prices , but are still  interested in trying to quantify how fast prices will fall ,  if there are likely to be certain bottlenecks in the fiber network where you  could see prices stable or rising for some length of time ,  if there are applications on the horizon which would use such prodigious  amounts of bandwidth as to have some effect on pricing ,  and if there is a rational way of trying to quantify the timing and effect on  prices of new technologies .  the term "" bandwidth "" might primarily mean lit fiberoptic capacity , but could  also incompass dark fiber , or ip transit and transport  pricing .  2 . during the last year , enron purchased a company known as "" warpspeed "" in  order to acquire their metarouter technology . to quote from the enron press  release :  "" metarouter sends signals throughout distributed networks to determine the  optimal connectivity paths for any size bandwidth capacity from anywhere in  the world . capable of processing thousands of connections per second ,  metarouter significantly enhances enron  , s ability to automate circuit  provisioning . ""  there may be two separate questions to ask here . first , in the context of  the current market ( or the market which may develop in the next 1 - 2 years ) ,  will the metarouter be a commercially viable product ? that is , will it  address an actual need in the market , or would it be more cost effective just  to use technicians with jumper cables to provision circuits ?  the second question ( our first real technical question ) : is the metarouter  technology scalable ? before starting on this project , vince and i will  need to make the proper introductions with the principles who are  implementing this technology .  3 . aggregation of loads . a recurring question comes from a number of areas  such as ip , network storage , and streaming media transport sales : what  value can i get form aggregating customers , each of which has some type of  stochastic load profile ? giuseppe touched on this problem as it relates to  ip transport , but it may be interesting to try and look in more detail .  the main stumbling block may be that we currently have basically no actual  customer data . i am told that in a few months we will have some more useful  history . my understanding is that what will be available will be 5 - minute  averages of usage , so we still will not know on a short time scale what the  distribution of load looks like .  i hope that this gives you enough information to get some idea of what our  concerns are at this point . please let me know your thoughts about these  topics . i would expect , for instance that question number 1 may not be  reasonable as a research project , but might be a question which you would  feel comfortable in addressing by giving us your qualitative opinions , maybe  in the form of a talk here at enron .  again , let me know your thoughts , and i look forward to seeing you again  soon .  stinson  nick bambos on 12 / 20 / 2000 12 : 14 : 40 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  subject : stanford project  hello vince and stinson ,  first of all ,  best wishes for happy holidays ! ! ! !  if you are in the stanford area during the holidays , let ' s get together  some time to have dinner .  i have formally established the project - thanks again for funding  it - and i have also recruited the second phd student . his name is  eric cope , and he is a top - notch student , very mature , and entrepreneurial !  we have started working on some interesting problems in this area . i would  hope that eric could spend the coming summer at enron to get immersed into  the "" problem / opportunity generation environment . "" that really helps the  student  to develop a realistic vision about their research .  perhaps , our whole team could visit enron again some time in the next quarter ,  say in march or so , to discuss the research issues we are pursuing . and of  course  you could visit us before that too .  with my warmest wishes ,  nick",0,stanford project forwarded stinson gibner hou ect stinson gibner pm nick bambos enron cc subject stanford project nick hope nice christmas best wishes new year would certainly great see meet eric time next months everyone impressed giuseppe eager another students come enron enron broadband continuing evolve current vision rely enron trading expertise trying minimize role engineering company innovator technology spoke recently jim fallon current head trader ebs put together short list topics interest might able help educate us put order interest mr fallon bandwidth prices go direction prices obviously concern trader realize technological innovation continue drive prices still interested trying quantify fast prices fall likely certain bottlenecks fiber network could see prices stable rising length time applications horizon would use prodigious amounts bandwidth effect pricing rational way trying quantify timing effect prices new technologies term bandwidth might primarily mean lit fiberoptic capacity could also incompass dark fiber ip transit transport pricing last year enron purchased company known warpspeed order acquire metarouter technology quote enron press release metarouter sends signals throughout distributed networks determine optimal connectivity paths size bandwidth capacity anywhere world capable processing thousands connections per second metarouter significantly enhances enron ability automate circuit provisioning may two separate questions ask first context current market market may develop next years metarouter commercially viable product address actual need market would cost effective use technicians jumper cables provision circuits second question first real technical question metarouter technology scalable starting project vince need make proper introductions principles implementing technology aggregation loads recurring question comes number areas ip network storage streaming media transport sales value get form aggregating customers type stochastic load profile giuseppe touched problem relates ip transport may interesting try look detail main stumbling block may currently basically actual customer data told months useful history understanding available minute averages usage still know short time scale distribution load looks like hope gives enough information get idea concerns point please let know thoughts topics would expect instance question number may reasonable research project might question would feel comfortable addressing giving us qualitative opinions maybe form talk enron let know thoughts look forward seeing soon stinson nick bambos pm vince j kaminski enron com cc stinson gibner enron com subject stanford project hello vince stinson first best wishes happy holidays stanford area holidays let get together time dinner formally established project thanks funding also recruited second phd student name eric cope top notch student mature entrepreneurial started working interesting problems area would hope eric could spend coming summer enron get immersed problem opportunity generation environment really helps student develop realistic vision research perhaps whole team could visit enron time next quarter say march discuss research issues pursuing course could visit us warmest wishes nick
"Subject: re : dinner with your training colleague 11 / 15 ?  ehud ,  november 15 is a bad day for me . i shall be in san antonio for our  annual management conference .  practically everybody who counts in enron will be there .  still no response from louise . i shall catch her tomorrow  in person .  vince  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 11 / 07 / 2000 09 : 04 : 36 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : dinner with your training colleague 11 / 15 ?  vince ,  good morning .  further to our conversation thereon during your austin visit 10 / 11 , i am  writing at this time to inquire whether we might schedule a circa 7 p . m .  dinner next wed . 11 / 15 , to include the participation of your enron training  arm colleague . we could then discuss ut partcipation in enron training  activities , as well as the forthcoming spring 2001 conference .  best ,  ehud  ehud i . ronn  jack s . josey professor in energy studies  department of finance  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,dinner training colleague ehud november bad day shall san antonio annual management conference practically everybody counts enron still response louise shall catch tomorrow person vince ehud ronn vince j kaminski enron com cc subject dinner training colleague vince good morning conversation thereon austin visit writing time inquire whether might schedule circa p dinner next wed include participation enron training arm colleague could discuss ut partcipation enron training activities well forthcoming spring conference best ehud ehud ronn jack josey professor energy studies department finance mccombs school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketing toois  will bring a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a click  away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front end logo visuai identity loqodentity offers creative custom design logos stationery web sites carefui hand powerfui marketing toois bring breath fresh air business make stand among competitors click away future success ciick see sampies artwork check prices hot offers
"Subject: re : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  i will ask him which specific directories he needs to access .  - - stinson  vince j kaminski  11 / 22 / 2000 08 : 08 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  stinson ,  should we do it ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000  08 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  arsystem @ mailman . enron . com on 11 / 21 / 2000 07 : 04 : 54 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  this request has been pending approval for 2 days and you are the  alternate . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000007876  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 11 / 20 / 00 2 : 36 : 29 pm  requested for : stewart . range @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory",0,approval overdue access request stewart range enron com ask specific directories needs access stinson vince j kaminski stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject approval overdue access request stewart range enron com stinson vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect arsystem mailman enron com pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject approval overdue access request stewart range enron com request pending approval days alternate please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date pm requested stewart range enron com resource name enehou houston common research read write resource type directory
"Subject: re : best wishes for the holiday period  ehud ,  best holiday wishes to you and your family .  i owe you an apology for dropping the ball on the conference  i have approached a number of executives at enron . greg whalley speaks in  london a day  before . louise kitchen , the mother of enrononline will ski ( this is the week  of school holidays in england and her family will come here ) .  one suggestion i want to make is rick causey . i talked to him and he is  willing to  be a speaker . he is a very senior and important executive of enron and a ut  grad .  any thoughts ?  vince  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 09 : 41 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : best wishes for the holiday period  vince ,  at the conclusion of another year , and prior to my departure tomorrow with  my family for our annual florida vacation , best wishes for the holiday  period to you and your family .  regarding the spring 2001 energy finance conference participation , we still  lack that all - important 2 / 22 enron energy - related high - level keynote  speaker . let me know if you think we should look elsewhere .  best regards ,  ehud  ehud i . ronn  jack s . josey professor in energy studies  department of finance  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0,best wishes holiday period ehud best holiday wishes family owe apology dropping ball conference approached number executives enron greg whalley speaks london day louise kitchen mother enrononline ski week school holidays england family come one suggestion want make rick causey talked willing speaker senior important executive enron ut grad thoughts vince ehud ronn pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject best wishes holiday period vince conclusion another year prior departure tomorrow family annual florida vacation best wishes holiday period family regarding spring energy finance conference participation still lack important enron energy related high level keynote speaker let know think look elsewhere best regards ehud ehud ronn jack josey professor energy studies department finance mccombs school business university texas austin austin tx voice fax internet eronn mail utexas edu
Subject: ljm update  vince / stinson :  i just came back from a meeting with accounting ( ryan siueck ) and credit ( rod  nelson - works with bill bradford ) in which we presented the two - factor model  for calculating credit loss on our ljm ' s position . rod seemed positive with  the model conceptual approach . he will position bill bradford on that .  accounting will have a meeting with aa to discuss the treatment on credit  reserves on this deal tomorrow 9 : 00 am . they feel my participation is not  necessary .  at year - end the difference on both valuations - without and with credit risk  - indicates a credit loss of about 100 mm .  paulo issler,0,ljm update vince stinson came back meeting accounting ryan siueck credit rod nelson works bill bradford presented two factor model calculating credit loss ljm position rod seemed positive model conceptual approach position bill bradford accounting meeting aa discuss treatment credit reserves deal tomorrow feel participation necessary year end difference valuations without credit risk indicates credit loss mm paulo issler
"Subject: re : worldpower  mark ,  i have an inquiry from a publishing house who are preparing a book on the  world power markets .  they wanted us to sponsor it ( at the cost of 19 , 000 pounds ) but the reaction  from our power desks  was lukewarm .  they are offering us an opportunity to advertise in this publocatio .  i am attaching the message with the terms .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 21 / 2000  12 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" isherwood production "" on 01 / 21 / 2000 06 : 40 : 08 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : worldpower  dear mr , kaminski ,  i have two advertising positions to offer you as follows :  1 . outside back cover ( plus 200 personalised books ) o 6 , 950 . 00  2 . inside front cover spread ( plus 200 personalised books ) o 7 , 950 . 00  please let me know which ( if any ) options you prefer .  kind regards ,  anna liza  sales director  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  worldpower  suite 16 , imperial studios  london , sw 6 2 ag  united kingdom  info @ commodities - now . com  www . commodities - now . com  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 171 736 0774  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 171 736 1196  - attl . htm",0,worldpower mark inquiry publishing house preparing book world power markets wanted us sponsor cost pounds reaction power desks lukewarm offering us opportunity advertise publocatio attaching message terms vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm isherwood production pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject worldpower dear mr kaminski two advertising positions offer follows outside back cover plus personalised books inside front cover spread plus personalised books please let know options prefer kind regards anna liza sales director worldpower suite imperial studios london sw ag united kingdom info commodities com www commodities com tel fax attl htm
"Subject: re : garp 2001 convention  frank ,  i assume you want to take advantage of this opportunity .  please , confirm .  i shall notify andreas .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : frank hayden @ enron 12 / 14 / 2000 09 : 55 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : garp 2001 convention  thanks ,  frank  vince j kaminski @ ect  12 / 14 / 2000 09 : 45 am  to : frank hayden / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : garp 2001 convention  frank ,  does this help ? please , let me know .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 2000  09 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" andreas simou "" on 12 / 13 / 2000 04 : 51 : 51 am  to :  cc :  subject : re : garp 2001 convention  dear vince  thank you for your recent enquiry concerning a complimentary pass to the  two - day garp convention . unfortunately , it is not garp ' s policy to allow  this for a number of reasons : garp is a not - for - profit organisation , will  much lower delegate fees ( and still the same overheads ) than other  conference organizers . garp ' s mission is to allow an educational forum for  furtherance of financial risk management and an opportunity to allow  networking and contact time between financial risk professionals . however ,  in an attempt to remain at ease with my speakers , i would like to offer a  50 % discount off the delegate fee for one of you colleagues in enron . this  will be for the two - day convention and will include the gala awards evening  on 13 th february , which had over three financial and risk professionals at  garp 2000 .  i trust that this is satisfactory . if you would like to take advantage of  this , please fax a completed registration form , along with a brief covering  note referring to this e - mail , and i will ensure that our administration  depart handle the relevant paper work . if you have any questions please do  not hesitate to contact me .  i look forward to your response and to meeting you in new york in february  ( and receiving a copy of your presentation in a few days ) .  kind regards  andreas  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc :  sent : tuesday , december 12 , 2000 8 : 50 pm  subject : re : garp 2001 convention  andreas ,  am i entitled to bringing one delegate as a guest , free of charge ?  some conferences offer such privileges .  vince  "" andreas simou "" on 12 / 04 / 2000 06 : 31 : 37 am  to :  cc :  subject : garp 2001 convention  dear garp 2001 speaker  this is just a quick note to keep you up - to - date with developments at the  garp 2001 convention , which will be held in new york between 12 th and 15 th  february , 2001 .  thus far , garp 2001 looks set to far exceed our expectations and garp  2000 . there has been a great deal of interest in the 2001 convention .  delegate bookings have been much higher than this time last year . as a  result , we are set to far exceed the number of delegates that attention  earlier this year . the three workshops and the one - day asset management  forum are also very well received and will probably reach full capacity . i  will of course provide you with much fuller details closer to the time of  the event .  regarding the event itself , i would like a few outstanding issues :  1 . presentations : can you please e - mail your presentation to me by 15 th  december , so that i have enough time to reproduce them and place them in a  delegate pack for the convention . ( given the break of the christmas and  new york period , and that the event is being held in new york , i am sure  you can appreciate that there are certain logistical factors that need to  be taken into account , hence the reason why the presentations are required  as soon as possible ) . this is purely for reproduction , we also request you  bring your presentation to the convention on the day in either a floppy  disc or a laptop .  2 . audio - visual requirements : can you please inform me of what  audio - visual requirements you may have ( 35 mm slides ; ohp ; lcd projection -  notably powerpoint ) .  3 . check list : i have attached a check list for your information . if you  have not returned this already , can you please read and fax it to my  colleague , claire as soon as possible .  if you have any questions or queries , please do not hesitate to contact  me , otherwise i eagerly await your response in due course .  i look forward to seeing you in new york in february .  kind regards  andreas  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  andreas simou  garp 2001 - conference producer  tel + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301  fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900  don ' t miss the garp 2001 convention ,  program details via our web site  www . garp . com  ( see attached file : speaker checklist . doc )",0,garp convention frank assume want take advantage opportunity please confirm shall notify andreas vince enron north america corp frank hayden enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject garp convention thanks frank vince j kaminski ect frank hayden corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject garp convention frank help please let know vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect andreas simou cc subject garp convention dear vince thank recent enquiry concerning complimentary pass two day garp convention unfortunately garp policy allow number reasons garp profit organisation much lower delegate fees still overheads conference organizers garp mission allow educational forum furtherance financial risk management opportunity allow networking contact time financial risk professionals however attempt remain ease speakers would like offer discount delegate fee one colleagues enron two day convention include gala awards evening th february three financial risk professionals garp trust satisfactory would like take advantage please fax completed registration form along brief covering note referring e mail ensure administration depart handle relevant paper work questions please hesitate contact look forward response meeting new york february receiving copy presentation days kind regards andreas original message cc sent tuesday december pm subject garp convention andreas entitled bringing one delegate guest free charge conferences offer privileges vince andreas simou cc subject garp convention dear garp speaker quick note keep date developments garp convention held new york th th february thus far garp looks set far exceed expectations garp great deal interest convention delegate bookings much higher time last year result set far exceed number delegates attention earlier year three workshops one day asset management forum also well received probably reach full capacity course provide much fuller details closer time event regarding event would like outstanding issues presentations please e mail presentation th december enough time reproduce place delegate pack convention given break christmas new york period event held new york sure appreciate certain logistical factors need taken account hence reason presentations required soon possible purely reproduction also request bring presentation convention day either floppy disc laptop audio visual requirements please inform audio visual requirements may mm slides ohp lcd projection notably powerpoint check list attached check list information returned already please read fax colleague claire soon possible questions queries please hesitate contact otherwise eagerly await response due course look forward seeing new york february kind regards andreas andreas simou garp conference producer tel fax miss garp convention program details via web site www garp com see attached file speaker checklist doc
Subject: re : recovery plan  it would be funny if it were not quite so close to the truth !,0,recovery plan would funny quite close truth
"Subject: re : running credit model  steve ,  in order to be able to test the new credit model as well as to answer credit  group ' s  questions regarding the outputs from this model research needs to be able to  do the following :  1 . run credit model independently of the other runs . it is quite ok for now  to be able to run it just for small artificial portfolios .  2 . debug the code to see what actual values are used during the run time .  please , let me know if your team can help us .  tanya .",0,running credit model steve order able test new credit model well answer credit group questions regarding outputs model research needs able following run credit model independently runs quite ok able run small artificial portfolios debug code see actual values used run time please let know team help us tanya
"Subject: re : houston research opportunity : anjam ' s plight  grant ,  i agree . we shall give him an offer of a job in houston ( on the terms  we discussed with ) plus an option to stay in  london , if he does not like houston . his choice . i think we extended a very  generous offer to him  and he may have an excessive perception of his contribution to enron .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : grant masson 08 / 09 / 2000 02 : 41 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : houston research opportunity : anjam ' s plight  vince :  i got the following note from uk hr after had a call from them earlier  today . i told them that the deal you and i communicated to anjam was firm  and not negotiable ( with the exception of the issues regarding the flat  rental ) . apparently , anjam is trying to play hard ball . what ' s your  commitment to anjam ? should we explore a package deal ? my vote is no .  grant .  tara rozen  08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 17 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect  subject : houston research opportunity  grant  unfortunately , we were unsuccessful in our attempt to convince anjam that he  should transfer on a local us package . the difficulty is not so much the  compensation and benefits , it seems more to do with the actual job and  long - term prospects . he will only , therefore , commit to 12 months and only on  assignment terms .  we explained to anjam the rationales for transferring locally , ie not just  cost but equitability among his peers . he is convinced that his skills and  enron knowledge are valueable enough to warrant an assignment rather than a  local deal . also , he was apparently told by vince that it was impossible for  you to find a local hire for this role as you were not paying the market  rate .  would you like to move further with this ? if so , we can put together costs  for you for a 12 month assignment and see what you think . i am out tomorrow  but back in on friday and could do it for you then .  let us know !  regards  tara  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tara rozen / lon / ect on 09 / 08 / 2000 18 : 14  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  melanie doyle  08 / 08 / 2000 13 : 07  to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  cc : madeline fox / lon / ect @ ect  subject : houston research opportunity  tara ,  can we discuss tomorrrow ?  thanks  mel  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melanie doyle / lon / ect on 08 / 08 / 2000 13 : 04  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe  from : anjam ahmad 08 / 08 / 2000 12 : 08  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect  subject : houston research opportunity  dear vince i would like to make  the suggestion that we make this opportunity a one - year assignment working  with tanya , and then re - evaluate the situation at the end of the year in  terms a new role for me in houston thereafter , subject to mutual agreement .  the alternative situation of resigning from enron europe and re - joining enron  corp is too dramatic and requires me to "" burn bridges "" and my return to enron  europe would be difficult . also , i would lose the valuable support  structures available to me in london . the amount of any fixed costs  ( flights , modest cargo , a few months of mortgage carrying cost ) are entirely  reasonable , not excessive given my single status and not so great that they  justify making the contract a three year ( local ) one .  i would expect that on the basis of almost 3 1 / 2 years solid experience &  value - added at enron europe , the value of several million pounds i have  identified & justified to external auditors for enron europe this year and an  "" excellent "" rating ( my fourth making my 3 1 / 2 yr average rating also  "" excellent "" ) , i could reasonably be expected to justify a fair deal ( i . e . my  existing enron europe salary & benefits package plus a reasonable one - off  allowance to cover unavoidable additional personal expenses ) .  regards & thanks again for the opportunity ,  anjam  x 35383",0,houston research opportunity anjam plight grant agree shall give offer job houston terms discussed plus option stay london like houston choice think extended generous offer may excessive perception contribution enron vince enron north america corp grant masson pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject houston research opportunity anjam plight vince got following note uk hr call earlier today told deal communicated anjam firm negotiable exception issues regarding flat rental apparently anjam trying play hard ball commitment anjam explore package deal vote grant tara rozen pm grant masson hou ect ect cc melanie doyle lon ect ect subject houston research opportunity grant unfortunately unsuccessful attempt convince anjam transfer local us package difficulty much compensation benefits seems actual job long term prospects therefore commit months assignment terms explained anjam rationales transferring locally ie cost equitability among peers convinced skills enron knowledge valueable enough warrant assignment rather local deal also apparently told vince impossible find local hire role paying market rate would like move put together costs month assignment see think tomorrow back friday could let us know regards tara forwarded tara rozen lon ect melanie doyle tara rozen lon ect ect cc madeline fox lon ect ect subject houston research opportunity tara discuss tomorrrow thanks mel forwarded melanie doyle lon ect enron europe anjam ahmad vince j kaminski hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect cc melanie doyle lon ect ect subject houston research opportunity dear vince would like make suggestion make opportunity one year assignment working tanya evaluate situation end year terms new role houston thereafter subject mutual agreement alternative situation resigning enron europe joining enron corp dramatic requires burn bridges return enron europe would difficult also would lose valuable support structures available london amount fixed costs flights modest cargo months mortgage carrying cost entirely reasonable excessive given single status great justify making contract three year local one would expect basis almost years solid experience value added enron europe value several million pounds identified justified external auditors enron europe year excellent rating fourth making yr average rating also excellent could reasonably expected justify fair deal e existing enron europe salary benefits package plus reasonable one allowance cover unavoidable additional personal expenses regards thanks opportunity anjam x
"Subject: preliminary interviews with the research group  good morning professor ordonez :  vince would like to bring ernesto and carlos in for a preliminary interview .  vince and stinson are available on tuesday , december 5 or wednesday ,  december 6 .  should i contact them personally , or will you arrange the interviews ?  i will need to know the times they are available on these days and i will also  need copies of their resumes .  if you need any information , please call me at 713 / 853 - 5290 .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000  10 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  11 / 27 / 2000 10 : 47 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : greetings  shirley ,  please , invite them for a preliminary interview ,  stinson , zimin , paulo and myself .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000  10 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  carlos ordonez on 11 / 27 / 2000 10 : 15 : 51 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : greetings  dear vince ,  i am sorry for the dely in answering . these are their phone numbers :  ernesto hernandez : ( 713 ) 532 - 0573  carlos gorrichategui : ( 713 ) 668 - 0408 .  the best way to get a hold of them at this point would be through  me . i would pass along the information and then they can contact you .  cheers ,  carlos  at 12 : 50 pm 11 / 21 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > carlos ,  >  > i need their phone numbers .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > carlos ordonez on 11 / 21 / 2000 11 : 45 : 45 am  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : greetings  >  >  > vince ,  >  > i gave you both their academic reports from here and mexico and panama .  > this  > information i believe also contain some personal info . would you need more ?  > one of them was a bit nervous about the formality of turning in an actual  > resume . . .  >  > please let me know whether the academic info is not enough .  >  > cheers ,  >  > carlos  >  >  >  >  >  > at 10 : 41 am 11 / 21 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  > >  > > carlos ,  > >  > > please , forward their resumes to us and we shall set up an interview for  > > them .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > carlos ordonez on 11 / 21 / 2000 09 : 30 : 08 am  > >  > > to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  > > cc : vkamins @ enron . com  > > subject : re : greetings  > >  > >  > > dear vincent and stinson ,  > >  > > both my students would love to come visit you guys for an informal  > > visit in the near future . please let me know well ahead of time  > > when they can come . if possible , see to it that their parking expenses  > > be paid when they do come .  > >  > >  > > i ' ll be in touch with you all over the next months about this and  > > a possible postdoctoral / trainee agreement ( world lab . ) .  > >  > > cheers ,  > >  > > carlos  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0,preliminary interviews research group good morning professor ordonez vince would like bring ernesto carlos preliminary interview vince stinson available tuesday december wednesday december contact personally arrange interviews need know times available days also need copies resumes need information please call regards shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect subject greetings shirley please invite preliminary interview stinson zimin paulo vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect carlos ordonez vince j kaminski enron com cc subject greetings dear vince sorry dely answering phone numbers ernesto hernandez carlos gorrichategui best way get hold point would would pass along information contact cheers carlos pm wrote carlos need phone numbers vince carlos ordonez vince j kaminski enron com cc subject greetings vince gave academic reports mexico panama information believe also contain personal info would need one bit nervous formality turning actual resume please let know whether academic info enough cheers carlos wrote carlos please forward resumes us shall set interview vince carlos ordonez stinson gibner enron com cc vkamins enron com subject greetings dear vincent stinson students would love come visit guys informal visit near future please let know well ahead time come possible see parking expenses paid come touch next months possible postdoctoral trainee agreement world lab cheers carlos
Subject: request submitted : access request for  pinnamaneni . krishnarao @ enron . com  you have received this email because the requester specified you as their vp .  please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000010552  request create date : 12 / 18 / 00 8 : 53 : 23 am  requested for : pinnamaneni . krishnarao @ enron . com  resource name : vpn  resource type : applications,0,request submitted access request pinnamaneni krishnarao enron com received email requester specified vp please click approval review act upon request request id request create date requested pinnamaneni krishnarao enron com resource name vpn resource type applications
"Subject: thanks again  vince ,  i thank you again for all your help . ? i will continue to search for job  opportunities at enron , and hopefully be able to find a match for me .  how is your son doing ? is he still interested in computers ? there is a  promising future for high - tech guys .  regards ?  carla di castro  marketing  mfr group , inc .  one riverway , ste 1900  houston , tx 77056 - 1951  phone ( 713 ) 353 - 8180  office ( 713 ) 622 - 1120",0,thanks vince thank help continue search job opportunities enron hopefully able find match son still interested computers promising future high tech guys regards carla di castro marketing mfr group inc one riverway ste houston tx phone office
"Subject: grades  pam ,  another team :  elena chilkina  robert j . guadette  joseph helms  kenneth jett  todd litton  mark westmoreland  grade : a -  vince kaminski",0,grades pam another team elena chilkina robert j guadette joseph helms kenneth jett todd litton mark westmoreland grade vince kaminski
"Subject: stanford associate recruiting  i would like to take this opportunity to thank each of you for your  participation in the stanford associate interviews last week . our efforts  resulted in 6 summer associate offers and 1 full - time associate offer .  althea gordon will be e - mailing you the names of the individuals who will  receive offers . we would like you to contact these individuals to  congratulate them and encourage their acceptance . althea will match you up  with the candidates you interviewed and provide you with contact information .  althea has verbally contacted both the offers and the declines . we will be  sending out both offer letters and decline letters by end of day tuesday ,  march 20 . in the meantime , should any of you be contacted by students who  did not receive an offer , i recommend the following verbal response :  "" our summer program is highly competitive , forcing us to choose a smaller  number of candidates from a highly qualified pool . our summer hiring this  year will be between 35 - 40 associates . the full - time program typically hires  between 80 - 90 associates . given that you made it this far in our selection  process , i would strongly encourage you to apply in the fall for the  full - time associate program . ""  we will keep you informed via e - mail of our acceptance rate at stanford .  again , thank you for your support . we look forward to working with you on  potential future stanford recruiting events .  regards ,  celeste roberts",0,stanford associate recruiting would like take opportunity thank participation stanford associate interviews last week efforts resulted summer associate offers full time associate offer althea gordon e mailing names individuals receive offers would like contact individuals congratulate encourage acceptance althea match candidates interviewed provide contact information althea verbally contacted offers declines sending offer letters decline letters end day tuesday march meantime contacted students receive offer recommend following verbal response summer program highly competitive forcing us choose smaller number candidates highly qualified pool summer hiring year associates full time program typically hires associates given made far selection process would strongly encourage apply fall full time associate program keep informed via e mail acceptance rate stanford thank support look forward working potential future stanford recruiting events regards celeste roberts
"Subject: re : enron broadband services  dear stinson ,  i apologize for the delay in responding . i was away wed - sun and  just returned . thank you very much for your email . i plan to make  a firm decision on my future plans sometime in the later half of  april , and would be extremely interested in getting an offer from  enron . i think the opportunities at enron are very exciting and  there is room for some real contribution to the group .  best wishes ,  salal  | >  | >  | > salal ,  | >  | > hope everything is going well with your thesis . we enjoyed hearing  about  | > your research topics during your visit to houston and feel that you could  ad  * d  | > many new ideas to the innovative environment that we are cultivating at  ebs .  | > i regret being a bit slow to get back to you after your visit . please  let  * me  | > know if you are still available and interested in coming to ebs . if so ,  i  | > will work on getting a formal offer out to you asap . if not , we would  sti  * ll  | > be interested in staying in touch in case you would be interested in  working  | > with us at some point in the future .  | >  | > best regards ,  | >  | > - - stinson  | >  | >  salal humair  massachvsetts institvte of technology  operations research center  rooms e 40 - 130 , 5 - 332 a  x 3 - 3014 , x 5 - 9727 ",0,enron broadband services dear stinson apologize delay responding away wed sun returned thank much email plan make firm decision future plans sometime later half april would extremely interested getting offer enron think opportunities enron exciting room real contribution group best wishes salal salal hope everything going well thesis enjoyed hearing research topics visit houston feel could ad many new ideas innovative environment cultivating ebs regret bit slow get back visit please let know still available interested coming ebs work getting formal offer asap would sti interested staying touch case would interested working us point future best regards stinson salal humair massachvsetts institvte technology operations research center rooms e x x
"Subject: interview thanks . . .  vince and stinson ,  it seems we made a good impression to rodney . can we have him  working for our sub - group ?  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 13 / 2000 08 : 35 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" rodney greene "" on 03 / 13 / 2000 12 : 05 : 57 am  to :  cc :  subject : interview thanks . . .  dear dr . lu :  thank - you for meeting with me to discuss opportunities in your derivative  pricing group . i very much enjoyed talking with you . the projects you are  working on are quite interesting to me . it appears to me the resources and  culture at enron are excellent for accomplishing quality value - adding work .  i would very much like to be a part of your group . thank - you once again for  meeting with me . and it goes without saying - lunch was great !  sincerely ,  rodney greene  ?",0,interview thanks vince stinson seems made good impression rodney working sub group zimin forwarded zimin lu hou ect rodney greene cc subject interview thanks dear dr lu thank meeting discuss opportunities derivative pricing group much enjoyed talking projects working quite interesting appears resources culture enron excellent accomplishing quality value adding work would much like part group thank meeting goes without saying lunch great sincerely rodney greene
"Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender  this message was created automatically by mail delivery software .  a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its  recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed :  stcelebrate 2002 @ aol . com  ( ultimately generated from info @ something - to - celebrate . com )  smtp error from remote mailer after end of data :  host mailin - 01 . mx . aol . com [ 64 . 12 . 137 . 89 ] : 554 - :  ( hvu : bl ) http : / / postmaster . info . aol . com / errors / 554 hvubl . html  554 transaction failed  - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - -  return - path :  received : from [ 218 . 23 . 38 . 202 ] ( helo = mailwisconsin . com )  by discostu . angelsonoccasion . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 43 )  id ldupmn - 0001 st - jh  for info @ something - to - celebrate . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 57 : 18 - 0400  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24817172 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ something - to - celebrate . com  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !",1,mail delivery failed returning message sender message created automatically mail delivery software message sent could delivered one recipients permanent error following address es failed stcelebrate aol com ultimately generated info something celebrate com smtp error remote mailer end data host mailin mx aol com hvu bl http postmaster info aol com errors hvubl html transaction failed copy message including headers return path received helo mailwisconsin com discostu angelsonoccasion com smtp exim id ldupmn st jh info something celebrate com tue jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo info something celebrate com user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivable
"Subject: welcome to vip quality software .  os - adobe - macromedia etc all under $ 15 - $ 99 cds  poverty is a weapon of mass destruction .  if you have a fallback plan , you will fall back .",1,welcome vip quality software os adobe macromedia etc cds poverty weapon mass destruction fallback plan fall back
"Subject: want me on top ? 189643322211  put these nasty sluts to the test ! free access ! !  heavy hard and free !  nothing to loose ! ! click here , no membership required ! it ' s free  note :  84221111000",1,want top put nasty sluts test free access heavy hard free nothing loose click membership required free note
Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here  you have not tried cialls yet ?  than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed !  the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want .  cialls has a iot of advantages over viaqra  - the effect lasts 36 hours !  - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes !  - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country !  get it riqht now ! . ,1,save money buy getting thing tried cialls yet even imagine like real man bed thing great errrectlon provided exactiy want cialls iot advantages viaqra effect lasts hours ready start within minutes mix aicohol ship country get riqht
"Subject: joe carson  greg ,  two things i did not manage to mention to you at the meeting on monday .  1 . joe carson . i was very positively impressed by joe carson .  enron badly needs a senior economist of his stature and  experience . he has many contacts in the industry and can represent  enron well . he is very pragmatic and , also , i expect a cool head on old  shoulders .  one negative is that he wants to work out of new york . the tradeoff is  between  maintaining his contacts and working closer with the desks .  2 . tony mends . i think you , or louise , should explore the possibility of  using the skills of tony mends .  tony and i are good friends so i may be biased . i think that he is a very  smart  and efficient person and can contribute a lot to the organization that  relies  on processing huge volumes of information .  vince",0,joe carson greg two things manage mention meeting monday joe carson positively impressed joe carson enron badly needs senior economist stature experience many contacts industry represent enron well pragmatic also expect cool head old shoulders one negative wants work new york tradeoff maintaining contacts working closer desks tony mends think louise explore possibility using skills tony mends tony good friends may biased think smart efficient person contribute lot organization relies processing huge volumes information vince
"Subject: skunkworks meeting - bi - weekly  shirley and i have scheduled the skunkworks ' meetings with scott tholan  beginning wednesday , july 5 from 2 : 00 to 3 : 30 . this meeting will take place  every other wednesday ( same time and place ) for the next few months . these  meetings will be held in ebl 938 . please mark your calendar , and if you have  any serious conflicts , please let either shirley or me know .  thanks ,  sharon  5 - 7212",0,skunkworks meeting bi weekly shirley scheduled skunkworks meetings scott tholan beginning wednesday july meeting take place every wednesday time place next months meetings held ebl please mark calendar serious conflicts please let either shirley know thanks sharon
"Subject: post jobs fast and get results fast  100 ' s of employers  are posting jobs here .  make your next career move  and log on to  jobslog . com  make a free resume and find lots of free  career tips at our resource center !  jobslog . com 1314 south king st . , ste . 856 honolulu , hawaii 96814 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,post jobs fast get results fast employers posting jobs make next career move log jobslog com make free resume find lots free career tips resource center jobslog com south king st ste honolulu hawaii e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: resume : dipak agarwallah ph . d . econ .  here is a resume forwarded to our group . dipak has some industry  experience , but does not seem to have programming skills . any interest ?  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 11 / 09 / 2000  10 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  paulo issler  11 / 07 / 2000 02 : 56 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume and cover letter  stinson :  per our conversation i am forwarding you dipak ' s resume .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paulo issler / hou / ect on 11 / 07 / 2000 02 : 48  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  guido caranti @ enron _ development  11 / 02 / 2000 01 : 44 pm  to : paulo issler @ ect  cc :  subject : resume and cover letter  poulo , this is the info of the guy i talked to you about . please let me know  what you think .  thanks a lot  guido  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by guido caranti / enron _ development on  11 / 02 / 2000 01 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" dipak agarwalla "" on 10 / 13 / 2000 11 : 36 : 22 am  to : guido . caranti @ enron . com  cc : a _ dipak @ hotmail . com  subject : resume and cover letter  hi mr . caranti ,  please find the attached cover letter and resume . please let me know if you  need any further information and i look forward to talking to you on  saturday at 8 : 30 pm .  thank you very much  dipak  get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com .  share information about yourself , create your own public profile at  http : / / profiles . msn . com .  - resume - dipak agarwalla . doc  - cover letter - dipak agarwalla . doc",0,resume dipak agarwallah ph econ resume forwarded group dipak industry experience seem programming skills interest stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect paulo issler pm stinson gibner hou ect ect cc subject resume cover letter stinson per conversation forwarding dipak resume forwarded paulo issler hou ect pm guido caranti enron development pm paulo issler ect cc subject resume cover letter poulo info guy talked please let know think thanks lot guido forwarded guido caranti enron development pm dipak agarwalla guido caranti enron com cc dipak hotmail com subject resume cover letter hi mr caranti please find attached cover letter resume please let know need information look forward talking saturday pm thank much dipak get private free e mail msn hotmail http www hotmail com share information create public profile http profiles msn com resume dipak agarwalla doc cover letter dipak agarwalla doc
"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  orderinq viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miilions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1,ready get hello viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction like one jokes sais stronq enouqh man made woman orderinq viagra online convinient fast secure way miilions peopie daily save privacy money order
"Subject: seasonal greetings  seasonal greetings and best wishes for a happy and prosperous new year !  les .  dr . les clewlow  visiting research fellow , school of finance and economics , university of  technology , sydney , australia .  associate research fellow , financial options research centre , warwick  business school , coventry , uk , cv 4 7 al .  director , lacima group ltd . 55 skylines village , limeharbour , london , el 4  9 ts , uk . phn : + 44 ( 0 ) 171 531 9628 , fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 171 538 5781  www : http : / / www . lacimagroup . com",0,seasonal greetings seasonal greetings best wishes happy prosperous new year les dr les clewlow visiting research fellow school finance economics university technology sydney australia associate research fellow financial options research centre warwick business school coventry uk cv al director lacima group ltd skylines village limeharbour london el ts uk phn fax www http www lacimagroup com
"Subject: viagra - proven step to start something all over again .  looking for a specific medication ? let us know what you need !  there is an applause superior to that of the multitudes : one ' s own .  winning isn ' t everything , it is the only thing .  war is the continuation of politics by other means .  we are most alive when we ' re in love .",1,viagra proven step start something looking specific medication let us know need applause superior multitudes one winning everything thing war continuation politics means alive love
"Subject: interview schedule for yingquan shen ( charles )  please be aware of the correction on candidate ' s name . thank you  stephanie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie summers / na / enron on 10 / 10 / 2000  04 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stephanie summers  10 / 10 / 2000 03 : 41 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , paulo  issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , marlow  anderson / corp / enron @ enron  subject : interview schedule for yingquan shen ( charles )  please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the  interview will occur on friday october 13 , 2000 . please print all three  documents for your reference . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  stephanie  58701",0,interview schedule yingquan shen charles please aware correction candidate name thank stephanie forwarded stephanie summers na enron pm stephanie summers pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect alex huang corp enron enron tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect cc anita dupont na enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect marlow anderson corp enron enron subject interview schedule yingquan shen charles please find interview packet referenced person interview occur friday october please print three documents reference questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact stephanie
"Subject: abstract  shmuel ,  this is the abstract for my presentation on the 23 rd of october .  i am in london and paris this week . i can be reached at my  private e - mail address vkaminski @ aol . com .  please , feel free to suggest modifications to the abstract .  vince  > the last three years were characterized by exceptionally high volatility of  > the power prices in the us markets . the market developments have created a  > number of unique challenges for energy industry economists . one immediate  > question we have to answer is how to measure volatility of energy prices .  > although we can all agree that the prices in the power markets are  > characterized by high variability , the traditional measures used in  financial  > economics ( annualized standard deviation of log price returns ) may not fit  > well electricity prices . the second challenge is to explain the sources of  > high price volatility and to answer the question to what extent it can be  > attributed to problems that can be addressed in the long run . such problems  > include flaws in market design that allow some market participants to abuse  > market power , limited availability and / or unequal access to transmission ,  > temporary shortages of generation capacity . some factors underlying high  > volatility of electricity prices may be of permanent nature and may be a  > necessary price to pay for increased market efficiency and expanded customer  > choice .",0,abstract shmuel abstract presentation rd october london paris week reached private e mail address vkaminski aol com please feel free suggest modifications abstract vince last three years characterized exceptionally high volatility power prices us markets market developments created number unique challenges energy industry economists one immediate question answer measure volatility energy prices although agree prices power markets characterized high variability traditional measures used financial economics annualized standard deviation log price returns may fit well electricity prices second challenge explain sources high price volatility answer question extent attributed problems addressed long run problems include flaws market design allow market participants abuse market power limited availability unequal access transmission temporary shortages generation capacity factors underlying high volatility electricity prices may permanent nature may necessary price pay increased market efficiency expanded customer choice
"Subject: re : uk rab multiples  michael ,  thanks for the information . we shall have the  results for you by tomorrow morning .  vince  michael anderson @ azurix  08 / 23 / 2000 07 : 48 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : keith . harris @ wessexwater . com  subject : uk rab multiples  i talked with keith harris , our cfo at wessex , about the rab multiple graph i  gave you . he expressed that the wessex people had originated the data and  that the graph was correct , to the best of their knowledge . the only ( but  very important correction ) is that they started the graph at an index of  100 % , which does not imply a 100 % of rab multiple . rather , the initial rab  multiple was around 80 % , implying that the entire line should be taken down  by 20 percentile points . thus the all time hime in late 98 should be closer  to the 1 . 3 x rab that i had targeted during our discussion . please call keith  if he has not yet contact you .",0,uk rab multiples michael thanks information shall results tomorrow morning vince michael anderson azurix pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc keith harris wessexwater com subject uk rab multiples talked keith harris cfo wessex rab multiple graph gave expressed wessex people originated data graph correct best knowledge important correction started graph index imply rab multiple rather initial rab multiple around implying entire line taken percentile points thus time hime late closer x rab targeted discussion please call keith yet contact
"Subject: 6 steps to a no fear portfolio - 50 % roi per trade  if you are averaging more than 50 % r . o . i . per trade . . .  if your annual returns are well over 300 % . . .  if you know how to profit in any market condition . . .  if you know how to convert losing trades into winning trades . . .  then you don ' t need our free online seminar .  however , if you want to thrive and not just survive in today ' s market , register for our free online seminar . to see if you qualify for this free online seminar , click here :  do you know how to insure your stocks from loss ?  you insure your home , why not insure your stock portfolio ? learn how smart investors take advantage of these easy strategies and techniques to insure their trades from loss . it ' s no secret , you just need to learn how to do it .  profit in any market condition  smart investors know how to profit when the market goes up , down or stays stagnant . now is your chance to learn the secrets of successful traders . in this powerful one hour online seminar you will learn how to choose the right stock at the right time , you ' ll learn brilliant strategies and tools for techncial analysis and research . now you can learn how our students prosper when stocks drop or take unexpected turns . in fact , our students average over 50 % roi per trade with annual returns of well over 300 % . it ' s your turn . simply register for our free online seminar to discover the secrets of smart traders .  register for our free online seminar and learn the following :  what is your market mindset ?  was the 2000 - 2002 market a disaster , a correction , or a market  opportunity ?  how do you profit from a volatile market ?  how do you use options to hedge risk ?  how do you insure your trades ?  how do you profit when a stock goes up , down or sideways ?  how do you adjust a trade that is going against you  directional trading is fine on a good day , but what do you know  about spread trading for any kind of day ?  how do you implement a no fear / no risk trading system ?  how do i get help as i go through this process ?  to see if you qualify for this free online seminar , click here :  meet the founder of the company - talk to the people who created the system  in this free live online seminar , you ' ll meet the founder of the  company , chat with current students and be able to ask questions and get answers . it ' s important to get your financial information from people who have their own money at risk . meet greg jensen , cofounder of spread trade systems .  results are really all that matters . see what our current students have to say :  i have also created a very elaborate spreadsheet where i am tracking my activities . i keep one page which tracks my trading history . this is only for trades which have completed from start to finish . to date , i have completed 19 trades for an overall profit of $ 15 , 925 . 00 , at an average 77 percent roi . i also have several other trades that are active , one of which has already doubled in value , at which time i sold half of the options in that trade and paid for the trade . it is now a ' free ' trade . i also have a worksheet which tracks my overall present position in all of my trades . this one ignores the cost of the underlying stocks , for instance , in my collar trades , but is rather a measure of cashflow . my current ytd total is over $ 33 k . . .  - bob hendricks ( july 2004 ) i have been trading since october of 2002 . i started with $ 14 , 000 and within 1 year my portfolio is worth over $ 180 , 000 . spread trade strategies are simple and easy to understand . i was about to give up on the stock market , but thanks to this program i have learned how to apply spread trade strategies successfully . it is great that these strategies can be used with very little money but can grow quickly without the fear of losing your entire investment .  - ruben p . ( 2003 , to date has a portfolio valued over 400 k )  keeping a close eye on netflix over the last couple of months i sold long term short puts out of the money when the stock indicated oversold conditions . as the stock bounced back and showed over bought signals i offloaded the puts and sold calls against my stock . last month netflix options alone made me over $ 3 , 000 . opening up the wealthbuilder a few weeks ago i saw a recommendation for a call calendar . at the time i wanted to enter a credit trade instead of a debit trade and entered a bear call based on technical indicators . all options expired worthless and i pocketed the entire credit . this month i placed some covered calls and bull puts on taser as it rocketed up . i closed all positions after 10 days with a $ 1500 profit . many companies proudly advertise big percentage gains . many times i ' ve asked those companies if those big gains hide big losses - all with the exception of sts was hiding big losing trades . my record this year is 14 out of the 18 stocks i ' ve traded have made money . it ' s not the 49 out of 50 that fasi and greg get but with each month i refine my system and keep closing the gap . the education sts provides is invaluable . without it my approach would have been that of a gambler . with it my approach is systematic and disciplined and consistently profitable .  - gareth ( july 2004 )  nofearinvesting 150 clovis ave . , ste . 101 clovis , ca 93612 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,steps fear portfolio roi per trade averaging r per trade annual returns well know profit market condition know convert losing trades winning trades need free online seminar however want thrive survive today market register free online seminar see qualify free online seminar click know insure stocks loss insure home insure stock portfolio learn smart investors take advantage easy strategies techniques insure trades loss secret need learn profit market condition smart investors know profit market goes stays stagnant chance learn secrets successful traders powerful one hour online seminar learn choose right stock right time learn brilliant strategies tools techncial analysis research learn students prosper stocks drop take unexpected turns fact students average roi per trade annual returns well turn simply register free online seminar discover secrets smart traders register free online seminar learn following market mindset market disaster correction market opportunity profit volatile market use options hedge risk insure trades profit stock goes sideways adjust trade going directional trading fine good day know spread trading kind day implement fear risk trading system get help go process see qualify free online seminar click meet founder company talk people created system free live online seminar meet founder company chat current students able ask questions get answers important get financial information people money risk meet greg jensen cofounder spread trade systems results really matters see current students say also created elaborate spreadsheet tracking activities keep one page tracks trading history trades completed start finish date completed trades overall profit average percent roi also several trades active one already doubled value time sold half options trade paid trade free trade also worksheet tracks overall present position trades one ignores cost underlying stocks instance collar trades rather measure cashflow current ytd total k bob hendricks july trading since october started within year portfolio worth spread trade strategies simple easy understand give stock market thanks program learned apply spread trade strategies successfully great strategies used little money grow quickly without fear losing entire investment ruben p date portfolio valued k keeping close eye netflix last couple months sold long term short puts money stock indicated oversold conditions stock bounced back showed bought signals offloaded puts sold calls stock last month netflix options alone made opening wealthbuilder weeks ago saw recommendation call calendar time wanted enter credit trade instead debit trade entered bear call based technical indicators options expired worthless pocketed entire credit month placed covered calls bull puts taser rocketed closed positions days profit many companies proudly advertise big percentage gains many times asked companies big gains hide big losses exception sts hiding big losing trades record year stocks traded made money fasi greg get month refine system keep closing gap education sts provides invaluable without approach would gambler approach systematic disciplined consistently profitable gareth july nofearinvesting clovis ave ste clovis ca e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: software license  dear ms . feldman ,  please receive all my apologies for not having  answered earlier your 2 emails , but i was in the  states for 6 weeks and could not access my  dauphine email . in any case , the time was  fruitfully used by my associates and myself to  improve the "" robustness "" of the product , from  a computer and mathematical standpoint .  regarding your 3 points  1 . we agree on the price of 90 , 000 usd  2 . d - g will provide system support : we can do so  by emailing anther version of the software , being  available on the phone and by email but we  cannot promise unlimited support of all kinds  without risking bankruptcy right away .  moreover , the $ 90 , 000 may be paid in 3 fractions  and your risk would be quite minimal  3 . regarding the escrow , we have been using so  far a small law firm with 5 partners ( none of my  family ) in amherst : hart , reed , brown , golowich  and kaplan . but we are not closed to anther  solution you would strongly prefer .  best regards  helyette geman , phd , phd  d - g energy systems",0,software license dear ms feldman please receive apologies answered earlier emails states weeks could access dauphine email case time fruitfully used associates improve robustness product computer mathematical standpoint regarding points agree price usd g provide system support emailing anther version software available phone email promise unlimited support kinds without risking bankruptcy right away moreover may paid fractions risk would quite minimal regarding escrow using far small law firm partners none family amherst hart reed brown golowich kaplan closed anther solution would strongly prefer best regards helyette geman phd phd g energy systems
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ail listed software is availabie for immediate downioad !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few examples :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95  - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language !  best reqards ,  lyndsey ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions german french spanish uk many others ail listed software availabie immediate downioad need wait week cd delivery examples norton lnternet security pro windows xp professional sp fuli version corei draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite includinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native language best reqards lyndsey
"Subject: ready to earn more now  take the next step  learn how you can earn a high six - figure income with your own  real estate business .  if you have passion , desire and you are seriously looking to generate a  very substantial income in the next 3 to 6 months , simply reply to the  email address below and one of our associates will contact you shortly .  bigprofithomebiz @ yahoo . com  ( be sure to leave your name , phone and best time to call ) .  remember : this powerful business could change your life ? financially .  immediately  if you ' re not interested ",1,ready earn take next step learn earn high six figure income real estate business passion desire seriously looking generate substantial income next months simply reply email address one associates contact shortly bigprofithomebiz yahoo com sure leave name phone best time call remember powerful business could change life financially immediately interested
"Subject: hi  do you want to make $ 1000 or more per week ?  if you are a motivated and qualified individual - i  will personally demonstrate to you a system that will  make you $ 1 , 000 per week or more ! this is not mlm .  call our 24 hour pre - recorded number to get the  details .  801 - 296 - 4210  i need people who want to make serious money . make  the call and get the facts .  invest 2 minutes in yourself now !  801 - 296 - 4210  looking forward to your call and i will introduce you  to people like yourself who  are currently making $ 10 , 000 plus per week !  801 - 296 - 4210 ",1,hi want make per week motivated qualified individual personally demonstrate system make per week mlm call hour pre recorded number get details need people want make serious money make call get facts invest minutes looking forward call introduce people like currently making plus per week
"Subject: re : a very good candidate  ok , will get that started . we ' ll let you know when rodney can be available  for a trip to houston and will follow up with you to obtain the complete  interviewer list .  - elizabeth  vince j kaminski  03 / 01 / 2000 09 : 31 am  to : elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : a very good candidate  elizabeth ,  we got a very good candidate we would like to bring over for an interview .  he came through an agency on london ( the address is on the resumes ) .  the contact at the agency is anthony regamey .  please , contact them to arrange an interview in houston . please , include  me , stinson gibner , vasant shanbhogue , tom gros ( ebs ) , jean mrha ,  brad blesie . we shall think about some other names later .  vince",0,good candidate ok get started let know rodney available trip houston follow obtain complete interviewer list elizabeth vince j kaminski elizabeth grant hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject good candidate elizabeth got good candidate would like bring interview came agency london address resumes contact agency anthony regamey please contact arrange interview houston please include stinson gibner vasant shanbhogue tom gros ebs jean mrha brad blesie shall think names later vince
"Subject: re : test  dear vince : the email address of candice is  cgkao @ mtholyoke . edu  i will email you her phone number at mount holyoke this evening .  regards  ed  on wed , 18 apr 2001 vkamins @ ect . enron . com wrote :  > test  >  > vince  >  >",0,test dear vince email address candice cgkao mtholyoke edu email phone number mount holyoke evening regards ed wed apr vkamins ect enron com wrote test vince
"Subject: re : follow - up meeting on wharton  hi christie :  the telephone number in ebl 938 is : 713 / 853 - 3135 . have a safe trip .  shirley  christie patrick  12 / 12 / 2000 10 : 36 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : follow - up meeting on wharton  shirley ,  unless my flights change , i can call in from my cell phone - - what number shall  i dial ?  thanks !  - - christie .",0,follow meeting wharton hi christie telephone number ebl safe trip shirley christie patrick pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject follow meeting wharton shirley unless flights change call cell phone number shall dial thanks christie
"Subject: re : working with enron on catastrophic risk  howard ,  thanks for the message and the paper .  we shall hold an internal follow - up meeting next monday to  review potential projects on which we could cooperate in  the future .  vasant and i will contact you to discuss our recommendations  regarding the future research agenda .  vince  "" kunreuther , howard "" on 12 / 14 / 2000 10 : 07 : 11 am  to : "" bouillion ( e - mail ) "" , "" carrick ( e - mail ) ""  , "" hoog ( e - mail ) "" , "" kaminski  ( e - mail ) "" , "" vasant ( e - mail ) ""  cc : "" doherty , neil a "" , "" kleindorfer , paul ""  , "" thomas , louis a ""  , "" weigelt , keith w ""  subject : working with enron on catastrophic risk  dear vince , jim , george , david and vasant :  neil doherty , paul kleindorfer and i very much enjoyed our discussion last  wednesday at wharton with you on future joint research with enron over the  coming year . in particular , we see the whole area of capital management and  catastrophic risk as a fruitful area for foint collaboration . i am sharing  this message with louis thomas and keith weigelt who direct the fap mba  program in the hopes that we can find a team to work with us on these issues  next semester .  attached is a revised version of our paper on "" evaluating risk bearing ,  mitigation and risk transfer using exceedance probability curves : project  update "" . we would greatly appreciate you and your colleagues looking at the  section on "" cat bonds covering multiple risks "" ( pp . 15 - 19 ) to see whether our  example and conclusions make sense to you . we look forward to working with  your team at enron regarding ways that we can build on these preliminary  findings to make cat bonds for weather risks more attractive .  best wishes for the holiday .  regards ,  howard  howard kunreuther  cecilia yen koo professor of decisions sciences and public policy  chairperson operations and information management department  1326 steinberg hall - dietrich hall  wharton school  university of pennsylvania  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6366  phone : 215 - 898 - 4589  fax : 215 - 573 - 2130  email : kunreuth @ wharton . upenn . edu  - epcurvepaper - final - dl 0 . doc",0,working enron catastrophic risk howard thanks message paper shall hold internal follow meeting next monday review potential projects could cooperate future vasant contact discuss recommendations regarding future research agenda vince kunreuther howard bouillion e mail carrick e mail hoog e mail kaminski e mail vasant e mail cc doherty neil kleindorfer paul thomas louis weigelt keith w subject working enron catastrophic risk dear vince jim george david vasant neil doherty paul kleindorfer much enjoyed discussion last wednesday wharton future joint research enron coming year particular see whole area capital management catastrophic risk fruitful area foint collaboration sharing message louis thomas keith weigelt direct fap mba program hopes find team work us issues next semester attached revised version paper evaluating risk bearing mitigation risk transfer using exceedance probability curves project update would greatly appreciate colleagues looking section cat bonds covering multiple risks pp see whether example conclusions make sense look forward working team enron regarding ways build preliminary findings make cat bonds weather risks attractive best wishes holiday regards howard howard kunreuther cecilia yen koo professor decisions sciences public policy chairperson operations information management department steinberg hall dietrich hall wharton school university pennsylvania philadelphia pa phone fax email kunreuth wharton upenn edu epcurvepaper final dl doc
"Subject: new love tabs shop .  visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other love enhancers aii in one !  operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and complete confidentiality !  click here to find your verifled by bbb and approved by visa iove pil 1 ! ",1,new love tabs shop visit llcensed online dragstore best inexpensive love drags viagra ciaiis softtabs many love enhancers aii one operative support fast shipping secure payment processing complete confidentiality click find verifled bbb approved visa iove pil
"Subject: enron ' s 2001 goals  our vision to become the world ' s leading company positions our company for  great success this year and beyond . our success is dependent on execution .  with that in mind , we are making enron ' s 2001 corporate and business unit  goals available to employees .  please take a few minutes to review our 2001 goals on enron ' s intranet at  http : / / 172 . 28 . 92 . 190 / bowne / we believe they will help you gain a better  understanding of our vision for the company and will inspire you to identify  innovative ways to help your organization and enron achieve our objectives .  we have a lot to accomplish this year , and with your hard work and  dedication , we can realize another year of stellar performance .",0,enron goals vision become world leading company positions company great success year beyond success dependent execution mind making enron corporate business unit goals available employees please take minutes review goals enron intranet http bowne believe help gain better understanding vision company inspire identify innovative ways help organization enron achieve objectives lot accomplish year hard work dedication realize another year stellar performance
"Subject: returned mail : host unknown ( name server : - - - - - - . net : host not found )  the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 56 : 17 - 0500  from yahoobb 218135092134 . bbtec . net [ 218 . 135 . 92 . 134 ]  - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - -  - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - -  550 . . . host unknown ( name server : - - - - - - . net : host not found )",1,returned mail host unknown name server net host found original message received tue jul yahoobb bbtec net following addresses permanent fatal errors transcript session follows host unknown name server net host found
"Subject: congratulations  congratulations on your official designation as a poohbah ! just goes to show  you , smart guys can finish first also .  mark",0,congratulations congratulations official designation poohbah goes show smart guys finish first also mark
"Subject: your membership community charset = iso - 8859 - 1  your membership community & commentary ( july 6 , 2001 )  it ' s all about making money  information to provide you with the absolute  best low and no cost ways of providing traffic  to your site , helping you to capitalize on the power and potential the web brings to every net - preneur .  - - - this issue contains sites who will trade links with you ! - - -  - - - - - - - - - - - - -  in this issue  - - - - - - - - - - - - -  internet success through simplicity  member showcase  win a free ad in community & commentary  | | | = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = > >  today ' s special announcement :  | | | = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = > >  we can help you become an internet service provider within 7 days or we will give you $ 100 . 00 ! !  click here  we have already signed 300 isps on a 4 year contract ,  see if any are in your town at :  click here  you are a member in at least one of these programs  - you should be in them all !  bannersgomlm . com  profitbanners . com  cashpromotions . com  mysiteinc . com  timshometownstories . com  freelinksnetwork . com  myshoppingplace . com  bannerco - op . com  putpeel . com  putpeel . net  sellinternetaccess . com  be - your - own - isp . com  seventhpower . com  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  internet success through simplicity  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  every day of the week , i get questions from people all  over the world , including my no bs gimg members ,  wanting to know some of the most valuable "" secrets ""  to my on - going internet success .  let me say , above all else , i don ' t believe there are any  * true * "" secrets "" to success on the net . what you do to  become successful in the online world is not a "" secret "" ,  in my opinion . most successful people follow simple , clear ,  repeatedly - proven strategies to succeed , whether on the  net or off .  but , when it comes to someone asking for advice ,  consultation , or simply asking , "" what ' s your secret ? "" ,  i have to blush & say . . .  persistence and personality .  of course , i always follow the advice with my own little  disclaimer : what makes me successful may not work the  same for you . . . & your first lesson is to get over  the deep - seeded idea that success - of any kind , in  my opinion - is somehow an unknown , unattainable secret .  clearly , it is not . it ' s not unknown . it ' s not unattainable .  it ' s not years of digging to find the "" secrets "" to internet riches .  one thing that "" gets to me "" so often in my work as an  internet consultant , author and internet success  strategist is that so many people on the net seem to  have this incredibly huge mental block that stands  between themselves and success on the net . it ' s  almost as if they ' ve been barraged by so many claims  of what works and what doesn ' t work , and so many  long , complicated routes to actually succeeding in  their online venture , that "" success "" is the equivelant of a 100 - foot high brick wall .  it ' s not that difficult , my friends ! it is not that complicated ! !  long - time friend and business associate rick beneteau  has a new ebook out called branding you & breaking  the bank . get it ! !  http : / / www . roibot . com / bybb . cgi ? im 7517 _ bybtb .  but , the reason i mention this is the fact that he talks  so dynamically about the true simplicity of making your  online venture a success .  and , yes , rick & i come from the same school of  "" self marketing "" - marketing you ! obviously , that ' s  the core of his excellent new ebook , and i couldn ' t  agree with him more .  point being , * you * are everything you do online to  succeed . you are your web site , your business , your  marketing piece , your customer service , your customers '  experiences with your business - - all of it , is you !  read his ebook & you ' ll see more of what i ' m saying .  the matter at hand is that brick wall you might have  standing high as you can see , blocking the path  between you & internet success . listen to me - it is  not real ok ? it doesn ' t exist . there ' s nothing there  to fear to begin with . . . get over it ! !  what i ' m telling you is , the only thing standing between  you and the success you most desire . . . is yourself .  when you realize this , you will tear down that brick  wall by means of complete and instantaneous  disintegration . it will no longer exist * in your mind * ,  which is the only "" real "" place it ever was anyhow !  yes , "" persistence and personality "" inherently includes  honesty , integrity , accountability , and many other  qualities but you also have to hone in on your ultimate  goals and realize that probably the most valuable ,  powerful key to your success . . . is you !  that may be the most incredible "" secret "" we ever  uncover in our lifetime ! and , trust me , that brick wall  won ' t ever get in your way again . . . unless you let it .  talk about simple ! !  bryan is a "" veteran "" internet consultant , author ,  internet success strategist & marketer . he publishes  mega - success . com chronicles to over 11 , 500 subscribing  members , authors articles which appear all over the  net , and helps hundreds of wealth - hungry people in  their journey to internet success .  bryan is also director of his no bs guerrilla internet  marketing group at http : / / . com  & a fantastic new joint venture partners program  for that site .  bryan hall is a founding member and the development  consultant for the prestigious icop ( tm ) at  http : / / www . i - cop . org / 1016 . htm  you can reach bryan at 877 . 230 . 3267 or by  emailing him directly at bryan . hall @ mega - success . com  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  member showcase  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  examine carefully - those with email addresses included will  trade links with you . . . you are encouraged to contact them .  there are many ways to build a successful business - just look at  these successful sites programs other members are involved  in . . .  get insane amounts of traffic to your website .  purchase 10 , 000 guaranteed visitors to your site  and receive 5 , 000 free . more traffic = more money !  less than 2 cents a visitor . space is limited .  order now ! http : / / www . freepicklotto . com  trade links - businessopps @ aol . com  stop smoking - free lesson ! !  discover the secret to stopping smoking .  to master these powerful techniques , come to  http : / / www . breath - of - life . net  for your free lesson .  act now ! p . s . tell someone you care about .  trade links - jturco 3 @ hotmail . com  celebration sale !  $ 99 . 00 on casinos / sportsbetting sites , lingerie stores ,  gift stores , adult sites toy stores .  mention ad # bmlm 99 to receive this special sale price .  order now !  http : / / www . cyberopps . com / ? = bmlm 99  affiliates of the world !  top rated affiliate programs , excellent business opportunities ,  great marketing resources and free advertising for you !  visit the site to trade links . http : / / www . affiliates . uk . com  trade links - adrianbold @ affiliates . uk . com  just been released ! !  internet marketing guru corey rudl has just released a  brand new version of his # 1 best - selling internet marketing  course , "" the insider secret ' s to marketing your business on  the internet "" . a must have ! so don ' t hesitate ,  visit . . http : / / www . adminder . com / c . cgi ? startbgmlmezine  we have a 260 page catalog with over 3000 gift items for men ,  women , children - a gift for everyone . we show 100 gift items  on our web site alone , with the catalog you have access to  the rest . we also feel we have the best prices on the web .  visit at http : / / www . . net  trade links - georgel 932 me @ yahoo . com  if you have a product , service , opportunity or quality merchandise  that appeals to people worldwide , reach your targeted audience !  for a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you can exhibit  your website here , and trade links for only $ 8 cpm . compare  that  to the industry average of $ 10 - $ 15 cpm . why ? . . . because as a  valuable member we want you to be successful ! order today -  showcases are limited and published on a first come , first serve  basis .  for our secure order form , click here : http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  win a free ad in community & commentary  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  to keep this interesting , how about this , every month we ' ll  draw a name from the replies and that person will win one  sponsorship showcase ad in the community commentary , for free .  that ' s a value of over $ 700 . 00 ! respond to each weekly survey ,  and increase your chances to win with four separate entries .  question  of the week ( 07 / 06 / 01 ) . . .  no right or wrong answers , and just by answering  you are entered to win a showcase ad - free !  ~ ~ ~ do you spend more or less time ~ ~ ~  ~ ~ ~ online in the summer months ? ~ ~ ~  more  mailto : one @ aeopublishing . com  less  mailto : two @ aeopublishing . com  same  mailto : three @ aeopublishing . com  to make this as easy as possible for you , just click on the  e - mail address that matches your answer - you do not need to  enter any information in the subject or body of the message .  * * add your comments ! follow directions above and  add your comments in the body of the message , and we ' ll  post the best commentaries along with the responses .  you will automatically be entered in our drawing for a free  sponsorship ad in the community commentary . please  respond only one time per question . multiple responses  from the same individual will be discarded .  last weeks ' s results ( 06 / 29 / 01 )  ~ ~ ~ what is the goal of your website ? ~ ~ ~  sell 40 %  get leads 20 %  build branding 5 %  provide information 20 %  other 15 %  comments :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  our web site is initially designed to get leads , build  branding , and provide information . . . . . . . with a 12 month goal  of selling our service more specifically via a shopping cart .  we offer a service and at this time take deposits and payments  via our site .  our site has been up less than 2 months and our expectation  was that we would refer to our site for leads developed in  traditional media and by referral for more information , and  to make a professional impression on someone you may not  meet before providing service .  the growth of our customer base shopping on line has grown  outside of anyone ' s expectations . . . . . . . certainly mine and  i ' ve been in this business for 25 years . the internet is not  dead in the horse business , it is just getting it ' s legs , and  the folks using it want to get all the ancillary services  on - line as well . our site ( the first we ' ve developed ) has  exceeded our expectations , and we aren ' t satisfied with it  yet . . . . . . . we just wanted to get it there for information !  jeff and rebecca marks http : / / www . grand - champion . com  branding . while quality customer service and product  have been and will always be our top priority brand building  zesto is our most challenging task .  zesto . com ranks very high and most often # 1 or 2 on  all major search engines and directories even yahoo entering  the keyword zesto . the problem is simply that , who if anyone  would type the keyword zesto , therefore we must try to  build our brand by ensuring that generic keywords associated with our products ( citrus peel ) are used throughout  our site as well as search engine submissions .  fortunately owning a non generic domain short , easy  to remember and trademarked works in our favor because  the marketability potential is limitless .  arlene turner http : / / www . zesto . com  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  to change your subscribed address ,  send both new and old address to submit  see below for unsubscribe instructions .  please send suggestions and comments to : editor  i invite you to send your real successes and showcase  your strategies and techniques , or yes , even your total bombs ,  "" working together we can all prosper . "" submit  for information on how to sponsor your membership  community commentary visit : sponsorship  showcase  copyright 2001 aeopublishing . com  email : yourmembership 2 @ aeopublishing . com  voice :  web : http : / / www . aeopublishing . com  this email has been sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com at your  request , by your membership newsletter services .  visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .  http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / d . jsp ? p = oo & id = bd 7 n 7877 . 7 giv 5 d 57 & m = bd 7 n 7877 charset = iso - 8859 - 1  in this issue  internet success through simplicity  member showcase  win a free ad in community & commentary  today ' s special announcement :  win a free ad in community & commentaryto keep this interesting , how about this , every month we ' ll  draw a name from the replies and that person will win one  sponsorship showcase ad in the community commentary , for free .  that ' s a value of over $ 700 . 00 ! respond to each weekly survey ,  and increase your chances to win with four separate entries .  question  of the week ( 07 / 06 / 01 ) . . .  no right or wrong answers , and just by answering  you are entered to win a showcase ad - free !  ~ ~ ~ do you spend more or less time ~ ~ ~  ~ ~ ~ online in the summer months ? ~ ~ ~  more  mailto : one @ aeopublishing . com  less  mailto : two @ aeopublishing . com  same  mailto : three @ aeopublishing . com  to make this as easy as possible for you , just click on the  e - mail address that matches your answer - you do not need to  enter any information in the subject or body of the message .  * * add your comments ! follow directions above and  add your comments in the body of the message , and we ' ll  post the best commentaries along with the responses .  you will automatically be entered in our drawing for a free  sponsorship ad in the community commentary . please  respond only one time per question . multiple responses  from the same individual will be discarded .  last weeks ' s results ( 06 / 29 / 01 )  ~ ~ ~ what is the goal of your website ? ~ ~ ~  sell 40 %  get leads 20 %  build branding 5 %  provide information 20 %  other 15 %  comments :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  our web site is initially designed to get leads , build  branding , and provide information . . . . . . . with a 12 month goal  of selling our service more specifically via a shopping cart .  we offer a service and at this time take deposits and payments  via our site .  our site has been up less than 2 months and our expectation  was that we would refer to our site for leads developed in  traditional media and by referral for more information , and  to make a professional impression on someone you may not  meet before providing service .  the growth of our customer base shopping on line has grown  outside of anyone ' s expectations . . . . . . . certainly mine and  i ' ve been in this business for 25 years . the internet is not  dead in the horse business , it is just getting it ' s legs , and  the folks using it want to get all the ancillary services  on - line as well . our site ( the first we ' ve developed ) has  exceeded our expectations , and we aren ' t satisfied with it  yet . . . . . . . we just wanted to get it there for information !  jeff and rebecca marks http : / / www . grand - champion . com  branding . while quality customer service and product  have been and will always be our top priority brand building  zesto is our most challenging task .  zesto . com ranks very high and most often # 1 or 2 on  all major search engines and directories even yahoo entering  the keyword zesto . the problem is simply that , who if anyone  would type the keyword zesto , therefore we must try to  build our brand by ensuring that generic keywords associated with our products ( citrus peel ) are used throughout  our site as well as search engine submissions .  fortunately owning a non generic domain short , easy  to remember and trademarked works in our favor because  the marketability potential is limitless .  arlene turner http : / / www . zesto . com  to change your subscribed address ,  send both new and old address to submit  see below for unsubscribe instructions .  please send suggestions and comments to : editor  i invite you to send your real successes and showcase  your strategies and techniques , or yes , even your total bombs ,  "" working together we can all prosper . "" submit  for information on how to sponsor your membership  community commentary visit : sponsorship  showcase  copyright 2001 aeopublishing . com  email us : : visit our site  phone :  this email was sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com , at your request , by your membership newsletter services .  visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .  view our privacy policy .  powered by ",1,membership community charset iso membership community commentary july making money information provide absolute best low cost ways providing traffic site helping capitalize power potential web brings every net preneur issue contains sites trade links issue internet success simplicity member showcase win free ad community commentary today special announcement help become internet service provider within days give click already signed isps year contract see town click member least one programs bannersgomlm com profitbanners com cashpromotions com mysiteinc com timshometownstories com freelinksnetwork com myshoppingplace com bannerco op com putpeel com putpeel net sellinternetaccess com isp com seventhpower com internet success simplicity every day week get questions people world including bs gimg members wanting know valuable secrets going internet success let say else believe true secrets success net become successful online world secret opinion successful people follow simple clear repeatedly proven strategies succeed whether net comes someone asking advice consultation simply asking secret blush say persistence personality course always follow advice little disclaimer makes successful may work first lesson get deep seeded idea success kind opinion somehow unknown unattainable secret clearly unknown unattainable years digging find secrets internet riches one thing gets often work internet consultant author internet success strategist many people net seem incredibly huge mental block stands success net almost barraged many claims works work many long complicated routes actually succeeding online venture success equivelant foot high brick wall difficult friends complicated long time friend business associate rick beneteau new ebook called branding breaking bank get http www roibot com bybb cgi im bybtb reason mention fact talks dynamically true simplicity making online venture success yes rick come school self marketing marketing obviously core excellent new ebook agree point everything online succeed web site business marketing piece customer service customers experiences business read ebook see saying matter hand brick wall might standing high see blocking path internet success listen real ok exist nothing fear begin get telling thing standing success desire realize tear brick wall means complete instantaneous disintegration longer exist mind real place ever anyhow yes persistence personality inherently includes honesty integrity accountability many qualities also hone ultimate goals realize probably valuable powerful key success may incredible secret ever uncover lifetime trust brick wall ever get way unless let talk simple bryan veteran internet consultant author internet success strategist marketer publishes mega success com chronicles subscribing members authors articles appear net helps hundreds wealth hungry people journey internet success bryan also director bs guerrilla internet marketing group http com fantastic new joint venture partners program site bryan hall founding member development consultant prestigious icop tm http www cop org htm reach bryan emailing directly bryan hall mega success com member showcase examine carefully email addresses included trade links encouraged contact many ways build successful business look successful sites programs members involved get insane amounts traffic website purchase guaranteed visitors site receive free traffic money less cents visitor space limited order http www freepicklotto com trade links businessopps aol com stop smoking free lesson discover secret stopping smoking master powerful techniques come http www breath life net free lesson act p tell someone care trade links jturco hotmail com celebration sale casinos sportsbetting sites lingerie stores gift stores adult sites toy stores mention ad bmlm receive special sale price order http www cyberopps com bmlm affiliates world top rated affiliate programs excellent business opportunities great marketing resources free advertising visit site trade links http www affiliates uk com trade links adrianbold affiliates uk com released internet marketing guru corey rudl released brand new version best selling internet marketing course insider secret marketing business internet must hesitate visit http www adminder com c cgi startbgmlmezine page catalog gift items men women children gift everyone show gift items web site alone catalog access rest also feel best prices web visit http www net trade links georgel yahoo com product service opportunity quality merchandise appeals people worldwide reach targeted audience fraction large newsletters charge exhibit website trade links cpm compare industry average cpm valuable member want successful order today showcases limited published first come first serve basis secure order form click http bannersgomlm com ezine win free ad community commentary keep interesting every month draw name replies person win one sponsorship showcase ad community commentary free value respond weekly survey increase chances win four separate entries question week right wrong answers answering entered win showcase ad free spend less time online summer months mailto one aeopublishing com less mailto two aeopublishing com mailto three aeopublishing com make easy possible click e mail address matches answer need enter information subject body message add comments follow directions add comments body message post best commentaries along responses automatically entered drawing free sponsorship ad community commentary please respond one time per question multiple responses individual discarded last weeks results goal website sell get leads build branding provide information comments web site initially designed get leads build branding provide information month goal selling service specifically via shopping cart offer service time take deposits payments via site site less months expectation would refer site leads developed traditional media referral information make professional impression someone may meet providing service growth customer base shopping line grown outside anyone expectations certainly mine business years internet dead horse business getting legs folks using want get ancillary services line well site first developed exceeded expectations satisfied yet wanted get information jeff rebecca marks http www grand champion com branding quality customer service product always top priority brand building zesto challenging task zesto com ranks high often major search engines directories even yahoo entering keyword zesto problem simply anyone would type keyword zesto therefore must try build brand ensuring generic keywords associated products citrus peel used throughout site well search engine submissions fortunately owning non generic domain short easy remember trademarked works favor marketability potential limitless arlene turner http www zesto com change subscribed address send new old address submit see unsubscribe instructions please send suggestions comments editor invite send real successes showcase strategies techniques yes even total bombs working together prosper submit information sponsor membership community commentary visit sponsorship showcase copyright aeopublishing com email yourmembership aeopublishing com voice web http www aeopublishing com email sent jm netnoteinc com request membership newsletter services visit subscription center edit interests unsubscribe http ccprod roving com roving jsp p oo id bd n giv bd n charset iso issue internet success simplicity member showcase win free ad community commentary today special announcement win free ad community commentaryto keep interesting every month draw name replies person win one sponsorship showcase ad community commentary free value respond weekly survey increase chances win four separate entries question week right wrong answers answering entered win showcase ad free spend less time online summer months mailto one aeopublishing com less mailto two aeopublishing com mailto three aeopublishing com make easy possible click e mail address matches answer need enter information subject body message add comments follow directions add comments body message post best commentaries along responses automatically entered drawing free sponsorship ad community commentary please respond one time per question multiple responses individual discarded last weeks results goal website sell get leads build branding provide information comments web site initially designed get leads build branding provide information month goal selling service specifically via shopping cart offer service time take deposits payments via site site less months expectation would refer site leads developed traditional media referral information make professional impression someone may meet providing service growth customer base shopping line grown outside anyone expectations certainly mine business years internet dead horse business getting legs folks using want get ancillary services line well site first developed exceeded expectations satisfied yet wanted get information jeff rebecca marks http www grand champion com branding quality customer service product always top priority brand building zesto challenging task zesto com ranks high often major search engines directories even yahoo entering keyword zesto problem simply anyone would type keyword zesto therefore must try build brand ensuring generic keywords associated products citrus peel used throughout site well search engine submissions fortunately owning non generic domain short easy remember trademarked works favor marketability potential limitless arlene turner http www zesto com change subscribed address send new old address submit see unsubscribe instructions please send suggestions comments editor invite send real successes showcase strategies techniques yes even total bombs working together prosper submit information sponsor membership community commentary visit sponsorship showcase copyright aeopublishing com email us visit site phone email sent jm netnoteinc com request membership newsletter services visit subscription center edit interests unsubscribe view privacy policy powered
"Subject: re : congratulations  thanks . congratulations to you .  ray  vince j kaminski  01 / 11 / 2000 09 : 49 am  to : raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : congratulations  ray ,  congratulations . well deserved .  vince",0,congratulations thanks congratulations ray vince j kaminski raymond bowen hou ect ect cc subject congratulations ray congratulations well deserved vince
"Subject: wti trading simulation presentation - combinded  john ,  just finished the continous trading case . please see  the two attached files . let me know if you want to add  more scenarios .  happy holidays !  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - attachment - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  open - close trading :  close - close trading :",0,wti trading simulation presentation combinded john finished continous trading case please see two attached files let know want add scenarios happy holidays zimin attachment open close trading close close trading
"Subject: welcome to - energy news live  dear vincent kaminski ,  welcome to energy news live - http : / / www . energynewslive . com !  you are receiving this email as a result of your recent registration .  free energy news live membership  we ' re glad you ' ve joined us ; we think you ' ll find enl an amazing business  tool ,  with live , up - to the - minute news every hour on the hour of every business day .  insight from actual traders . exotic and proprietary  weather modeling . a new cross - commodity index . we ' ll break every  energy headline around the world , and bring them right to your desktop .  so sign on , leave it on , stay on top . and enjoy your membership to  energynewslive . com , the first real - time energy network .  also , thank you for your request to receive more information from  energynewslive . com . keep checking your email for updates and  special offers .  if you did not request to receive special offers from enl please  click here to de - activate :  you have also indicated that you would like to receive a daily  video wrap - up from energynewslive . com .  if you did not request to receive a daily video wrap - up from enl please  click here to de - activate :  sincerely ,  the energy news live team",0,welcome energy news live dear vincent kaminski welcome energy news live http www energynewslive com receiving email result recent registration free energy news live membership glad joined us think find enl amazing business tool live minute news every hour hour every business day insight actual traders exotic proprietary weather modeling new cross commodity index break every energy headline around world bring right desktop sign leave stay top enjoy membership energynewslive com first real time energy network also thank request receive information energynewslive com keep checking email updates special offers request receive special offers enl please click de activate also indicated would like receive daily video wrap energynewslive com request receive daily video wrap enl please click de activate sincerely energy news live team
"Subject: everybody ,  as vince suggested , i made a topical allocation of our new website for  quality control . can you please check out in detail , and put through the  paces , the following list ?  weather mike  links maureen  technical analysis steve bigalow  options library zimin ( this is a big one ! ! )  european weather jose  agricaltural weather jose ( be sure and run spell check ! ! ! )  weather derivatives stephen  presentations tanya  nuclear outage updates sam  fx and sovergn risk maureen  industry analysis vasant  publications osman  research intelligence stinson  hot button # 8 vince  thanks , just email me with any problems or ideas for adds / changes  - - - mike",0,everybody vince suggested made topical allocation new website quality control please check detail put paces following list weather mike links maureen technical analysis steve bigalow options library zimin big one european weather jose agricaltural weather jose sure run spell check weather derivatives stephen presentations tanya nuclear outage updates sam fx sovergn risk maureen industry analysis vasant publications osman research intelligence stinson hot button vince thanks email problems ideas adds changes mike
"Subject: re : rollover of my vacation days to 2001  krishna ,  no problem . approved .  vince  pinnamaneni krishnarao  12 / 11 / 2000 06 : 28 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : rollover of my vacation days to 2001  vince :  i would like to rollover my vacation days for 2000 remaining at the end of  this year to 2001 . i could not use us all of my available vacation this year  because of the following reasons :  1 . as you know , i have been supporting three business units ( ees , epg & enron  india ) this year . all these units had difficult and relatively long projects  that required experience in energy markets , derivatives pricing and business  knowledge that i had gained over the last few years at enron .  2 . there has been a significant change in the team members reporting to me . i  now have six people under me compared to only three at the begin of the year .  of the current six members , five joined us only this year and most of them  didn ' t have any prior work experience , thus requiring a lot of my time in  recruiting , training and mentoring .  3 . given that i had to visit our bombay office in january , 2000 for a  business trip ( 10 days ) and will need to go there again in january , 2001 , i  could not take leave from my work for the other two units ( ees & epg ) for an  extended period of time .  so , in summary , this year has been a long and challenging one , and as a  result , i could not take vacation for more than a few days . i request you to  grant the rollover of my remaining vacation to next year .  currently i have 136 hours of vacation available and , of these , i expect to  have 112 hours unused at the end of this year .  thank you ,  krishna .",0,rollover vacation days krishna problem approved vince pinnamaneni krishnarao pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject rollover vacation days vince would like rollover vacation days remaining end year could use us available vacation year following reasons know supporting three business units ees epg enron india year units difficult relatively long projects required experience energy markets derivatives pricing business knowledge gained last years enron significant change team members reporting six people compared three begin year current six members five joined us year prior work experience thus requiring lot time recruiting training mentoring given visit bombay office january business trip days need go january could take leave work two units ees epg extended period time summary year long challenging one result could take vacation days request grant rollover remaining vacation next year currently hours vacation available expect hours unused end year thank krishna
"Subject: phil roan  phil roan of koch ' s weather group has accepted a position with reliant  working for their power desk . he starts in a week . we tried to get him to  reconsider , but he said that he was already committed .",0,phil roan phil roan koch weather group accepted position reliant working power desk starts week tried get reconsider said already committed
Subject: mgmt 656 ( rice university )  here are your rosters for mgmt 656 . let me know if you need a list of  e - mail addresses as well . i will update you as student schedules change .  - pam  ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  - 656 . doc,0,mgmt rice university rosters mgmt let know need list e mail addresses well update student schedules change pam doc
"Subject: lacima energy and weather derivatives courses by clewlow and  strickland  please find attached information ? for our next two courses and workshops : ?  energy derivatives : ? pricing and risk management and  weather derivatives , which will be conducted in houston and in london in feb  / march 2001 . ? instructors will be dr les clewlow and dr chris strickland .  ?  because the course requires intense interaction , the courses will be ? limited  to a maximum of 15 people , so early registration is encouraged .  ?  if you require further information , or would like to register for either or  both ? courses , please contact me via this email or our web site , ? www .  lacimagroup . com  - energy . pdf  - weather . pdf",0,lacima energy weather derivatives courses clewlow strickland please find attached information next two courses workshops energy derivatives pricing risk management weather derivatives conducted houston london feb march instructors dr les clewlow dr chris strickland course requires intense interaction courses limited maximum people early registration encouraged require information would like register either courses please contact via email web site www lacimagroup com energy pdf weather pdf
Subject: you best friends and family deserve the best internet photo album !  software distribution .  a horse ! a horse ! my kingdom for a horse !  heroes are often the most ordinary of men .,1,best friends family deserve best internet photo album software distribution horse horse kingdom horse heroes often ordinary men
"Subject: re : final pivot table for mg metals globals positions data  dear all ,  please see attached spreadsheet - we will have to think of a way to automate  the position update - right now it ' s a manual process to convert the text  file that andreas sends us to proper spreadsheet format and then pivot table  the results - only takes about 20 minutes to do this however . note that the  version la var model links via vlookup to the spreadsheet attached ( as you  know , we have to use vlookup because mg does not necessarily have positions  in all forward months , whilst the pivot table only produces numbers for  forward months with a position ) .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  positions as of 19 th july  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 25 / 07 / 2000 20 : 41  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe  from : anjam ahmad 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 17  to : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , grant  masson / hou / ect @ ect , andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron  subject : re : positions data  our pivot table ; we noticed that copper position for 19 th july has option  included but this is not reported in mercur - i guess we should include the  5 , 248 tonnes for the copper option for 2000 . 09 , but we won ' t show any gamma .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 18  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe  from : anjam ahmad 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 14  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron  subject : re : positions data  hi tanya ,  we are using the data for 19 th july from andreas - see file attached . we are  using this because we can reconcile to mercur print out that we got from  andreas last wednesday . if you don ' t mind , perhaps cantekin can try again  with this new sheet attached . we already looked at it , but would like to see  what cantekin can come up with independently . i think the positions changed  a lot from 3 rd july ( your data ) to 19 th july .  thanks ,  anjam & kirstee",0,final pivot table mg metals globals positions data dear please see attached spreadsheet think way automate position update right manual process convert text file andreas sends us proper spreadsheet format pivot table results takes minutes however note version la var model links via vlookup spreadsheet attached know use vlookup mg necessarily positions forward months whilst pivot table produces numbers forward months position regards anjam x positions th july forwarded anjam ahmad lon ect enron europe anjam ahmad cantekin dincerler hou ect ect cc tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect kirstee hewitt lon ect ect grant masson hou ect ect andreas barschkis mgusa com enron subject positions data pivot table noticed copper position th july option included reported mercur guess include tonnes copper option show gamma forwarded anjam ahmad lon ect enron europe anjam ahmad tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc cantekin dincerler hou ect ect andreas barschkis mgusa com enron subject positions data hi tanya using data th july andreas see file attached using reconcile mercur print got andreas last wednesday mind perhaps cantekin try new sheet attached already looked would like see cantekin come independently think positions changed lot rd july data th july thanks anjam kirstee
"Subject: wharton business plan competition  hi anne !  i ' ll be at wharton on tuesday the 20 th - - perhaps we can get together to  discuss this sometime later in the afternoon . what does your schedule look  like ?  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 08 am - - - - -  "" stamer , anne ""  01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 47 pm  to : "" ' christie _ patrick @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : wharton business plan competition  dear christie :  thank you for your voice mail . things are moving along nicely with the  competition . phase ii deadline was today , so we hope to have some  statistics in the next few weeks . i have attached the statistics from phase  i , for your files . listed below are ways that enron could be involved , let  me know in which ( or all ) of these enron would be interested in participating .  * we want to start listing our sponsors , so it would be really good if we  could get your logo .  * also , does enron wish to be a judge in phase iii and the venture fair  ( vf ) ? for phase iii , we would mail each judge about 3 full blown business  plans to be ranked . we anticipate this taking no more than 1 afternoon  * for the vf , we would need a judge to be present for the entire day . the  vf is by invitation only and we anticipate about 350 students , venture  capitalists , business entrepreneurs and faculty . the vf will be held in  philadelphia on april 30 th .  * at the vf we will provide an opportunity for our sponsors with a 6 foot  table for exhibits or materials to hand out . we will need to know if you  wish to use the exhibit space .  * we plan on providing our 25 semi - finalist teams with one - on - one  mentoring . if enron is interested , that would be about 1 / 2 or 1 day  commitment .  * there might be an opportunity for a workshop to the university community .  would enron be interested in participating in something like this ?  i look forward to working with you to make this year ' s bpc a success . thank  you .  sincerely ,  anne stamer  >  anne stamer  wharton business plan competition  wharton entrepreneurial programs  the wharton school  419 vance hall , 3733 spruce street  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6374  215 - 746 - 6460 ( direct )  215 - 898 - 4856 ( office )  215 - 898 - 1299 ( fax )  stamer @ wharton . upenn . edu  - phase ioverview . doc",0,wharton business plan competition hi anne wharton tuesday th perhaps get together discuss sometime later afternoon schedule look like thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect stamer anne pm christie patrick enron com cc subject wharton business plan competition dear christie thank voice mail things moving along nicely competition phase ii deadline today hope statistics next weeks attached statistics phase files listed ways enron could involved let know enron would interested participating want start listing sponsors would really good could get logo also enron wish judge phase iii venture fair vf phase iii would mail judge full blown business plans ranked anticipate taking afternoon vf would need judge present entire day vf invitation anticipate students venture capitalists business entrepreneurs faculty vf held philadelphia april th vf provide opportunity sponsors foot table exhibits materials hand need know wish use exhibit space plan providing semi finalist teams one one mentoring enron interested would day commitment might opportunity workshop university community would enron interested participating something like look forward working make year bpc success thank sincerely anne stamer anne stamer wharton business plan competition wharton entrepreneurial programs wharton school vance hall spruce street philadelphia pa direct office fax stamer wharton upenn edu phase ioverview doc
"Subject: re : iris mack  let me see what we can work out , vince , and we ' ll get back to you .  molly  vince j kaminski  12 / 18 / 2000 01 : 46 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : iris mack  molly ,  this is the list of people we can ask to interview iris .  i would include one ( or possibly more ) people from each group below ,  depending on availability .  1 . debbie brackett or bill bradford  2 . ted murphy , bjorn hagelman or david port  3 . mark tawney or joe hrgovcic  4 . greg whalley or louise kitchen  i shall send a message to them explaining that we try to identify the best  fit for a good  candidate .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 12 / 18 / 2000 11 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : iris mack  iris would like to come on thursday , 12 / 28 / 2000 , to visit with you and your  group . she will be in new orleans , and will just fly in for the day .  molly",0,iris mack let see work vince get back molly vince j kaminski pm molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject iris mack molly list people ask interview iris would include one possibly people group depending availability debbie brackett bill bradford ted murphy bjorn hagelman david port mark tawney joe hrgovcic greg whalley louise kitchen shall send message explaining try identify best fit good candidate vince enron north america corp molly magee vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject iris mack iris would like come thursday visit group new orleans fly day molly
"Subject: renshi zhang ' s resume  shirley and molly ,  vince is interested to set up an interview for renshi zhang . any day except  thursday next week  is good .  interviewers : vince , stinson , vasant , tanya , alex , bob , krishna and myself .  contact number for mr . zhang is 713 - 544 - 5989 .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 52 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 49 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 46 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 06 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001  10 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  marshall brown on 03 / 09 / 2001 07 : 46 : 22 am  to : vince kaminski  cc :  subject : resume  vince ,  how are you . this candidate would be interested in any positions in  your group .  regards ,  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596  fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312  mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  http : / / www . robertwalters . com  >  caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  be intercepted by a third party .  this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  the system manager .  this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  - zhan _ ren . doc",0,renshi zhang resume shirley molly vince interested set interview renshi zhang day except thursday next week good interviewers vince stinson vasant tanya alex bob krishna contact number mr zhang zimin forwarded zimin lu hou ect pm zimin lu forwarded zimin lu hou ect vince j kaminski zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject resume forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect marshall brown vince kaminski cc subject resume vince candidate would interested positions group regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel fax mailto marshall brown robertwalters com http www robertwalters com caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses zhan ren doc
"Subject: re : vol model  from : pavel zadorozhny on 08 / 31 / 2000 06 : 45 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , naveen  andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : vol model  it ' s been a while since i put this together . some assumptions , such as those  about the current var methodology may not be correct . but my ideas and the  math involved are hopefully reasonable . let me know if you have any questions .  pavel , x 34778",0,vol model pavel zadorozhny pm grant masson hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect naveen andrews corp enron enron cc subject vol model since put together assumptions current var methodology may correct ideas math involved hopefully reasonable let know questions pavel x
"Subject: re : referral  can you advise as to whether or not li xiao referred alex to you last  summer . i need to know this in order to process  an employee referral ( under old plan ) for her .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by linda vargo / hou / ect on 02 / 14 / 2000 02 : 39  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  li xiao @ enron  02 / 14 / 2000 11 : 19 am  to : linda vargo / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : referral  hi , linda ,  i wonder if you heard from vince kaminski regarding my referral for alex  huang .  thanks ,  li x 39635  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by li xiao / corp / enron on 02 / 14 / 2000 11 : 12 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  linda vargo @ ect  01 / 17 / 2000 04 : 29 pm  to : li xiao / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject : re : referral  i am waiting for feedback from vince kaminsky . as soon as i know something ,  i will advise .",0,referral advise whether li xiao referred alex last summer need know order process employee referral old plan forwarded linda vargo hou ect pm li xiao enron linda vargo hou ect ect cc subject referral hi linda wonder heard vince kaminski regarding referral alex huang thanks li x forwarded li xiao corp enron linda vargo ect pm li xiao enron development enron development cc subject referral waiting feedback vince kaminsky soon know something advise
"Subject: loose your fat in 9 days  are you  overweight ?  loose 9 pounds every 11  days !  do you want to loose weight fast  the natural way ?  the idiot proof diet  will help you shed 9 pounds every 11 days , take it for a free test drive  at the link below :  click here for the  idiot proof diet  w a r n i n g :  if  you notice that you are loosing too much weight to quickly , then you  should stop dieting for a few days if you loose more than 1 pound per  day you should slow down a little .  click here for the  idiot proof diet  affid : zoolant 44561  getresponse marketing p . 0 box 1451 waterfall , south africa 3652 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1,loose fat days overweight loose pounds every days want loose weight fast natural way idiot proof diet help shed pounds every days take free test drive link click idiot proof diet w r n n g notice loosing much weight quickly stop dieting days loose pound per day slow little click idiot proof diet affid zoolant getresponse marketing p box waterfall south africa e mail message advertisement solicitation
"Subject: secure your account  dear lasalle bank  customer ,  we  recently noticed one or more attempts to login intro your lasalle bank  online  banking account for a foreign ip address and we have reasons to believe  that  your account was hijacked by a third party without your  notification .  if you recently  logged intro your account while traveling to a foreign country , the  unusual  login attempts may have been made by you .  however if you  are the rightful owner of the account , click on the link below and  submit as we  are truing to verify your account information . ( in case you are not  enrolled use  your social security number as you user id and the first six digits of  your  social security number as a password ) .  the login attempt  was made from :  ip :  82 . 89 . 87 . 55  isp host :  host 55 - 87 . pool 8289 . interbusiness . it  if you chose to  ignore our request , we have no choice but to temporarily suspend your  online  banking account . ",1,secure account dear lasalle bank customer recently noticed one attempts login intro lasalle bank online banking account foreign ip address reasons believe account hijacked third party without notification recently logged intro account traveling foreign country unusual login attempts may made however rightful owner account click link submit truing verify account information case enrolled use social security number user id first six digits social security number password login attempt made ip isp host host pool interbusiness chose ignore request choice temporarily suspend online banking account
"Subject: = ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? fw : _ cd _ nua _ do _ dhamhsa = ed _ ch = e 9 il = ed ? =  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : rathcairn  to : automail  script ; automail  script ; astraea @ iol . ie ; ?se tobin ; arabenl 6313168 @ hotmail . com ; aofarachain @ tinet . ie ; aofarachain @ eircom . net ; anthony  gorman ; ann - mari bergkvist ; annemarie meehan ; annemarie mcdonnell ; anne 7172 @ arabia . com ; anna  swelund ; anna ni thuama ; ann faherty  ; anewloan @ mail . ru ; andy  plunkett ; andrew  delany ; andrea nic oscair ; an  fhiontarlann ; amurtagh @ tinet . ie ; amanda n?  ghuidhir ; als 2 @ hotmail . com ; alpha @ fun . 21 cn . com  ; allen moira  ; allen carberry ; alex _ doyle @ ie . ibm . com ; alan mcgowan ; alain  civel ; aishling n? raghallaigh ; ?ine m?ire n? choile?in ; aine  guilfoyle ; ailin . nichuir @ ucd . ie ; ail?n n?  h?g?in ; aileen  o ' meara , rte ; advisor @ physiciansblend . net ; adshwe @ bekkers . com . au ; adrian 28 @ esatclear . ie ; admin ; ade kallas ; adare productions ; abqewvbgf @ iinet . net . au ; aal 133777 @ yahoo . com ; a _ crothers @ looksmart . com . au ; 89 ok 7 yumhjn @ msn . com ; 12 unidiploma @ msn . com ; ogbvll 2 jf @ solvo . spb . su ; daithi mac carthaigh ; d 7596 @ go . ru ; d 23463 @ portugalmail . com  cc : 09886 w @ ams . com . br ; 0815 @ activate . de ; 01 bb 91 b 2 . 7 e 887960 @ genesys . pt ; 00 luke @ upline . se  sent : tuesday , may 21 , 2002 3 : 47 pm  subject : cd nua do dhamhsa? ch?il?  a chara ,  email gairid le cur in i?l duit faoi  dhl?thdhiosca nua at? ar f?il dona damhsa? ch?il? is coitianta i measc daoine  ?ga .  t? ceol ar dona damhsa? seo a leanas  :  balla? luimn?  briseadh na carraige  baint an fh?ir  ionsa? na hinse  port an fh?mhair  cor na s?og  r?ic? mh?la  tonna? thora?  droichead ?tha luain  staic?n eorna  se?in?n  cor beirte  shoe the donkey  waltzes  agus eile  is f?idir an cd a cheannach tr?d www . damhsa . com  n? 086 8339082  le meas ,  brian ? broin ",1,iso q fw cd nua dhamhsa ed ch e il ed original message rathcairn automail script automail script astraea iol ie se tobin arabenl hotmail com aofarachain tinet ie aofarachain eircom net anthony gorman ann mari bergkvist annemarie meehan annemarie mcdonnell anne arabia com anna swelund anna ni thuama ann faherty anewloan mail ru andy plunkett andrew delany andrea nic oscair fhiontarlann amurtagh tinet ie amanda n ghuidhir als hotmail com alpha fun cn com allen moira allen carberry alex doyle ie ibm com alan mcgowan alain civel aishling n raghallaigh ine mire n choilein aine guilfoyle ailin nichuir ucd ie ailn n hgin aileen meara rte advisor physiciansblend net adshwe bekkers com au adrian esatclear ie admin ade kallas adare productions abqewvbgf iinet net au aal yahoo com crothers looksmart com au ok yumhjn msn com unidiploma msn com ogbvll jf solvo spb su daithi mac carthaigh go ru portugalmail com cc w ams com br activate de bb b e genesys pt luke upline se sent tuesday may pm subject cd nua dhamhsa chil chara email gairid le cur il duit faoi dhlthdhiosca nua ar fil dona damhsa chil coitianta measc daoine ga ceol ar dona damhsa seo leanas balla luimn briseadh na carraige baint fhir ionsa na hinse port fhmhair cor na sog ric mhla tonna thora droichead tha luain staicn eorna seinn cor beirte shoe donkey waltzes agus eile fidir cd cheannach trd www damhsa com n le meas brian broin
Subject: it works fine  want to know how to save over nausea 60 % on your piils ?  http : / / www nightly . registeouse . com - successfull and proven way t seaborn o save you sememe r money .  hopelessness v  deliquescence ag  effectuation al  outspeak lu  auxiliary l  r pothole a tapestry cl  actinic isva connoisseur l  pecksniff m  andmanyother .  best prlc ponderosity es .  high confluent quaiity .  worldwide shlpplng desire .  to stupidity tal confidentiaiity .  250 . 000 + satisfied cust flexile omers .  have a nice d nodulated ay !,1,works fine want know save nausea piils http www nightly registeouse com successfull proven way seaborn save sememe r money hopelessness v deliquescence ag effectuation al outspeak lu auxiliary l r pothole tapestry cl actinic isva connoisseur l pecksniff andmanyother best prlc ponderosity es high confluent quaiity worldwide shlpplng desire stupidity tal confidentiaiity satisfied cust flexile omers nice nodulated ay
"Subject: enron announcement  car rental options for enron travelers  rental car contracts for 2001 have been awarded to :  national car rental ( primary ) and alamo rent - a - car ( secondary ) .  the intent of these agreements is to consolidate and leverage enron ' s total  car rental spend to achieve the most favorable rates and non - pricing  provisions ( i . e . insurance ) .  national car rental , due to its service levels , availability and total value  proposition , has been awarded primary status and is recommended as the first  choice for enron travelers ' needs .  alamo rent - a - car , a sister company to national , has been awarded a contract  reflecting a secondary status , due to its service levels , availability and  low cost solutions . alamo is recommended as an alternative to national ,  where available .  when you rent a vehicle in the united states , ( including puerto rico ) or  canada , the following insurance provisions are included , regardless of rate  selected :  1 . l / dw ( loss / damage waiver ) - this is what is called comprehensive or  collision on your personal auto . it covers the rental vehicle and pays for  any damage to it .  2 . liability - this covers people and property outside the rental vehicle .  for both national and alamo , the coverage is $ 100 , 000 per person , $ 300 , 000  per occurrence and $ 50 , 000 for property damage .  * * important * * *  these coverages apply regardless of rate selected , as long as the following  contract id is communicated at the time of reservation and rental is recorded  on the transaction rental agreement . ( national - 5000838 alamo - # 143974 )  to enjoy the highest levels of service while renting a vehicle from enron ' s  preferred suppliers , it is recommended that each traveler enroll in  national ' s and alamo ' s preferred traveler programs . national ' s emerald club  membership and alamo ' s quicksilver program are designed to speed the  transaction time by providing services such as counter bypass and rapid  return . the enrollment fees for these programs have been waived for enron  travelers . enrollment packets will be mailed to the addresses of enron  american express t & e cardholders . you may also find an enrollment form on  the enron travel program intranet @ gss . enron . com .  if you have any questions or comments , please contact jeff leath at  713 - 646 - 6165 .",0,enron announcement car rental options enron travelers rental car contracts awarded national car rental primary alamo rent car secondary intent agreements consolidate leverage enron total car rental spend achieve favorable rates non pricing provisions e insurance national car rental due service levels availability total value proposition awarded primary status recommended first choice enron travelers needs alamo rent car sister company national awarded contract reflecting secondary status due service levels availability low cost solutions alamo recommended alternative national available rent vehicle united states including puerto rico canada following insurance provisions included regardless rate selected l dw loss damage waiver called comprehensive collision personal auto covers rental vehicle pays damage liability covers people property outside rental vehicle national alamo coverage per person per occurrence property damage important coverages apply regardless rate selected long following contract id communicated time reservation rental recorded transaction rental agreement national alamo enjoy highest levels service renting vehicle enron preferred suppliers recommended traveler enroll national alamo preferred traveler programs national emerald club membership alamo quicksilver program designed speed transaction time providing services counter bypass rapid return enrollment fees programs waived enron travelers enrollment packets mailed addresses enron american express e cardholders may also find enrollment form enron travel program intranet gss enron com questions comments please contact jeff leath
"Subject: metals curves  hi maureen  i hope you ' re keeping well . london research has been asked to validate the  long - term copper ( and other ) forward curves being used by mg . clearly this  lies outside our domain of expertise ( being economics ) , so i ' ve referred tani  to you .  speak to you soon ,  steve",0,metals curves hi maureen hope keeping well london research asked validate long term copper forward curves used mg clearly lies outside domain expertise economics referred tani speak soon steve
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  all listed software is available for immediate downioad !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery !  just few exampies :  - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage !  best reqards ,  karine ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions qerman french spanish uk many others listed software available immediate downioad need wait week cd deiivery exampies norton internet security pro windows xp professionai sp full version corel draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciudinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native ianguage best reqards karine
"Subject: easy - tag board : : more options to fit your site  thank you for your interest in easy - tag board . our goal is to provide you with the best software and support possible . we know you have a choice and appreciate the opportunity to assist with your online needs . we are confident that you will see the benefits of using the easy - tag board .  highly customizable easy to configure fast , reliable , & secure  server o / s independent cross - browser compatible more features text - decoration : none "" face = arial , helvetica , sans - serif > www . easy - tagboard . com  you are receiving this email because you opted - in to our mailing list or someone you know referred you to us . we respect your right to privacy and your desire not to be bothered by unwanted emails . if you do not wish to receive any further newsletters , please click the link below to be permanently removed from out mailing list .  to unsubscribe click ( here ) .",1,easy tag board options fit site thank interest easy tag board goal provide best software support possible know choice appreciate opportunity assist online needs confident see benefits using easy tag board highly customizable easy configure fast reliable secure server independent cross browser compatible features text decoration none face arial helvetica sans serif www easy tagboard com receiving email opted mailing list someone know referred us respect right privacy desire bothered unwanted emails wish receive newsletters please click link permanently removed mailing list unsubscribe click
"Subject: re : how are you ? 8456  fill out our short application for an unbelievable 4 . 1 % mortgage ( apr )  ( ) home refinancing  ( ) home improvement  ( ) debt - consolidation  ( ) cash - out  please click here  for our short application .  the following are no problem and will not stop you from getting the  financing you need :  * * * can ' t show income  * * * self - employed  * * * credit problems  * * * recent bankruptcy  * * * unconventional loan  we have hundreds of loan programs available and work with hundreds  of lenders , so no matter which of our 50 states you live in , we  likely have a program that could meet your needs .  please click here  for our short application .  * we do not resell or disseminate your email address . you are not required  to enter your ssn . this is a legitimate offer from legitimate mortgage  companies .  note : we are licensed in all 50 u . s . states .  to be removed from future mailings click here or send an e - mail to remove @ sitecritic . net .  we will never intentionally email you again . thank you . ",1,fill short application unbelievable mortgage apr home refinancing home improvement debt consolidation cash please click short application following problem stop getting financing need show income self employed credit problems recent bankruptcy unconventional loan hundreds loan programs available work hundreds lenders matter states live likely program could meet needs please click short application resell disseminate email address required enter ssn legitimate offer legitimate mortgage companies note licensed u states removed future mailings click send e mail remove sitecritic net never intentionally email thank
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq toois  wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a click  away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front end logo visuai identity loqodentity offers creative custom design logos stationery web sites careful hand powerfui marketinq toois wiii bring breath fresh air business make stand among competitors click away future success click see samples artwork check prices hot offers
"Subject: hi amitava ,  as we discussed this morning , i have created the attached spreadsheet  for our "" to dos "" for the the credit guys .  please take a look at it to make sure it is okay , make any changes , etc .  in the mean time i will work on the data vendor research , order eviews ,  etc . . . . . .  thanks ,  iris",0,hi amitava discussed morning created attached spreadsheet dos credit guys please take look make sure okay make changes etc mean time work data vendor research order eviews etc thanks iris
"Subject: re : aluminium asian digital options  anjam ,  we can use moment matching to find the "" effective "" volatility and dividend  yield for the average .  then we can apply the european digital option formula . attached please find  the c - code i did  for asian spread option , when i find the effective vol and drift for both  averages then find the option  value by calling the european spread option . you can do just the same for  the asian digital option .  it would be nice to do a monte - carlo , just checking the accuracy of the  approximation .  it was nice to have you here , we are impressed by the work you have done .  keep up the good work .  zimin  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : anjam ahmad 07 / 27 / 2000 10 : 14 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : aluminium asian digital options  hi zimin ,  russell placket of mg metals just talked to me about the issue of pricing a  strip of twelve monthly asian digital options on lme aluminium . as i  understand , the payoff to the customer is a fixed cash amount that wil be  paid if the average of the closing prices of aluminium for a month are  greater than the strike agreed in advance , where holiday days do not  contribute to the average .  russell mentioned that this would be a set of 12 monthly options starting in  jan - 01 , and that the lme price for jan - 01 of $ 1572 . 5 ( which is the future  converging to the spot price on the 3 rd wednesday in jan 01 ) can be used as a  proxy / estimate for the average for the month .  do you have a model for asian digitals or should i proceed with monte carlo  to price this , maybe using european digital option model as control variate ?  thanks ,  anjam  x 35383",0,aluminium asian digital options anjam use moment matching find effective volatility dividend yield average apply european digital option formula attached please find c code asian spread option find effective vol drift averages find option value calling european spread option asian digital option would nice monte carlo checking accuracy approximation nice impressed work done keep good work zimin enron capital trade resources corp europe anjam ahmad zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject aluminium asian digital options hi zimin russell placket mg metals talked issue pricing strip twelve monthly asian digital options lme aluminium understand payoff customer fixed cash amount wil paid average closing prices aluminium month greater strike agreed advance holiday days contribute average russell mentioned would set monthly options starting jan lme price jan future converging spot price rd wednesday jan used proxy estimate average month model asian digitals proceed monte carlo price maybe using european digital option model control variate thanks anjam x
"Subject: wti maket maker simulation model  john ,  we finished the version 2 of the simulation model which deals with the  open - close trading versus the continuous trading in the previous version .  i added the cummulative p / l as an output . there are a few apparent trading  strategies from this model :  1 ) higher bid / offer spread , more profit  2 ) more daily # of trades , more profit  3 ) smaller net open positions allowed , more profit  1 ) and 2 ) are obvious , but 3 ) is more interesting . it means that we are  better off  if we do not allowed net open positions at end of the day . in a trending  market ,  this makes an intuitive sense , for example , in the case of bull market we are  short as a market maker and we can avoid the loss at the higher openning price  by keeping zero or small net short positions .  i have attached the model with this mail , and i ' ll be happy to discuss the  model  in more details with you .  zimin",0,wti maket maker simulation model john finished version simulation model deals open close trading versus continuous trading previous version added cummulative p l output apparent trading strategies model higher bid offer spread profit daily trades profit smaller net open positions allowed profit obvious interesting means better allowed net open positions end day trending market makes intuitive sense example case bull market short market maker avoid loss higher openning price keeping zero small net short positions attached model mail happy discuss model details zimin
"Subject: it ' s mariah from dating service  i ' m mariah , the girl next door .  im searching for someone to be with me .  i ' ve been searching for hot guy to hangout with .  sometimes i get real lonely . i read online and decided to  ask around if someone wants to chat online .  if you are interested in my webcam to see how i look  feel free to visit me .  http : / / lastmansitting . com / mc 26 /",1,mariah dating service mariah girl next door im searching someone searching hot guy hangout sometimes get real lonely read online decided ask around someone wants chat online interested webcam see look feel free visit http lastmansitting com mc
"Subject: e - mail and voicemail retention policy  as a reminder , ena  , s policy regarding retention of electronic mail , including  lotus notes mail , internet e - mail , cc : mail and voicemail is as follows :  message location maximum retention  inbox 30 days  message log / sent mail 30 days  trash rollover from inbox for 15 days  bulletin boards 30 days  folders / archives e - mails placed in folders or archives  ) one year  voicemail 90 days  e - mail and voicemail older than the maximum retention will be purged  automatically by it , which is responsible for monitoring compliance with this  policy . any exception to this policy requires approval by mark haedicke or  richard sanders .  mark frevert and mark haedicke",0,e mail voicemail retention policy reminder ena policy regarding retention electronic mail including lotus notes mail internet e mail cc mail voicemail follows message location maximum retention inbox days message log sent mail days trash rollover inbox days bulletin boards days folders archives e mails placed folders archives one year voicemail days e mail voicemail older maximum retention purged automatically responsible monitoring compliance policy exception policy requires approval mark haedicke richard sanders mark frevert mark haedicke
"Subject: change of coordinates  dear friends and colleagues ,  effective immediately , i have returned to the university of  pennsylvania .  the usual automatically - generated contact info should appear below ;  please update your files .  best regards ,  frank  - -  francis x . diebold  department of economics  university of pennsylvania  3718 locust walk  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  fdiebold @ mail . sas . upenn . edu  http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax",0,change coordinates dear friends colleagues effective immediately returned university pennsylvania usual automatically generated contact info appear please update files best regards frank francis x diebold department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold mail sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax
"Subject: organization announcement  enron purchases billions of dollars of products through its wholly owned  subsidiaries and venture companies worldwide . historically , the company has  conducted these purchases in a highly fragmented , decentralized manner  allowing each of the operating units the discretion to source their  requirements in a manner that optimizes unit performance . today , however ,  with the implementation of sap and the profound explosion in  internet / intranet - based technologies , we believe the company should change  its direction and focus on aggregating its demand for goods and strategically  sourcing these requirements on a global basis . we believe that there are  significant cash savings to be extracted by the company and also commercial  potential for the formation of a highly profitable , business - to - business  e - commerce venture .  effective february 1 , 2000 , enron will form a new global strategic sourcing  unit . this new unit will consolidate the current successful strategic  sourcing initiatives underway in the gas pipeline group , global asset  operations and enron corp . initially , global strategic sourcing will focus  on aggregating enron  , s internal , joint venture and business partner demand  for products and services with the objective of creating a future  business - to - business e - commerce venture .  it gives us great pleasure to announce that george wasaff , managing director ,  will lead this new global initiative . george will report directly to mike  mcconnell , chief executive officer for global technology .  george has been with enron for fourteen years and has held many senior  executive positions , the most recent of which was managing director of enron  south america ' s wholesale operations . george was also the interim chief  executive officer of elektro from july 1998 through june 1999 and chief  executive officer of transportadora de gas del sur s . a . ( "" tgs "" ) from june  1995 through february 1998 . george has also held numerous commercial  positions including vice president and country manager , mexico for enron  international and vice president of marketing for transwestern pipeline  company .  please join us in supporting this new global initiative and congratulating  george in his new role with the company .",0,organization announcement enron purchases billions dollars products wholly owned subsidiaries venture companies worldwide historically company conducted purchases highly fragmented decentralized manner allowing operating units discretion source requirements manner optimizes unit performance today however implementation sap profound explosion internet intranet based technologies believe company change direction focus aggregating demand goods strategically sourcing requirements global basis believe significant cash savings extracted company also commercial potential formation highly profitable business business e commerce venture effective february enron form new global strategic sourcing unit new unit consolidate current successful strategic sourcing initiatives underway gas pipeline group global asset operations enron corp initially global strategic sourcing focus aggregating enron internal joint venture business partner demand products services objective creating future business business e commerce venture gives us great pleasure announce george wasaff managing director lead new global initiative george report directly mike mcconnell chief executive officer global technology george enron fourteen years held many senior executive positions recent managing director enron south america wholesale operations george also interim chief executive officer elektro july june chief executive officer transportadora de gas del sur tgs june february george also held numerous commercial positions including vice president country manager mexico enron international vice president marketing transwestern pipeline company please join us supporting new global initiative congratulating george new role company
"Subject: transportation for m . gillis and g . whitaker for post presentation  celebration at enron box at enron field  hi judith !  i have a special parking ticket for malcolm and gil to use in dr . gillis ' s  car . then , i ' ll have a car pick up gil when he ' s ready to leave the  game - - we ' ll take care of everything ( thanks for offering ) - - we ' re really  looking forward to the event !  best regards for a great weekend !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001  04 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  judith duvall on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 09 : 26 pm  to : christie . patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : rice alp final presentation and post presentation celebration  at enron box at enron field  christie :  could you please fill me in on the logistics ? dr . gillis and gil whitaker  will  be at the apl project presentation at enron at 4 p . m . . further , they both  plan  to attend the dinner at enron field . however , dr . gillis must skip the  game due  to an early morning breakfast the next day . will you provide special parking  at the dinner / game ? i think dr . g and gil will go together , then i will have  dr . gillis picked up by limo , at approximately 8 : 00 p . m . does this sound  feasible ?  judith duvall  at 10 : 00 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > hi friends !  >  > the big rice - alp final presentation day is almost here : monday , may 7 th ,  > 4 pm , at enron , 1400 smith . please come to the enron lobby and ask for  > me or my assistant , melinda mccarty .  >  > after the presentation , you are cordially invited to dinner and an astro ' s  > game ( vs phillies ) at the enron box at enron field . as participation in  > the enron box at enron field is limited to this special invitation list  > only , please confirm your attendance via return email , or via voice mail to  > me at 713 - 853 - 6117 asap .  >  > we ' re very excited about the work the rice alp team has done and we ' re all  > greatly looking forward to the presentation .  >  > hope to see everyone monday ! !  >  > best regards !  >  > - - christie .  >  >  >  judith duvall  secretary to the president  rice university  6100 main street - - msl  houston , tx 77005  713 / 348 - 4601  713 / 348 - 5271 ( fax )",0,transportation gillis g whitaker post presentation celebration enron box enron field hi judith special parking ticket malcolm gil use dr gillis car car pick gil ready leave game take care everything thanks offering really looking forward event best regards great weekend christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm judith duvall pm christie patrick enron com cc subject rice alp final presentation post presentation celebration enron box enron field christie could please fill logistics dr gillis gil whitaker apl project presentation enron p plan attend dinner enron field however dr gillis must skip game due early morning breakfast next day provide special parking dinner game think dr g gil go together dr gillis picked limo approximately p sound feasible judith duvall wrote hi friends big rice alp final presentation day almost monday may th pm enron smith please come enron lobby ask assistant melinda mccarty presentation cordially invited dinner astro game vs phillies enron box enron field participation enron box enron field limited special invitation list please confirm attendance via return email via voice mail asap excited work rice alp team done greatly looking forward presentation hope see everyone monday best regards christie judith duvall secretary president rice university main street msl houston tx fax
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corei painter lx  $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  meivin ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professional adobe premiere pro corel designer quickbooks professional edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe golive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corei painter lx adobe lllustrator cs adobe lndesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker uiead cool production studio alias motion builder professionai quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop eiements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely meivin
"Subject: churn list  vince ,  here is your new location on the 32 nd floor .  have a wonderful morning !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 04 / 28 / 2000 07 : 48  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  04 / 28 / 2000 07 : 49 am  to : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect , heather choate / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : churn list  goodmorning ,  today is the day for the great move .  well i certainly hope this is not a bother .  i have a few changes since a few members has  left our group .  new locations  sam smith - eb 3274 a  elena chilkina - eb 3274 b ( michael sergeev )  patricia tlapek - eb 3273 a  vince kaminski - eb 3273 b  eb 7273 c - vacant ( roman zadorozhny )  if you are not able to make changes on the churn list ,  please be aware that we are going to label all items to  the locations listed , whereby these items will be at the  locations listed above .  please if you need more information feel free to call  x 34710 .  hope this day be a good one for you !  thanks  kevin moore",0,churn list vince new location nd floor wonderful morning forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore lisa b cousino hou ect ect heather choate hou ect ect cc subject churn list goodmorning today day great move well certainly hope bother changes since members left group new locations sam smith eb elena chilkina eb b michael sergeev patricia tlapek eb vince kaminski eb b eb c vacant roman zadorozhny able make changes churn list please aware going label items locations listed whereby items locations listed please need information feel free call x hope day good one thanks kevin moore
"Subject: re : liquids limits oct . 20  john :  i will be here most of the week , and am looking forward to working with niamh  c . i will also check the availability of people in vince k . group as well as  naveen andrews in ours .  regards  bjorn h .  john l nowlan  24 / 10 / 2000 10 : 32  to : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : liquids limits oct . 20  bjorn , niamh clarke is going to come to houston from mon afternoon to friday  next week to work on nvar . she developed var models for mitsubishi and has  lots of experience in this area . can you please provide her with the best  people we can from research and rac so we can try and get a better  understanding and more confidence in our model . i ' m sure you agree with me  that if my group is going to make any progress we need to get this sorted .  thanks in advance .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john l nowlan / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 09 : 51  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : bjorn hagelmann  10 / 24 / 2000 07 : 31 am  to : john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect  cc : scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : liquids limits oct . 20  i think we need to sit down and talk about developing reporting that will  show the risk in the books . at this point and time it can be derived , but  only if you know what to look for . i would appreciate if you had some time to  do so .  regards  bjorn h  john l nowlan  23 / 10 / 2000 13 : 10  to : christian lebroc / corp / enron @ enron , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn  hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : liquids limits oct . 20  looking at these numbers i think the var model must be waaaaaaaaaay over  calcing something , most likely the spreads . the net and outright product  position are negligible . seems it would take one hell of a daily move to  loose 12 . 7 on these positions .",0,liquids limits oct john week looking forward working niamh c also check availability people vince k group well naveen andrews regards bjorn h john l nowlan bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect cc ted murphy hou ect ect subject liquids limits oct bjorn niamh clarke going come houston mon afternoon friday next week work nvar developed var models mitsubishi lots experience area please provide best people research rac try get better understanding confidence model sure agree group going make progress need get sorted thanks advance forwarded john l nowlan hou ect bjorn hagelmann john l nowlan hou ect ect cc scott earnest hou ect ect subject liquids limits oct think need sit talk developing reporting show risk books point time derived know look would appreciate time regards bjorn h john l nowlan christian lebroc corp enron enron scott earnest hou ect ect bjorn hagelmann hou ect ect cc subject liquids limits oct looking numbers think var model must waaaaaaaaaay calcing something likely spreads net outright product position negligible seems would take one hell daily move loose positions
Subject: the most expensive car sold in graand !  cheap cars in graand !,1,expensive car sold graand cheap cars graand
"Subject: give her something to smile about  my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she  thinks  it ' s natural - thomas , ca  i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my  length from 2  to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl  pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit  realistic gains quickly  to be a stud press  here  then he remembered his manners and bowed low before the king , who  seemed to him a fine fellow and not a bit stuck up  this does not  interest me  he ' s pretty well and then he walked calmly from the palace  the people in the outer room stared at him wonderingly and the officer of  the guard saluted the boy respectfully ",1,give something smile girlfriend loves results know thinks natural thomas ca using product months increased length nearly product saved sex life matt fl pleasure partner every time bigger longer stronger unit realistic gains quickly stud press remembered manners bowed low king seemed fine fellow bit stuck interest pretty well walked calmly palace people outer room stared wonderingly officer guard saluted boy respectfully
"Subject: please approve : application request ( wsmh - 4 esnva )  security resource request wsmh - 4 esnva has been submitted for your approval .  to view the request , double click your left mouse button on the notes  document link below .  quick steps to approve or reject request form :  1 . click the button to view details of the requests .  2 . click the button to approve or reject the requests .  3 . to edit the request form , double - click anywhere on the form .  see the online help for instructions or call ect security .",0,please approve application request wsmh esnva security resource request wsmh esnva submitted approval view request double click left mouse button notes document link quick steps approve reject request form click button view details requests click button approve reject requests edit request form double click anywhere form see online help instructions call ect security
"Subject: 2001 research allocation to ebs  vince , i hope you are well .  a question if i may .  i noticed that ebs ' s allocation for 2001 from the corporate research group ' s  budget was $ 1 . 44 m . could you please give me an ' heads - up ' on what i can  expect for the dollars - in terms of people , on - going projects , anticipated  work - program . i ' m aware that stinson in our point person , but i ' ve seen him  for a long while . a breakdown / schedule would be great .  i appreciate your help .  thanks .  barry .",0,research allocation ebs vince hope well question may noticed ebs allocation corporate research group budget could please give heads expect dollars terms people going projects anticipated work program aware stinson point person seen long breakdown schedule would great appreciate help thanks barry
"Subject: jump start desire in both men and women 7893 vbvfl - 278 zkcc 8 - 17  spring blow out sale  great sex in the bottle  for men & women  guaranteed to restore the urge !  and enhance the pleasure and health !  two for price of one  exclude yourself , johnl 95615221 @ yahoo . com ",1,jump start desire men women vbvfl zkcc spring blow sale great sex bottle men women guaranteed restore urge enhance pleasure health two price one exclude johnl yahoo com
"Subject: benchmarking questionnaires  david ,  i am sending you the questions submitted by petronas for our meeting on  feb 8 .  are you going to invite additional rac people to the meeting ( bill bradford  would be helpful with credit questions , bjorn may be interested as well ) .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001  09 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 22 / 2001 09 : 34 : 16 pm  please respond to khairuddin _ mjaafar @ petronas . com . my  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc : azminab @ petronas . com . my  subject : benchmarking questionnaires  vince ,  attached are two sets of benchmarking questionnaires for your kind perusal .  regards ,  khairuddin  ( see attached file : q _ bench _ rms . doc ) ( see attached file : feb 5 - 17 , 2001 . doc )  disclaimer : this e - mail and any files transmitted with it ( "" message "" )  is intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above and may  contain confidential information . you are hereby notified that the  taking of any action in reliance upon , or any review , retransmission ,  dissemination , distribution , printing or copying of this message or any  part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient ( s ) is strictly  prohibited . if you have received this message in error , you should  delete this message immediately and advise the sender by return e - mail .  opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not  relate to the official business of petronas or its group of companies  shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by petronas or any of  the companies within the group .  ( embedded image moved to file : pic 24962 . pcx )  - q _ bench _ rms . doc  - feb 5 - 17 , 2001 . doc  - pic 24962 . pcx",0,benchmarking questionnaires david sending questions submitted petronas meeting feb going invite additional rac people meeting bill bradford would helpful credit questions bjorn may interested well vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect khairuddinbmjaafar petronas com pm please respond khairuddin mjaafar petronas com vkamins ect enron com cc azminab petronas com subject benchmarking questionnaires vince attached two sets benchmarking questionnaires kind perusal regards khairuddin see attached file q bench rms doc see attached file feb doc disclaimer e mail files transmitted message intended use recipient named may contain confidential information hereby notified taking action reliance upon review retransmission dissemination distribution printing copying message part thereof anyone intended recipient strictly prohibited received message error delete message immediately advise sender return e mail opinions conclusions information message relate official business petronas group companies shall understood neither given endorsed petronas companies within group embedded image moved file pic pcx q bench rms doc feb doc pic pcx
"Subject: alp presentation  hi vince ! !  i ' ll take care of the invitations and i am planning to be at the concert on saturday !  thanks ! !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 09 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  05 / 01 / 2001 04 : 55 pm  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , melinda mccarty / corp / enron @ enron  subject : alp presentation  christie ,  shirley reserved room 49 cl for monday 4 : 00 p . m . presentation .  can you issue the formal invitation to our guests with the game / dinner  details ? i don ' t have all the details regarding the enron field  box and time . i am out most of the day on wednesday but we can  discuss the details on thursday .  hope to see you on saturday at the concert .  vince",0,alp presentation hi vince take care invitations planning concert saturday thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm christie patrick hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect kenneth parkhill na enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect melinda mccarty corp enron enron subject alp presentation christie shirley reserved room cl monday p presentation issue formal invitation guests game dinner details details regarding enron field box time day wednesday discuss details thursday hope see saturday concert vince
"Subject: wayne tow ' s resume  kathy / greg / john - do we need the skills described in the attached resume on  the project team or in the permanent support group or in the esupply group ?  there are no personal recommendations associated this resume .  vince - thanks for keeping us in mind !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa becker / corp / enron on 02 / 01 / 2000  01 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  01 / 31 / 2000 09 : 04 am  to : melissa becker / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : wayne tow ' s resume  melissa ,  please , take a look at this resume . any interest ?  i got it from a headhunter ( i don ' t know her ,  it was a cold call on her part and she did not make a good impression ) .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2000  09 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  leewells @ swbell . net on 01 / 25 / 2000 05 : 34 : 57 pm  please respond to leewells @ swbell . net  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : wayne tow ' s resume  hi there mr . kaminski ! it was a pleasure to speak with you today . i look  forward to lunch one day soon at brennans .  wayne tow is a brilliant man , he worked for many years for a man i know  well . this man says , wayne is as good as it get , and he could do  anything that is assigned to him , and do it at a level in which he was  always amazed .  he loves the e - commerce area , and this is what he wants to do  thank you , vince .  lee wells  - wayne 2 . doc",0,wayne tow resume kathy greg john need skills described attached resume project team permanent support group esupply group personal recommendations associated resume vince thanks keeping us mind forwarded melissa becker corp enron pm vince j kaminski ect melissa becker corp enron enron cc subject wayne tow resume melissa please take look resume interest got headhunter know cold call part make good impression vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect leewells swbell net pm please respond leewells swbell net vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject wayne tow resume hi mr kaminski pleasure speak today look forward lunch one day soon brennans wayne tow brilliant man worked many years man know well man says wayne good get could anything assigned level always amazed loves e commerce area wants thank vince lee wells wayne doc
"Subject: ! gorgeous , custom websites - $ 399 complete ! ( 4156 cumg 9 - 855 yqkc 5 @ 17 )  beautiful custom  websites , $ 399 complete !  get a beautiful , 100 % custom web site ( or  yours redesigned ) for only $ 399 ! * we  have references coast to coastand will give you  plenty of sites to  view !  includes up to 7 pages ( you can add  more ) , java rollover buttons , feedback forms , more . it  will be constructed to your taste and  specifications , we do not use templates .  our sites are completely  custom . * must host with us @  $ 19 . 95 / mo ( 100 megs , 20 email accounts , control panel ,  front page , graphical statistics ,  more ) .  for sites to view , complete below or call our  message center at 321 - 726 - 2209 ( 24 hours ) . your call  will be returned promptly . note : if  you are using a web based email program ( such as yahoo ,  hotmail , etc . ) the form below will not  work . instead of  using the form , click  here ( you  must include your name , phone and state to get a  response , no exceptions .  name : phone  w / ac * : state : type project : new  site : redesign current  site ? : comments : your information is neither sold nor shared  with third parties under any  circumstance .  to be eliminated from  future mailings , click  here  [ 6560 icum 3 - 199 gyqk 9350 cvph 2 - 701 z @ 29 ]",1,gorgeous custom websites complete cumg yqkc beautiful custom websites complete get beautiful custom web site redesigned references coast coastand give plenty sites view includes pages add java rollover buttons feedback forms constructed taste specifications use templates sites completely custom must host us mo megs email accounts control panel front page graphical statistics sites view complete call message center hours call returned promptly note using web based email program yahoo hotmail etc form work instead using form click must include name phone state get response exceptions name phone w ac state type project new site redesign current site comments information neither sold shared third parties circumstance eliminated future mailings click icum gyqk cvph z
"Subject: [ ilug - social ] claim your $ 25 kmart gift card  1 ) claim your $ 25 kmart gift card  2 ) auto loans , fast approvals for any credit !  http : / / www . adclick . ws / p . cfm ? o = 383 & s = pkl  3 ) are you paying too much for auto insurance - find out ?  http : / / www . adclick . ws / p . cfm ? o = 334 & s = pkl  have a wonderful day ,  prizemama . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  you are receiving this email because you have opted - in to receive  email from publisher : prizemama . to unsubscribe , click below :  - -  irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug social claim kmart gift card claim kmart gift card auto loans fast approvals credit http www adclick ws p cfm pkl paying much auto insurance find http www adclick ws p cfm pkl wonderful day prizemama com receiving email opted receive email publisher prizemama unsubscribe click irish linux users group social events social linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo social un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: mega nneed offr  hello , welcome to pharmonli pitfall ne sho affect p  - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sho exsiccation ps  thereout v  compare g  a kibble l  l devisor l  l navigable a  r metaphysical a trousseaux cl  i billow sv atomicity a  coastal um  andmanyother .  - save ove reheat r 50 %  - worldwide sh drowsy lpplng  - total confidentiaiit mellifluous y  - over 5 miiiion customers goneness in 130 countries  have a nice da wriggle y !",1,mega nneed offr hello welcome pharmonli pitfall ne sho affect p one leading oniine pharmaceutical sho exsiccation ps thereout v compare g kibble l l devisor l l navigable r metaphysical trousseaux cl billow sv atomicity coastal um andmanyother save ove reheat r worldwide sh drowsy lpplng total confidentiaiit mellifluous miiiion customers goneness countries nice da wriggle
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe goiive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincerely ,  carson ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professionai adobe premiere pro corei designer quickbooks professionai edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe goiive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere elements corel painter lx adobe lilustrator cs adobe lndesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cool production studio aiias motion buiider professionai quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop eiements adobe premiere pro learn sincerely carson
"Subject: bob lee starting june 5 , 2000  bob lee ' s official starting date is june 5 , 2000 .  shirley ,  bob will be reporting to zimin lu and primarily supporting ena . we will  need to find a desk for him as well as set up his phone and pc ( can we use  ravi ' s ? ) . elizabeth grant ( x 57583 ) has handled him on the hr recruiting  side and has his contact information .  thanks ,  stinson",0,bob lee starting june bob lee official starting date june shirley bob reporting zimin lu primarily supporting ena need find desk well set phone pc use ravi elizabeth grant x handled hr recruiting side contact information thanks stinson
"Subject: delivery notification for  this is a delivery status notification , automatically generated by mta ironmail . telesal . net on tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 01 : 07 - 0600  regarding recipient ( s ) : antonioantoniomc @ telesal . net  delivery status : failed . message could not be delivered to the domain - telesal . net . failed to accept the recipients .  mta response : 550  the original message headers are included as attachment .",1,delivery notification delivery status notification automatically generated mta ironmail telesal net tue jul regarding recipient antonioantoniomc telesal net delivery status failed message could delivered domain telesal net failed accept recipients mta response original message headers included attachment
"Subject: a better investment than the stock market .  all our mailings are sent complying to the proposed h . r . 3113 unsolicited  commercial electronic mail act of 2000 . please see the bottom of this  message for further information and removal instructions .  parents of 15 - year old - find $ 71 , 000 cash hidden in  his closet !  does this headline look familiar ? of course it does . you most likely have  just seen this story recently featured on a major nightly news program ( usa ) .  and reported elsewhere in the world ( including my neck of the woods -  new zealand ) . his mother was cleaning and putting laundry away when  she came across a large brown paper bag that was suspiciously buried  beneath some clothes and a skateboard in the back of her 15 - year - old  sons closet . nothing could have prepared her for the shock she got when  she opened the bag and found it was full of cash . five - dollar bills , twenties ,  fifties and hundreds - all neatly rubber - banded in labelled piles .  "" my first thought was that he had robbed a bank "" , says the 41 - year - old  woman , "" there was over $ 71 , 000 dollars in that bag - - that ' s more than my  husband earns in a year "" .  the woman immediately called her husband at the car - dealership where  he worked to tell him what she had discovered . he came home right away  and they drove together to the boys school and picked him up . little did  they suspect that where the money came from was more shocking than  actually finding it in the closet .  as it turns out , the boy had been sending out , via e - mail , a type of  "" report "" to e - mail addresses that he obtained off the internet . everyday  after school for the past 2 months , he had been doing this right on his  computer in his bedroom .  "" i just got the e - mail one day and i figured what the heck , i put my name  on it like the instructions said and i started sending it out "" , says the clever  15 - year - old .  the e - mail letter listed 5 addresses and contained instructions to send one  $ 5 dollar bill to each person on the list , then delete the address at the top  and move the others addresses down , and finally to add your name to  the top of the list .  the letter goes on to state that you would receive several thousand  dollars in five - dollar bills within 2 weeks if you sent out the letter with your  name at the top of the 5 - address list . "" i get junk e - mail all the time , and  really did not think it was going to work "" , the boy continues .  within the first few days of sending out the e - mail , the post office box  that his parents had gotten him for his video - game magazine subscriptions  began to fill up with not magazines , but envelopes containing $ 5 bills .  "" about a week later i rode [ my bike ] down to the post office and my box  had 1 magazine and about 300 envelops stuffed in it . there was also a  yellow slip that said i had to go up to the [ post office ] counter . i thought i  was in trouble or something ( laughs ) "" . he goes on , "" i went up to the  counter and they had a whole box of more mail for me . i had to ride back  home and empty out my backpack because i could not carry it all "" . over  the next few weeks , the boy continued sending out the e - mail . "" the  money just kept coming in and i just kept sorting it and stashing it in the  closet , barely had time for my homework "" . he had also been riding his bike  to several of the banks in his area and exchanging the $ 5 bills for twenties ,  fifties and hundreds .  "" i didn ' t want the banks to get suspicious so i kept riding to different banks  with like five thousand at a time in my backpack . i would usually tell the  lady at the bank counter that my dad had sent me in to exchange the  money ] and he was outside waiting for me . one time the lady gave me a  really strange look and told me that she would not be able to do it for me  and my dad would have to come in and do it , but i just rode to the next  bank down the street ( laughs ) . "" surprisingly , the boy did not have any  reason to be afraid . the reporting news  team examined and investigated the so - called "" chain - letter "" the boy was  sending out and found that it was not a chain - letter at all . in fact , it was  completely legal according to us postal and lottery laws , title 18 ,  section 1302 and 1341 , or title 18 , section 3005 in the us code , also in  the code of federal regulations , volume 16 , sections 255 and 436 , which  state a product or service must be exchanged for money received .  every five - dollar bill that he received contained a little note that read ,  "" please send me report number xyx "" . this simple note made the letter  legal because he was exchanging a service ( a report on how - to ) for a  five - dollar fee .  [ this is the end of the media release . if you would like to understand how  the system works and get your $ 71 , 000 - please continue reading . what  appears below is what the 15 year old was sending out on the net -  you can use it too - just follow the simple instructions ] .  be financially free like others within a year ! ! ! before you  say "" bull "" , please read the following . this is the letter you have been  hearing about on the news lately . due to the popularity of this letter on the  internet , a national weekly news program recently devoted an entire  show to the investigation of this program described below , to see if it really  can make people money . the show also investigated whether or not the  program was legal . their findings proved once and for all that there are  "" absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in the program and if  people can follow the simple instructions , they are bound to make some  megabucks with only $ 25 out of pocket cost "" .  due to the recent increase of popularity & respect this  program has attained , it is currently working better  than ever .  note * follow the directons below , i had best results the second time when  i hired a bulk email service in addition to following the reports instructions .  in order for all of us to be successful , many , many emails must be sent so  that the returns are many . i have been extremely successful using the  following company . they send out the offers , and all i do is accept money  for reports , then i send back to the people as soon as possible .  this is what one had to say : "" thanks to this profitable opportunity . i was  approached many times before but each time i passed on it . i am so glad i  finally joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimal  effort and money required . to my astonishment , i received total  $ 610 , 470 . 00 in 21 weeks , with money still coming in "" .  pam hedland , fort lee , new jersey .  here is another testimonial : "" this program has been around for a long time  but i never believed in it . but one day when i received this again in the  mail i decided to gamble my $ 25 on it . i followed the simple instructions  and walaa . . . . . 3 weeks later the money started to come in . first month i  only made $ 240 . 00 but the next 2 months after that i made a total of  $ 290 , 000 . 00 . so far , in the past 8 months by re - entering the program , i  have made over $ 710 , 000 . 00 and i am playing it again . the key to  success in this program is to follow the simple steps and not change  anything . "" more testimonials later but first ,  print this now for your future reference  + + + + order all 5 reports shown on the list below + + +  for each report , send $ 5 cash , the name & number of the  report you are ordering and your e - mail address to the  person whose name appears on that list next to the report . make  sure your return address is on your envelope top left  corner in case of any mail problems .  when you place your order , make sure you order each of the 5 reports .  you will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your computer .  within a few days you will receive , vie e - mail , each of the 5 reports from  these 5 different individuals . save them on your computer so they will be  accessible for you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from  you . also make a floppy of these reports and keep it on your desk in case  something happens to your computer .  important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed next  to each report , or their sequence on the list , in any way other than what is  instructed below in step "" 1 through 6 "" or you will loose out on majority of  your profits . once you understand the way this works , you will also see  how it does not work if you change it . remember , this method has been  tested , and if you alter , it will not work ! ! ! people have tried to put their  friends / relatives names on all five thinking they could get all the money .  but it does not work this way . believe us , we all have tried to be greedy  and then nothing happened . so do not try to change anything other than  what is instructed . because if you do , it will not work for you . remember ,  honesty reaps the reward ! ! !  1 . . . . after you have ordered all 5 reports , take this advertisement and  remove the name & address of the person in report # 5 . this person  has made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their fortune .  2 . . . . move the name & address in report # 4 down to report # 5 .  3 . . . . move the name & address in report # 3 down to report # 4 .  4 . . . . move the name & address in report # 2 down to report # 3 .  5 . . . . move the name & address in report # 1 down to report # 2  6 . . . . insert your name & address in the report # 1 position .  please make sure you copy every name & address accurately !  * * * * take this entire letter , with the modified list of names , and save it on  your computer . do not make any other changes . save this on a  disk as well just in case if you loose any data . to assist you with marketing  your business on the internet , the 5 reports you purchase will provide you  with invaluable marketing information which includes how to send bulk  e - mails legally , where to find thousands of free classified ads and much  more . there are 2 primary methods to get this venture going :  method # 1 : by sending bulk e - mail legally  let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we will  assume you and those involved send out only 5 , 000 e - mails each . let ' s  also assume that the mailing receive only a 0 . 2 % response ( the response  could be much better but lets just say it is only 0 . 2 % . also many people  will send out hundreds of thousands e - mails instead of only 5 , 000 each ) .  continuing with this example , you send out only 5 , 000 e - mails .  with a 0 . 2 % response , that is only 10 orders for report # 1 . those 10  people responded by sending out 5 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 50 , 000 .  out of those 50 , 000 e - mails only 0 . 2 % responded with orders . that equals  100 people responded and ordered report # 2 .  those 100 people mail out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 500 , 000 e - mails .  the 0 . 2 % response to that is 1000 orders for report # 3 .  those 1000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 5 million  e - mails sent out . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 10 , 000 orders for report # 4 .  those 10 , 000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of  50 , 000 , 000 ( 50 million ) e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 100 , 000  orders for report # 5 . that ' s 100 , 000 orders times  $ 5 each = $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( half million ) . your total income in this example is :  1 . . . . . $ 50 + 2 . . . . . $ 500 + 3 . . . . . $ 5 , 000 + 4 . . . . . $ 50 , 000 + 5 . . . . . $ 500 , 000 . . . . . . .  grand total = $ 555 , 550 . 00  numbers do not lie . get a pencil & paper and figure out  the worst possible responses and no matter how you  calculate it , you will still make a lot of money !  remember friend , this is assuming only 10 people  ordering out of 5 , 000 you mailed to . dare to think for a moment  what would happen if everyone or half or even one 4 th of those people  mailed 100 , 000 e - mails each or more ? there are over 150 million people on  the internet worldwide and counting . believe me , many people will do just  that , and more !  method # 2 : by placing free ads on the internet  advertising on the net is very very inexpensive and there are hundreds of  free places to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will  easily get a larger response .  we strongly suggest you start with method # 1 and add method # 2 as  you go along . for every $ 5 you receive , all you must do is e - mail them the  report they ordered . that ' s it . always provide same day service on all  orders . this will guarantee that the e - mail they send out with your name  and address on it , will be prompt because they can not advertise until they  receive the report .  = order each report by its number & name only . notes : always  send $ 5 cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not  accepted . make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least 2  sheets of paper or aluminum foil . on one of those sheets of paper , write  the number & the name of the report you are ordering , your e - mail  address and your name and postal address .  place your order for these reports now :  report # 1 : the insider ' s guide to advertising for free on the net  order report # 1 from :  r . r .  po box 18048  chicago , il 60618  report # 2 : the insider ' s guide to sending bulk e - mail on the net  order report # 2 from :  gm boland  353 jonestown rd . suite 125  winston salem , nc 27104  report # 3 : secret to multilevel marketing on the net  order report # 3 from :  r . chernick  po box 771661  c . s . florida 33077  report # 4 : how to become a millionaire utilizing mlm & the net  order report # 4 from :  m . eiseman  po box 451971  sunrise , florida 33345 - 1971  report # 5 : how to send out one million emails for free  order report # 5 from :  l . samon  po box 31  castletown  isle of man  im 99 5 xp  $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ your success guidelines $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $  follow these guidelines to guarantee your success :  + + + if you do not receive at least 10 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks ,  continue sending e - mails until you do . = orders , 2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 100 orders or more for  report # 2 . if you did not , continue advertising or sending e - mails until  you do .  + + + once you have received 100 or more orders for report # 2 , you can  relax , because the system is already working for you , and the cash will  continue to roll in ! this is important to remember : every time  your name is moved down on the list , you are placed in front of a different  report . you can keep track of your progress by watching which  report people are ordering from you . if you want to generate  more income send another batch of e - mails and start  the whole process again . there is no limit to the income you  can generate from this business ! ! !  following is a note from the originator of this  program : you have just received information that can give you  financial freedom for the rest of your life , with no risk and just a  little bit of effort . you can make more money in the next few  weeks and months than you have ever imagined . follow the program  exactly as instructed . do not change it in any way . it works  exceedingly well as it is now .  remember to e - mail a copy of this exciting report after you have put your  name and address in report # 1 and moved others to # 2 thru # 5 as  instructed above . one of the people you send this to may send out  100 , 000 or more e - mails and your name will be on every one of them .  remember though , the more you send out the more potential customers  you will reach . so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information ,  materials and opportunity to become financially independent .  it is up to you now !  + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + more testimonials + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +  "" my name is mitchell . my wife , jody and i live in chicago . i am an  accountant with a major u . s . corporation and i make pretty good money .  when i received this program i grumbled to jody about receiving  "" junk mail "" . i made fun of the whole thing , spouting my knowledge of the  population and percentages involved . i "" knew "" it wouldn ' t work . jody  totally ignored my supposed intelligence and few days later she jumped in  with both feet . i made merciless fun of her , and was ready to lay the old  "" i told you so "" on her when the thing didn ' t work . well , the laugh was on  me ! within 3 weeks she had received 50 responses . within the next 45  days she had received total $ 147 , 200 . 00 . . . . all cash ! i was shocked .  i have joined jody in her "" hobby "" .  mitchell wolf , chicago , illinois  "" not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up my  mind to participate in this plan . but conservative that i am , i decided that  the initial investment was so little that there was just no way that i  wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my money back "" . "" i was  surprised when i found my medium size post office box crammed with  orders . i made $ 319 , 210 . 00 in the first 12 weeks . the nice thing about  this deal is that it does not matter where people live . there simply isn ' t a  better investment with a faster return and so big "" .  dan sondstrom , alberta , canada  "" i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i wondered if i  should have given it a try . of course , i had no idea who to contact to get  another copy , so i had to wait until i was e - mailed again by someone  else . . . . . . 11 months passed then it luckily came again . . . . . . i did not delete  this one ! i made more than $ 490 , 000 on my first try and all the money  came within 22 weeks "" .  susan de suza , new york , n . y  if you have any questions of the legality of this program , contact the office  of associate director for marketing practices , federal trade commission ,  bureau of consumer protection , washington , d . c .  this email was sent to you via saf - e mail systems . your email address was  automatically inserted into the to and from addresses to eliminate  undeliverables which waste bandwidth and cause internet congestion . your  email or webserver is not being used for the sending of this mail . no - one  else is receiving emails from your address . you may utilize the removal link  below if you do not wish to receive this mailing .  http : / / www . webtransit . net / remove . html",1,better investment stock market mailings sent complying proposed h r unsolicited commercial electronic mail act please see bottom message information removal instructions parents year old find cash hidden closet headline look familiar course likely seen story recently featured major nightly news program usa reported elsewhere world including neck woods new zealand mother cleaning putting laundry away came across large brown paper bag suspiciously buried beneath clothes skateboard back year old sons closet nothing could prepared shock got opened bag found full cash five dollar bills twenties fifties hundreds neatly rubber banded labelled piles first thought robbed bank says year old woman dollars bag husband earns year woman immediately called husband car dealership worked tell discovered came home right away drove together boys school picked little suspect money came shocking actually finding closet turns boy sending via e mail type report e mail addresses obtained internet everyday school past months right computer bedroom got e mail one day figured heck put name like instructions said started sending says clever year old e mail letter listed addresses contained instructions send one dollar bill person list delete address top move others addresses finally add name top list letter goes state would receive several thousand dollars five dollar bills within weeks sent letter name top address list get junk e mail time really think going work boy continues within first days sending e mail post office box parents gotten video game magazine subscriptions began fill magazines envelopes containing bills week later rode bike post office box magazine envelops stuffed also yellow slip said go post office counter thought trouble something laughs goes went counter whole box mail ride back home empty backpack could carry next weeks boy continued sending e mail money kept coming kept sorting stashing closet barely time homework also riding bike several banks area exchanging bills twenties fifties hundreds want banks get suspicious kept riding different banks like five thousand time backpack would usually tell lady bank counter dad sent exchange money outside waiting one time lady gave really strange look told would able dad would come rode next bank street laughs surprisingly boy reason afraid reporting news team examined investigated called chain letter boy sending found chain letter fact completely legal according us postal lottery laws title section title section us code also code federal regulations volume sections state product service must exchanged money received every five dollar bill received contained little note read please send report number xyx simple note made letter legal exchanging service report five dollar fee end media release would like understand system works get please continue reading appears year old sending net use follow simple instructions financially free like others within year say bull please read following letter hearing news lately due popularity letter internet national weekly news program recently devoted entire show investigation program described see really make people money show also investigated whether program legal findings proved absolutely laws prohibiting participation program people follow simple instructions bound make megabucks pocket cost due recent increase popularity respect program attained currently working better ever note follow directons best results second time hired bulk email service addition following reports instructions order us successful many many emails must sent returns many extremely successful using following company send offers accept money reports send back people soon possible one say thanks profitable opportunity approached many times time passed glad finally joined see one could expect return minimal effort money required astonishment received total weeks money still coming pam hedland fort lee new jersey another testimonial program around long time never believed one day received mail decided gamble followed simple instructions walaa weeks later money started come first month made next months made total far past months entering program made playing key success program follow simple steps change anything testimonials later first print future reference order reports shown list report send cash name number report ordering e mail address person whose name appears list next report make sure return address envelope top left corner case mail problems place order make sure order reports need reports save computer within days receive vie e mail reports different individuals save computer accessible send people order also make floppy reports keep desk case something happens computer important alter names people listed next report sequence list way instructed step loose majority profits understand way works also see work change remember method tested alter work people tried put friends relatives names five thinking could get money work way believe us tried greedy nothing happened try change anything instructed work remember honesty reaps reward ordered reports take advertisement remove name address person report person made cycle doubt counting fortune move name address report report move name address report report move name address report report move name address report report insert name address report position please make sure copy every name address accurately take entire letter modified list names save computer make changes save disk well case loose data assist marketing business internet reports purchase provide invaluable marketing information includes send bulk e mails legally find thousands free classified ads much primary methods get venture going method sending bulk e mail legally let say decide start small see goes assume involved send e mails let also assume mailing receive response response could much better lets say also many people send hundreds thousands e mails instead continuing example send e mails response orders report people responded sending e mail total e mails responded orders equals people responded ordered report people mail e mails total e mails response orders report people send e mails total million e mails sent response orders report people send e mails total million e mails response orders report orders times half million total income example grand total numbers lie get pencil paper figure worst possible responses matter calculate still make lot money remember friend assuming people ordering mailed dare think moment would happen everyone half even one th people mailed e mails million people internet worldwide counting believe many people method placing free ads internet advertising net inexpensive hundreds free places advertise placing lot free ads internet easily get larger response strongly suggest start method add method go along every receive must e mail report ordered always provide day service orders guarantee e mail send name address prompt advertise receive report order report number name notes always send cash u currency report checks accepted make sure cash concealed wrapping least sheets paper aluminum foil one sheets paper write number name report ordering e mail address name postal address place order reports report insider guide advertising free net order report r r po box chicago il report insider guide sending bulk e mail net order report gm boland jonestown rd suite winston salem nc report secret multilevel marketing net order report r chernick po box c florida report become millionaire utilizing mlm net order report eiseman po box sunrise florida report send one million emails free order report l samon po box castletown isle man im xp success guidelines follow guidelines guarantee success receive least orders report within weeks continue sending e mails orders weeks receive orders report continue advertising sending e mails received orders report relax system already working cash continue roll important remember every time name moved list placed front different report keep track progress watching report people ordering want generate income send another batch e mails start whole process limit income generate business following note originator program received information give financial freedom rest life risk little bit effort make money next weeks months ever imagined follow program exactly instructed change way works exceedingly well remember e mail copy exciting report put name address report moved others thru instructed one people send may send e mails name every one remember though send potential customers reach friend given ideas information materials opportunity become financially independent testimonials name mitchell wife jody live chicago accountant major u corporation make pretty good money received program grumbled jody receiving junk mail made fun whole thing spouting knowledge population percentages involved knew work jody totally ignored supposed intelligence days later jumped feet made merciless fun ready lay old told thing work well laugh within weeks received responses within next days received total cash shocked joined jody hobby mitchell wolf chicago illinois gambling type took several weeks make mind participate plan conservative decided initial investment little way get enough orders least get money back surprised found medium size post office box crammed orders made first weeks nice thing deal matter people live simply better investment faster return big dan sondstrom alberta canada received program deleted later wondered given try course idea contact get another copy wait e mailed someone else months passed luckily came delete one made first try money came within weeks susan de suza new york n questions legality program contact office associate director marketing practices federal trade commission bureau consumer protection washington c email sent via saf e mail systems email address automatically inserted addresses eliminate undeliverables waste bandwidth cause internet congestion email webserver used sending mail one else receiving emails address may utilize removal link wish receive mailing http www webtransit net remove html
"Subject: the database that bill gates doesnt want you to know about ! ! ! ! !  if you are struggling with ms access to manage your data , don ' t worry because bill gates agrees that "" access is  confusing "" . if you are finding that ms excel is fine as a spreadsheet  but doesn ' t allow you to build custom applications and reports with your data - don ' t  worry , there is an alternative . the good news is that 1 million customers have found a  really good alternativetry our  database software that does not make you feel like a dummy for free . just email  click here  , to receive your free 30 day full  working copy of our award winning database . then you can decide foryourself . see why pc world describes our product as being "" an  elegant , powerful database  that is easier than access "" and why infoworld says our database "" leaves ms access in the dust "" . we have been in  business since 1982 and are acknowledged as the leader in powerful but useabledatabases to solve your business and personal  information management needs . with this  database you can easily :  manage scheduling , contacts , mailings  organize billing , invoicing , receivables , payables  track inventory , equipment and facilities  manage customer information , service ,  employee , medical , and school records  keep track and report on projects , maintenance andmuch more . . . to  be removed from this list click here ",1,database bill gates doesnt want know struggling ms access manage data worry bill gates agrees access confusing finding ms excel fine spreadsheet allow build custom applications reports data worry alternative good news million customers found really good alternativetry database software make feel like dummy free email click receive free day full working copy award winning database decide foryourself see pc world describes product elegant powerful database easier access infoworld says database leaves ms access dust business since acknowledged leader powerful useabledatabases solve business personal information management needs database easily manage scheduling contacts mailings organize billing invoicing receivables payables track inventory equipment facilities manage customer information service employee medical school records keep track report projects maintenance andmuch removed list click
"Subject: var update memo  hi grant ,  as requested i have sent a quick summary document giving an up - to - date  description of the var model .  i may well have missed some points but cantekin has worked closely with me on  any changes so it is worth  consulting him on any details i have missed .  thanks  kirstee",0,var update memo hi grant requested sent quick summary document giving date description var model may well missed points cantekin worked closely changes worth consulting details missed thanks kirstee
Subject: downloadable software  http : / / rosary . realoemsales . com / ? a = 3107,1,downloadable software http rosary realoemsales com
"Subject: enron announcement  car rental options for enron travelers  rental car contracts for 2001 have been awarded to :  national car rental ( primary ) and alamo rent - a - car ( secondary ) .  the intent of these agreements is to consolidate and leverage enron ' s total car rental spend to achieve the most favorable rates and non - pricing provisions ( i . e . insurance ) .  national car rental , due to its service levels , availability and total value proposition , has been awarded primary status and is recommended as the first choice for enron travelers ' needs .  alamo rent - a - car , a sister company to national , has been awarded a contract reflecting a secondary status , due to its service levels , availability and low cost solutions . alamo is recommended as an alternative to national , where available .  when you rent a vehicle in the united states , ( including puerto rico ) or canada , the following insurance provisions are included , regardless of rate selected :  1 . l / dw ( loss / damage waiver ) - this is what is called comprehensive or collision on your personal auto . it covers the rental vehicle and pays for any damage to it .  2 . liability - this covers people and property outside the rental vehicle . for both national and alamo , the coverage is $ 100 , 000 per person , $ 300 , 000 per occurrence and $ 50 , 000 for property damage .  * * important * * *  these coverages apply regardless of rate selected , as long as the following contract id is communicated at the time of reservation and rental is recorded on the transaction rental agreement . ( national - 5000838 alamo - # 143974 )  to enjoy the highest levels of service while renting a vehicle from enron ' s preferred suppliers , it is recommended that each traveler enroll in national ' s and alamo ' s preferred traveler programs . national ' s emerald club membership and alamo ' s quicksilver program are designed to speed the transaction time by providing services such as counter bypass and rapid return . the enrollment fees for these programs have been waived for enron travelers . enrollment packets will be mailed to the addresses of enron american express t & e cardholders . you may also find an enrollment form on the enron travel program intranet @ gss . enron . com .  if you have any questions or comments , please contact jeff leath at 713 - 646 - 6165 .",0,enron announcement car rental options enron travelers rental car contracts awarded national car rental primary alamo rent car secondary intent agreements consolidate leverage enron total car rental spend achieve favorable rates non pricing provisions e insurance national car rental due service levels availability total value proposition awarded primary status recommended first choice enron travelers needs alamo rent car sister company national awarded contract reflecting secondary status due service levels availability low cost solutions alamo recommended alternative national available rent vehicle united states including puerto rico canada following insurance provisions included regardless rate selected l dw loss damage waiver called comprehensive collision personal auto covers rental vehicle pays damage liability covers people property outside rental vehicle national alamo coverage per person per occurrence property damage important coverages apply regardless rate selected long following contract id communicated time reservation rental recorded transaction rental agreement national alamo enjoy highest levels service renting vehicle enron preferred suppliers recommended traveler enroll national alamo preferred traveler programs national emerald club membership alamo quicksilver program designed speed transaction time providing services counter bypass rapid return enrollment fees programs waived enron travelers enrollment packets mailed addresses enron american express e cardholders may also find enrollment form enron travel program intranet gss enron com questions comments please contact jeff leath
"Subject: contact info  i will be in one of these two places - -  my home : 011 91 80 3312635  my in - laws ' home : 011 91 80 5262719  you can also contact me by email at vshanbh @ yahoo . com , but it is better to  call since i do not have easy access to a computer , and there may be a delay  with reading email .  vasant",0,contact info one two places home laws home also contact email vshanbh yahoo com better call since easy access computer may delay reading email vasant
"Subject: proposal submission  francois and kent ,  hope this proposal reaches you in time for consideration for the upcoming  fma - european meeting . i normally don ' t like to commit myself to a proposal  but in this case i ' m very comfortable doing so in light of the status of  the project . as you will see this "" clinical "" paper is a study of strategy  formulation in a very innovative company that uses financial derivatives in  conjunction with real asset investments . the firm , enron , has been the  most innovative company in america for more than five years now and has  expanded its strategy abroad . we have the unique opportunity to document  the firm ' s strategy from the inside with my co - authors being members of the  corporate research staff that manage the pricing of the energy derivatives  in which the firm makes a market , as well as provide the analysis upon  which firm risk positions are managed . although , specific enron projects  have been documented and published , noone has captured the story of the  company visionaries that formulated and executed the firm ' s business  strategy . of course , what makes the story of particular interest to  finance scholars is the fact that the strategy hinges in very important  ways on financial innovations . this is going to be a very informative and  fun story to tell and i hope to bring along my colleagues from enron to  paris for the meeting .  thanks for asking me to join the program advisory board and i look forward  to your comments on the attached proposal .  sincerely yours ,  john  - enron transformation paper . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,proposal submission francois kent hope proposal reaches time consideration upcoming fma european meeting normally like commit proposal case comfortable light status project see clinical paper study strategy formulation innovative company uses financial derivatives conjunction real asset investments firm enron innovative company america five years expanded strategy abroad unique opportunity document firm strategy inside co authors members corporate research staff manage pricing energy derivatives firm makes market well provide analysis upon firm risk positions managed although specific enron projects documented published noone captured story company visionaries formulated executed firm business strategy course makes story particular interest finance scholars fact strategy hinges important ways financial innovations going informative fun story tell hope bring along colleagues enron paris meeting thanks asking join program advisory board look forward comments attached proposal sincerely john enron transformation paper doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: carnegie mellon  shirley ,  i just spoke with vince and asked him if he would be available to interview  one last candidate on monday . he said no problem that both he and stinson  would be available for interviews . could you please put on vince ' s schedule  one interview at 8 : 45 am - 9 : 15 am . stinson ' s interview will be from  9 : 30 am - 10 : 00 am .  i will just bring the candidate to their offices so they do not have to show  up early .  if you have any questions please feel free to contact me at extension 53214 .  thank you very much ,  kristin gandy",0,carnegie mellon shirley spoke vince asked would available interview one last candidate monday said problem stinson would available interviews could please put vince schedule one interview stinson interview bring candidate offices show early questions please feel free contact extension thank much kristin gandy
"Subject: work at home and make money  would you like to get rich working part - time from home ? do you want to get extra income ?  we are looking for people that want to make money working from home !  no special skills required ! no fees to start ! we will train you .  your personal coach will explain you how to put the internet and your computer to work for you .  no matter what you currently do for a living , you can join our team and make money !  we will need a couple of hour ' s commitment per day . work as much as you want .  what do we have to offer ? no start up fees or training manuals to buy !  unlimited income potential ! take action and start doing something positive today !  keep in mind that there are no fees or packages to buy to join our firm .  work smarter , not harder ! you can make a difference in your financial future !  what you need is basic internet knowledge , access to a computer with internet connection .  we will train and mentor you one - on - one if you are serious and remain teachable .  apply now to find out more about this exciting opportunity .  to carry on with the application or to get more information , please fill out request form at :  ",1,work home make money would like get rich working part time home want get extra income looking people want make money working home special skills required fees start train personal coach explain put internet computer work matter currently living join team make money need couple hour commitment per day work much want offer start fees training manuals buy unlimited income potential take action start something positive today keep mind fees packages buy join firm work smarter harder make difference financial future need basic internet knowledge access computer internet connection train mentor one one serious remain teachable apply find exciting opportunity carry application get information please fill request form
"Subject: energy extravaganza - 2 weeks away !  energy extravaganza is just two weeks away - saturday , may 6 , 2000 ! if you  haven ' t bought your ticket or asked your company to sponsor a table , do so  and  let us know . there are still spots available for both , and you won ' t want to  miss this exciting evening ! there will be magic , dinner , dancing and some  wonderful silent auction items for the taking ! bid on condos in maui , lake  tahoe and a log home in angelfire ! there will be golf and hunting packages ,  sports memorabilia , and pamper packages for your significant other !  there are still a limited number of raffle tickets left for a chance at that  new  2000 harley davidson 1200 custom sportster , so call the hea office if you  would  like to buy one or to purchase your gala tickets . don ' t delay - we want to  see  you there !  this message was sent by :  teresa knight , executive director  houston energy association ( hea )  phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551  fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424  tknight @ houstonenergy . org  if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list ,  please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a  mini - form to remove your name automatically .  http : / / www . houstonenergy . org /",0,energy extravaganza weeks away energy extravaganza two weeks away saturday may bought ticket asked company sponsor table let us know still spots available want miss exciting evening magic dinner dancing wonderful silent auction items taking bid condos maui lake tahoe log home angelfire golf hunting packages sports memorabilia pamper packages significant still limited number raffle tickets left chance new harley davidson custom sportster call hea office would like buy one purchase gala tickets delay want see message sent teresa knight executive director houston energy association hea phone fax tknight houstonenergy org would like email address removed mailing list please click link hea home page find mini form remove name automatically http www houstonenergy org
Subject: would you like a $ 250 gas card ?  don ' t let the current high price of gas get to you .  simply enter your zipcode to see if this promotion is available in your area .  qkppfiui,1,would like gas card let current high price gas get simply enter zipcode see promotion available area qkppfiui
"Subject: a computer and internet connection for you and your family  as you know , technology is critical to enron ; it drives our success and will  continue to do so in the future . technology has helped enron create new  businesses like enron broadband services and enron net works , and it is  responsible for applications such as enrononline and enroncredit . com . you  , ve  seen what technology can do at work . now we want you and your family to  realize its benefits at home .  with that in mind , we are excited to let you know that we are introducing the  clickathome  program , which will give each employee a computer for use at home . where  technology permits , we will also subsidize an internet connection . with the  click of a mouse , a home computer plus internet access will put a world of  internet knowledge at your family  , s fingertips .  we have just signed an agreement with dell computer corporation to provide  the computer hardware . we wanted to let you know about the program now in  case you and your family were considering the purchase or upgrade of a home  computer or internet connection in the next few months . the scope of  clickathome includes the following :  ? basic package : dell desktop computer with a high - speed processor , floppy  disk drive , mouse , speakers , monitor , modem , cd - rom drive and windows 2000  software . employees will have the option to receive a subsidized internet  connection , including broadband , where commercially available .  ? participation : this program will be available to active regular full - time  and regular part - time employees of enron and its wholly owned subsidiaries ;  however , employees of some enron companies ( portland general electric , eott ,  enron facility services ) may not be able to participate due to legal ,  accounting , tax , labor or business reasons . eligibility includes being  employed at the time of implementation .  ? timing : u . s . employee sign - up will begin in early 2001 , with delivery of  the equipment and internet connection to follow shortly thereafter . delivery  of equipment to participating non - u . s . employees is targeted for late 2001 .  details about this program are still being finalized . to address some of  your initial questions , we  , ve posted a question - and - answer document on  http : / / clickathome . enron . com . we will schedule an espeak session in the near  future where you will have an opportunity to ask questions . or , you can  submit your questions and comments to clickathome @ enron . com .  we are excited to extend our investment in technology to you and your  family . we believe this program takes communication at enron to a new level  by creating endless possibilities for you to experience and participate in  the broadband internet revolution . it is just another reason why we believe  enron is a great place to work .",0,computer internet connection family know technology critical enron drives success continue future technology helped enron create new businesses like enron broadband services enron net works responsible applications enrononline enroncredit com seen technology work want family realize benefits home mind excited let know introducing clickathome program give employee computer use home technology permits also subsidize internet connection click mouse home computer plus internet access put world internet knowledge family fingertips signed agreement dell computer corporation provide computer hardware wanted let know program case family considering purchase upgrade home computer internet connection next months scope clickathome includes following basic package dell desktop computer high speed processor floppy disk drive mouse speakers monitor modem cd rom drive windows software employees option receive subsidized internet connection including broadband commercially available participation program available active regular full time regular part time employees enron wholly owned subsidiaries however employees enron companies portland general electric eott enron facility services may able participate due legal accounting tax labor business reasons eligibility includes employed time implementation timing u employee sign begin early delivery equipment internet connection follow shortly thereafter delivery equipment participating non u employees targeted late details program still finalized address initial questions posted question answer document http clickathome enron com schedule espeak session near future opportunity ask questions submit questions comments clickathome enron com excited extend investment technology family believe program takes communication enron new level creating endless possibilities experience participate broadband internet revolution another reason believe enron great place work
"Subject: invitations to presentation only  hi christie ,  when do you sleep ? 2 am , ugh !  ok , you were correct , my invitation was to those people within enron that  the students talked with before interviewing competitors , and it was an  invitation to the presentation only . i didn ' t think any of them would be  invited to the dinner , and probably none will even come to the presentation .  the invitation did elicit one request for the final report though , so maybe  it wasn ' t a complete waste .  i didn ' t realize that the dinner had turned into a box visit . that sounds  great . i wish the group could have made it to dinner before the first game ,  that would have made the whole slumming experience better . now they ' ll get  the royal treatment at enron field . it ' ll be great .  vince invited 4 people from rice :  dennis w . loughridge , director of energy consortium ; lounghrid @ rice . edu  carrie miller , director of mba program ; cmiller @ rice . edu  deborah barrett , inst . communications , barrett @ rice . edu  dr . wil uecker , associate dean for executive education , uecker @ rice . edu  loughridge wrote back saying he ' ll come , i don ' t know about the others  here are the 6 students emails :  "" ritwik \ ( ronnie \ ) ghosh "" , "" ivy ghose "" ,  "" luigi calabrese "" , "" pravas sud "" , "" syed  \ ( farhan \ ) iqbal ""  your 2 from rice makes a total of 12 from rice , i guess  let me know if you would like me to do anything else related to monday  look forward to seeing you then  ken",0,invitations presentation hi christie sleep ugh ok correct invitation people within enron students talked interviewing competitors invitation presentation think would invited dinner probably none even come presentation invitation elicit one request final report though maybe complete waste realize dinner turned box visit sounds great wish group could made dinner first game would made whole slumming experience better get royal treatment enron field great vince invited people rice dennis w loughridge director energy consortium lounghrid rice edu carrie miller director mba program cmiller rice edu deborah barrett inst communications barrett rice edu dr wil uecker associate dean executive education uecker rice edu loughridge wrote back saying come know others students emails ritwik ronnie ghosh ivy ghose luigi calabrese pravas sud syed farhan iqbal rice makes total rice guess let know would like anything else related monday look forward seeing ken
"Subject: re : charles shen  thanks so much , vince - - i couldn ' t agree with you more .  molly  vince j kaminski  11 / 27 / 2000 02 : 40 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : charles shen  molly ,  i think you called his bluff . if he does not fax a copy of his paycheck stub ,  we should not talk to him . he never talked to me about it . if he made a true  statement  about his compensation , he should have no reservations about sending us the  confirmation .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 11 / 27 / 2000 01 : 58 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : charles shen  vince : i left you a voicemail about charles shen a week or so ago , but  wanted to follow up with you . when i called him to extend our offer to him ,  he expressed surprise at the base salary offer of $ 110 , 000 , and told me that  he was currently earning base pay in the amount of $ 120 , 000 . i told him  that the salary figure he had written himself on the application was  $ 102 , 000 , but he insisted that he had made an error and that it should have  been $ 120 , 000 . i asked him what base salary he was looking for , and he said  he would expect at least a 10 % increase in his base . i then told him that i  was not authorized to make an offer above our initial one , and would contact  you and get back to him .  i called him later that afternoon and asked him to fax me a copy of his last  paycheck stub so that we could minimize the confusion about his base pay . he  said that he would be happy to do so , but i never received the fax . he left  me a voicemail message during the evening that said he was on vacation and  didn ' t have access to the pay stubs , but would send me a copy when he  returned .  i have not heard from him since , and wondered if he had contacted you . if  not , would you want to get together to discuss our next step ?  i ' ll wait to hear from you ,  molly  x 34804",0,charles shen thanks much vince agree molly vince j kaminski pm molly magee hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject charles shen molly think called bluff fax copy paycheck stub talk never talked made true statement compensation reservations sending us confirmation vince enron north america corp molly magee pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject charles shen vince left voicemail charles shen week ago wanted follow called extend offer expressed surprise base salary offer told currently earning base pay amount told salary figure written application insisted made error asked base salary looking said would expect least increase base told authorized make offer initial one would contact get back called later afternoon asked fax copy last paycheck stub could minimize confusion base pay said would happy never received fax left voicemail message evening said vacation access pay stubs would send copy returned heard since wondered contacted would want get together discuss next step wait hear molly x
"Subject: re : new pc with two 128 mb of ram  vince :  i was confused also - but i think this is the computer we ordered for  the new employee that is coming next week ( rakesh bharati ) . phillip our  it floor tech said that the computer in the back room at ebl 972 g was very  old and did not have much memory so i ordered a new one with an  upgrade to bring it up to 196 m ( this is what phillip said we need ) . also  there  is another computer back there that does not have much memory and we  ordered an upgrade for it ( jason ' s ) . i went ahead an did it so that they  would  be ready when the new employees come in .  maureen already has her upgrade .  shirley  vince j kaminski  12 / 18 / 2000 03 : 58 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : new pc with two 128 mb of ram  shirley ,  is this an upgrade for maureen ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 18 / 2000  03 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : felix buitron jr . / enron @ enronxgate on 12 / 18 / 2000 02 : 27 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : new pc with two 128 mb of ram  vince , i have your new pc . i will get with you when i ' m done to schedule a  delivery time . i will need your network and notes password to test your apps .  thanks ,  felix",0,new pc two mb ram vince confused also think computer ordered new employee coming next week rakesh bharati phillip floor tech said computer back room ebl g old much memory ordered new one upgrade bring phillip said need also another computer back much memory ordered upgrade jason went ahead would ready new employees come maureen already upgrade shirley vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject new pc two mb ram shirley upgrade maureen vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm felix buitron jr enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject new pc two mb ram vince new pc get done schedule delivery time need network notes password test apps thanks felix
"Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) .  your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation  is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com  and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin  providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms  completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please contact the pep help desk at :  houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4  london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4  email : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a  status of "" open . "" once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request  for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list .  review group : enron  feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  andrews , naveen c rudi c zipter oct 31 , 2000  baxter , ashley david davies nov 02 , 2000  campos , hector o peyton s gibner nov 06 , 2000  carson , richard l richard b buy oct 30 , 2000  crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct 26 , 2000  gandy , kristin h celeste c roberts nov 01 , 2000  gorny , vladimir theodore r murphy ii nov 02 , 2000  hewitt , kirstee l steven leppard nov 06 , 2000  hickerson , gary j jeffrey a shankman nov 15 , 2000  kindall , kevin vasant shanbhogue oct 30 , 2000  leppard , steven dale surbey nov 06 , 2000  patrick , christie a mark a palmer nov 09 , 2000  pham , bich anh t sarah brown nov 06 , 2000  raymond , maureen j wincenty j kaminski nov 02 , 2000  rosen , michael b christie a patrick nov 06 , 2000  sun , li kevin kindall nov 09 , 2000  supatgiat , chonawee peyton s gibner oct 27 , 2000  tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000  tawney , mark r jeffrey a shankman oct 26 , 2000  thuraisingham , ravi paul h racicot jr nov 12 , 2000  williams , matthew steven leppard nov 08 , 2000  yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000  yuan , ding richard l carson oct 31 , 2000",0,year end performance feedback note receive message time selected reviewer selected participate year end performance management process providing meaningful feedback specific employee feedback plays important role process participation critical success enron performance management goals complete requests feedback access pep http pep corp enron com select perform review performance review services may begin providing feedback immediately requested feedback forms completed friday november questions regarding pep responsibility process please contact pep help desk houston option london option email perfmgmt enron com thank participation important process following cumulative list employee feedback requests status open submitted declined employee request feedback name longer appear list review group enron feedback due date nov employee name supervisor name date selected andrews naveen c rudi c zipter oct baxter ashley david davies nov campos hector peyton gibner nov carson richard l richard b buy oct crenshaw shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct gandy kristin h celeste c roberts nov gorny vladimir theodore r murphy ii nov hewitt kirstee l steven leppard nov hickerson gary j jeffrey shankman nov kindall kevin vasant shanbhogue oct leppard steven dale surbey nov patrick christie mark palmer nov pham bich anh sarah brown nov raymond maureen j wincenty j kaminski nov rosen michael b christie patrick nov sun li kevin kindall nov supatgiat chonawee peyton gibner oct tamarchenko tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct tawney mark r jeffrey shankman oct thuraisingham ravi paul h racicot jr nov williams matthew steven leppard nov yaman sevil vasant shanbhogue oct yuan ding richard l carson oct
Subject: request submitted : access request for amitava . dhar @ enron . com  you have received this email because the requester specified you as their vp .  please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000011185  request create date : 12 / 21 / 00 4 : 20 : 10 pm  requested for : amitava . dhar @ enron . com  resource name : vpn  resource type : applications,0,request submitted access request amitava dhar enron com received email requester specified vp please click approval review act upon request request id request create date pm requested amitava dhar enron com resource name vpn resource type applications
"Subject: re : lawyer  what do i need to do to move this thing forward ?  i suspect that the problem is basically with the lawyers . they only know how  to stop things , but in a way they play a role in global society . if it were  not for the handicaps they lay on us the rest of the world would never have a  chance .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : 3 / 8 / 01 12 : 12 pm  subject : re : lawyer  ian ,  sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  i have one challenge i did not anticipate  when i talked to you the first time about our real options  internal seminar .  the materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor  from another school , and there is some sensitivity regarding  the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the  materials  outside enron .  please , give me some time to find out if i can work  around this issue .  vince  "" macmillan , ian "" on 03 / 07 / 2001 06 : 46 : 28 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : lawyer  i still have not heard from your lawyer . i would like to see whar  materials you are using and assess how we could work on the topic of  real  options with enron",0,lawyer need move thing forward suspect problem basically lawyers know stop things way play role global society handicaps lay us rest world would never chance original message vince j kaminski enron com macmilli wharton upenn edu cc vince j kaminski enron com sent pm subject lawyer ian sorry delay getting back one challenge anticipate talked first time real options internal seminar materials prepared collaboration professor another school sensitivity regarding intellectual property rights ability distribute materials outside enron please give time find work around issue vince macmillan ian vince j kaminski enron com cc subject lawyer still heard lawyer would like see whar materials using assess could work topic real options enron
"Subject: clear benefits of creative design  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your  company will automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isquite ciear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,clear benefits creative design lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwhelminq good catchy logo stylish statlonery outstandlng webslte wili make task much easier promise ordered ioqo company automaticaiiy become world ieader isquite ciear without qood products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: re : var for metals  ted , anjam ' s and myself ' s meeting at mg in ny office on 7 / 20 / 00 was  productive .  i am working on a summary of this discussions ( 1 a version layout )  and will send it to you after consulting with anjam .  regards ,  tanya .",0,var metals ted anjam meeting mg ny office productive working summary discussions version layout send consulting anjam regards tanya
"Subject: christie and vince :  on behalf of enron team 1 , we would like to thank you for being such gracious  hosts . the trip far exceeded our expectations and we appreciate the fact  that so many people took time out of their busy schedules to meet with us . a  special thanks to the both of you for spending all day friday with us . we  look forward to our telephone conference on thursday and to working with you  in the future .  team 1 :  kim whitsel  nick levitt  vincent chen  jack rejtman  deepa mallik  tulika bhalla",0,christie vince behalf enron team would like thank gracious hosts trip far exceeded expectations appreciate fact many people took time busy schedules meet us special thanks spending day friday us look forward telephone conference thursday working future team kim whitsel nick levitt vincent chen jack rejtman deepa mallik tulika bhalla
Subject: re : notice of end probation  i would like to pass sharad ' s probationary period .  steve  london hrservice centre  25 / 01 / 2001 10 : 49  sent by : zoe michael  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : notice of end probation  notice of end of probation  i am writing to inform you that the six month probationary period for sharad  agnihotri is due to end on the 21 / 02 / 2001 .  please can you let me know as soon as possible if you want to :  * pass the probationary period  * fail the probationary period * *  * * in this case you will need to discuss with human resources  if the probationary period is passed i will send out a letter to this effect  for you to sign and pass to your employee .  thank you  zoe,0,notice end probation would like pass sharad probationary period steve london hrservice centre sent zoe michael steven leppard lon ect ect cc subject notice end probation notice end probation writing inform six month probationary period sharad agnihotri due end please let know soon possible want pass probationary period fail probationary period case need discuss human resources probationary period passed send letter effect sign pass employee thank zoe
"Subject: interview schedules for tony hamilton and damian likely  please find the interview packets for the above - referenced candidates . the  interviews will occur on friday january 26 , 2001 . please print all documents  for your reference . hardcopies of their resumes will be delivered via  runner . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not  hesitate to contact me .  shawn grady  58701",0,interview schedules tony hamilton damian likely please find interview packets referenced candidates interviews occur friday january please print documents reference hardcopies resumes delivered via runner questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact shawn grady
Subject: re : requests for help  thanks vince .,0,requests help thanks vince
"Subject: re : new powermod 97 . xls  marty :  absolutely yes ! we are now using option functions in the exotic options  library ( in r : \ exotica which everybody in risk management has access to )  instead of the old visual basic code in the powermod file . this improved the  calculation speed for options quite a bit .  we are also embarking on a new project to develop the next generation  structuring and pricing models . i will discuss about this project in more  detail with you soon and get your input , but the main goals i see now are :  1 . superior performance ( speed ) to enable fast pricing especially for the  underwriting group ,  2 . proper documentation for easy maintenance and ability to quickly adapt to  meet future needs , and  3 . security / access control to the files .  the first stage in this process is to take inventory of what we have : i am  documenting the current structuring models . this step is important not only  for developing our next generation models but also for the aa audit of all  the ees pricing models .  krishna .  to : maureen craig / hou / ees @ ees , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , dennis  benevides / hou / ees @ ees  cc :  subject : new powermod 97 . xls  any performance improvement to be expected ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marty sunde / hou / ees on 07 / 26 / 2000 10 : 14  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pinnamaneni krishnarao @ ect  07 / 24 / 2000 01 : 37 pm  to : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees , james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees , neil  hong / hou / ees @ ees  cc : marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees , alexios kollaros / hou / ees @ ees  subject : new powermod 97 . xls  we have made enhancements to powermod 97 . xls model to enable proper processing  from the batch model . these changes should not affect current functionality  of this file . we will be putting the new version into production later today .  please contact me or alex kollaros ( x 39806 ) with your comments or problems .  thanks ,  krishna  x 35485 .",0,new powermod xls marty absolutely yes using option functions exotic options library r exotica everybody risk management access instead old visual basic code powermod file improved calculation speed options quite bit also embarking new project develop next generation structuring pricing models discuss project detail soon get input main goals see superior performance speed enable fast pricing especially underwriting group proper documentation easy maintenance ability quickly adapt meet future needs security access control files first stage process take inventory documenting current structuring models step important developing next generation models also aa audit ees pricing models krishna maureen craig hou ees ees pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect dennis benevides hou ees ees cc subject new powermod xls performance improvement expected forwarded marty sunde hou ees pinnamaneni krishnarao ect pm dennis benevides hou ees ees james w lewis hou ees ees neil hong hou ees ees cc marty sunde hou ees ees alexios kollaros hou ees ees subject new powermod xls made enhancements powermod xls model enable proper processing batch model changes affect current functionality file putting new version production later today please contact alex kollaros x comments problems thanks krishna x
"Subject: isa article on embedded real - time linux automation applications . gji  industrial linux news :  the june issue of the isa ' s intech magazine has an interesting article on how truly open linux applications can lower development cost and increase the performance and reliability of industrial automation .  a copy of the the article can be found at : http : / / www . sixnet - io . com / html _ files / web _ articles / linux _ article _ info . htm  this linux news update brought to you by : www . linux 4 oems . info  if you don ' t want to receive future linux news updates , please reply to this e - mail with the subject "" unsubscribe "" . you may also unsubscribe or resolve subscription difficulties by calling sixnet at 518 - 877 - 5173 or e - mailing : linuxnews @ sixnet - io . com  .  naorwnwbxbsttgvelamusbs",1,isa article embedded real time linux automation applications gji industrial linux news june issue isa intech magazine interesting article truly open linux applications lower development cost increase performance reliability industrial automation copy article found http www sixnet io com html files web articles linux article info htm linux news update brought www linux oems info want receive future linux news updates please reply e mail subject unsubscribe may also unsubscribe resolve subscription difficulties calling sixnet e mailing linuxnews sixnet io com naorwnwbxbsttgvelamusbs
Subject: be one of our survey takers and we ' ll send you a complimentary laptop computer .  computer survey group needs survey takers in your area now . we ' d like to send you a complimentary laptop computer now for helping us . ( )  qrwzyyvp,1,one survey takers send complimentary laptop computer computer survey group needs survey takers area like send complimentary laptop computer helping us qrwzyyvp
"Subject: user id and password update  dear subscriber ,  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? institutional investors newsletters is in the process of upgrading  its web sites backend database . ? we have found that you have different user  names and passwords for the following newsletters :  derivatives week ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? http : / / www . derivativesweek . com  power finance ( 212 ) 224 - 3491 fax  nhumphrey @ iinews . com",0,user id password update dear subscriber institutional investors newsletters process upgrading web sites backend database found different user names passwords following newsletters derivatives week http www derivativesweek com power finance fax nhumphrey iinews com
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at baco . hotlink . com . br .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  200 . 164 . 232 . 214 does not like recipient .  remote host said : 550 sorry , no mailbox by that name ( # 5 . 7 . 1 )  giving up on 200 . 164 . 232 . 214 .  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 5021 invoked by uid 516 ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 02 : 38 - 0000  received : from 83 . 25 . 242 . 232 by baco . hotlink . com . br ( envelope - from , uid 505 ) with qmail - scanner - 1 . 25  ( clamdscan : 0 . 85 . 1 / 935 .  clear : rc : 0 ( 83 . 25 . 242 . 232 ) : .  processed in 2 . 978309 secs ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 02 : 38 - 0000  received : from aji 232 . neoplus . adsl . tpnet . pl ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 83 . 25 . 242 . 232 )  by 0 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 02 : 34 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30516641 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : antonioantonio @ coopvita . com . br  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program baco hotlink com br afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work like recipient remote host said sorry mailbox name giving line copy message return path received qmail invoked uid jul received baco hotlink com br envelope uid qmail scanner clamdscan clear rc processed secs jul received aji neoplus adsl tpnet pl helo mailwisconsin com smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo antonioantonio coopvita com br user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivabie
"Subject: re : iris mack  molly ,  this is the list of people we can ask to interview iris .  i would include one ( or possibly more ) people from each group below ,  depending on availability .  1 . debbie brackett or bill bradford  2 . ted murphy , bjorn hagelman or david port  3 . mark tawney or joe hrgovcic  4 . greg whalley or louise kitchen  i shall send a message to them explaining that we try to identify the best  fit for a good  candidate .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 12 / 18 / 2000 11 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : iris mack  iris would like to come on thursday , 12 / 28 / 2000 , to visit with you and your  group . she will be in new orleans , and will just fly in for the day .  molly",0,iris mack molly list people ask interview iris would include one possibly people group depending availability debbie brackett bill bradford ted murphy bjorn hagelman david port mark tawney joe hrgovcic greg whalley louise kitchen shall send message explaining try identify best fit good candidate vince enron north america corp molly magee vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject iris mack iris would like come thursday visit group new orleans fly day molly
"Subject: use this handy interest calculator to get current interest information . cmaln  use this handy rate calculator to get current interest availability data , without giving out any private or personal information .  this was sent to you by an mediagroup for smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact sm - usa at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to exclude yourself from future sm - usa items please use this to go to the website and then use the choice at the bottom of the page .  cydukzeiqjcs",1,use handy interest calculator get current interest information cmaln use handy rate calculator get current interest availability data without giving private personal information sent mediagroup smartmortgageusa questions may contact sm usa offer attn smartmortgageusa p box san francisco ca wish exclude future sm usa items please use go website use choice bottom page cydukzeiqjcs
"Subject: december 6 th meeting  dear mr . kaminski :  this is to confirm the december 6 th meeting here at our center .  the location for the meeting is room # 3212 steinberg hall - dietrich hall and  the time will run from 9 : 00 am - 11 : 00 am .  please let us know if you need anything further .  we look forward to seeing you then .  regards ,  theresa convery  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  theresa convery  administrative assistant  risk and decision processes center  the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania  ( 215 ) 898 - 5688 / fax : ( 215 ) 573 - 2130  tconvery @ wharton . upenn . edu",0,december th meeting dear mr kaminski confirm december th meeting center location meeting room steinberg hall dietrich hall time run please let us know need anything look forward seeing regards theresa convery theresa convery administrative assistant risk decision processes center wharton school university pennsylvania fax tconvery wharton upenn edu
"Subject: discover the new winning sexual erection pills !  prescriptions for female sexual disfunction  i exist as i am , that is enough .  the covers of this book are too far apart .  a person ' s a person , no matter how small .  a young man is embarrassed to question an older one .",1,discover new winning sexual erection pills prescriptions female sexual disfunction exist enough covers book far apart person person matter small young man embarrassed question older one
"Subject: visiting enron may 4 th  dear vince ,  this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us  on may 4 th .  i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my  assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for  scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to  meet with christie patrick as well .  looking forward to meeting you ,  susan  at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > susan ,  >  > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the  > 4 th .  > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to  > set up the meeting .  >  > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to  > coordinate enron ' s  > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is  > christie patrick .  > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall  > coordinate the meeting  > on may the 4 th with her .  >  > vince  >  >  > additional information re christie :  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117  >  > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  >  >  >  >  >  > "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : visit from stanford ?  >  >  > dear dr . kaminski ,  >  > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations  > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am  > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies  > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions .  >  > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with  > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for  > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip  > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the  > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to  > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday ,  > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip  > planning .  >  > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship  > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities  > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best  > points of contact .  >  > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability ,  >  > sincerely ,  > susan hansen  >  >  >  >  > susan c . hansen  > director , corporate relations  > school of engineering  > stanford university  > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219  susan c . hansen  director , corporate relations  school of engineering  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  ( 650 ) 725 - 4219",0,visiting enron may th dear vince great news donna delighted time see us may th office next week copy email assistant carol lovell ask get touch shirley scheduling well directions meet glad meet christie patrick well looking forward meeting susan pm wrote susan thank message shall glad meet may th shall ask assistant shirley crenshaw call set meeting also information recently set special unit coordinate enron relationships universities person running unit christie patrick please feel free contact give name reference shall coordinate meeting may th vince additional information christie phone email christie patrick enron com susan c hansen pm vkamins enron com cc subject visit stanford dear dr kaminski let briefly introduce director corporate relations school engineering stanford university role always watch ways bring faculty together companies appetite engagement top tier research institutions believe know hill huntington senior researcher stanford energy modeling forum suggested get touch ideas contacts enron process planning trip texas early may along colleague donna lawrence university director corporate relations hoping able include stop enron itinerary right appears friday may th would work best us beginning trip planning purpose visit would review current relationship enron stanford give overview current priorities school engineering ask help identifying best points contact look forward hearing availability sincerely susan hansen susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca susan c hansen director corporate relations school engineering stanford university stanford ca
"Subject: follow up to last week  vince - appreciate you taking the time to dicuss some of our ongoing  quantitative challenges . just wanted to confirm with you the next steps we  agreed to :  research to develop a working prototype of a private firm model by aug . 2001  this effort will include evaluating existing private firm models  houston research to allocate a full time resource , who is willing to spend a  significant amount of time in london ( at least initially ) to kick off the  effort  please let me know if i have missed something .  thanks  bryan",0,follow last week vince appreciate taking time dicuss ongoing quantitative challenges wanted confirm next steps agreed research develop working prototype private firm model aug effort include evaluating existing private firm models houston research allocate full time resource willing spend significant amount time london least initially kick effort please let know missed something thanks bryan
"Subject: texas finance festival registration  the attached is the registration form and information for the texas finance  festival which will be held on april 7 - 8 , 2000 in san antonio .  cindy  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cindy justice / hou / ect on 01 / 06 / 2000 08 : 35  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" john d . martin "" on 01 / 03 / 2000 10 : 23 : 21 am  to : cindy justice / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : good morning !  cindy ,  i tried to send this out earlier and it bounced back . hope it makes it  this time .  john  - announcerev . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,texas finance festival registration attached registration form information texas finance festival held april san antonio cindy forwarded cindy justice hou ect john martin cindy justice hou ect ect cc subject good morning cindy tried send earlier bounced back hope makes time john announcerev doc john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : possible summer internship with enron  vince and datren :  i have scheduled a telephone interview with ainsley this afternoon ( thursday )  at 2 : 00 pm . her telephone no . is 281 - 852 - 9116 .  you can use conference room ebl 938 .  thanks !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 05 / 25 / 2000  07 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" ainsley gaddis "" on 05 / 24 / 2000 04 : 09 : 07 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : possible summer internship with enron  hi ms . crenshaw !  the best time for the interview would be tomorrow , thursday , around 2 : 00 .  you can reach me at 281 - 852 - 9116 . talk to you then !  sincerely ,  ainsley gaddis",0,possible summer internship enron vince datren scheduled telephone interview ainsley afternoon thursday pm telephone use conference room ebl thanks forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect ainsley gaddis pm cc subject possible summer internship enron hi ms crenshaw best time interview would tomorrow thursday around reach talk sincerely ainsley gaddis
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  hien ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards hien
"Subject: ( no subject )  copy any dvd movie using your cd  burner now !  copy dvd now makes it  possible to copy  dvd on cd - r using your computer ' s  cd burner .  you may now copy dvd movie with just one click .  we provide latest and easiest method that eliminates the  use  of conventional dvd copying equipments in dvd burning  process .  this method uses advanced dvd rippers .  copy dvd movies to cd - r ,  encode dvd  to vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd and even create your own  chapters .  all you need is dvd  rom , cd burner and blank  cd ' s .  why spend thousands of  dollars on conventional  dvd copying equipment when you may burn and copy dvd ' s right from  your computer ' s  cd burner .  you  can copy any dvd to cd - you get manual and software  both  copy your dvd ( pal or ntsc ) to cd using your cd burner  make backup copy of dvd to cd - r or cd - rw  play movie from computer , computer to tv or on  any standard dvd player  make backup of your entire dvd collection  make vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd in one click  only .  you may even fit entire dvd on one cd !  create chapters or time intervals on vcd or svcd  no need of having 6 - 8 gb free hard disk space !  what you get in the  package  our interactive manual will walk you through the entire  process of  copying dvd as vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd .  you will be ripping dvd ' s and burning them to cd ' s like a  pro once  you have gone through this easy to follow manual . we have  also included  screenshots for additional clarity to use .  instant downloadable access to the software . stop waiting  for the product to arrive  in mail .  everything is provided to help you start copying your dvd ' s  right  away ! all you need to have is dvd rom , cd burner and few  blank cd ' s !  that ' s it . no dvd burner or dvd copying equipment is  required !  and that ' s not all ! if you buy it now you get free  updates  and upgrades for life ! plus other bonuses .  you get everything needed  to right  away start  copying and burning your dvd to cd .  instant download !  win 95 / 98 / me / nt / 2000 / xp compliant  limited time offer ! ! ! only  $ 39 . 95  to order the dvd burner right now for the super low price of only  $ 39 . 95  with a visa or mastercard ,  just fill out the order form below .  free  bonus # 1  buy  today and you get free updates for life !  if you buy our package now , we will provide you upgrades  and updates  to all future versions of copydvd now absolutely free ! !  this offer alone will save you tons of money for future  upgrades and  keep you updated with the technology .  a  real win win situation ! !  free  bonus # 2  introducing a new technology that  pc magazine calls "" revolutionary "" and the new york times  calls "" ingenious . ""  access  and control your pc from anywhere in the world  with almost any operating  system . begin working on your host computer as if you were  sitting  in front of it .  this  product is the cnet editors ' choice pick for remote  access , and they say  "" you ' d be nuts not to sign up ""  you get free 30 day trial when you buy our package of  copydvdnow today .  more info  join our mailing list to be first to know about fresh  quality  programs and utilities . our list includes selected , tested and  quality freeware , shareware and other software only .  * legal disclaimer *  it is illegal to make copies of copyright material for the purpose  of  selling it to third party . law provides you to make one back up  copy for  personal use . we do not encourage or promote piracy . this program  is not  meant for those who intend to break copy right law and indulge in  illegal  activities . this program serves merely as a guide to help end user  to  backup his personal dvd ' s . all applications suggested in this  package are  not sold as a part of this kit but are freeware and can be  downloaded for  free . by purchasing this package you agree to this disclaimer and  also  agree to use it in most ethical manner . you agree to waive all  liabilities  associated with this program to the provider and associates .  order today . . satisfaction is guaranteed or your money back !  only  $ 39 . 95 !  order  formipping  first name :  last name :  street address :  city , state , zip :  ,  company :  e - mail :  phone :  comments :  credit card type : ( vvvv wwww  xxxx yyyy zzzz )  visamastercard  card number :  expiration date :  3121 wkca 6 - 841 pmnzll 6",1,subject copy dvd movie using cd burner copy dvd makes possible copy dvd cd r using computer cd burner may copy dvd movie one click provide latest easiest method eliminates use conventional dvd copying equipments dvd burning process method uses advanced dvd rippers copy dvd movies cd r encode dvd vcd svcd xvcd xsvcd even create chapters need dvd rom cd burner blank cd spend thousands dollars conventional dvd copying equipment may burn copy dvd right computer cd burner copy dvd cd get manual software copy dvd pal ntsc cd using cd burner make backup copy dvd cd r cd rw play movie computer computer tv standard dvd player make backup entire dvd collection make vcd svcd xvcd xsvcd one click may even fit entire dvd one cd create chapters time intervals vcd svcd need gb free hard disk space get package interactive manual walk entire process copying dvd vcd svcd xvcd xsvcd ripping dvd burning cd like pro gone easy follow manual also included screenshots additional clarity use instant downloadable access software stop waiting product arrive mail everything provided help start copying dvd right away need dvd rom cd burner blank cd dvd burner dvd copying equipment required buy get free updates upgrades life plus bonuses get everything needed right away start copying burning dvd cd instant download win nt xp compliant limited time offer order dvd burner right super low price visa mastercard fill order form free bonus buy today get free updates life buy package provide upgrades updates future versions copydvd absolutely free offer alone save tons money future upgrades keep updated technology real win win situation free bonus introducing new technology pc magazine calls revolutionary new york times calls ingenious access control pc anywhere world almost operating system begin working host computer sitting front product cnet editors choice pick remote access say nuts sign get free day trial buy package copydvdnow today info join mailing list first know fresh quality programs utilities list includes selected tested quality freeware shareware software legal disclaimer illegal make copies copyright material purpose selling third party law provides make one back copy personal use encourage promote piracy program meant intend break copy right law indulge illegal activities program serves merely guide help end user backup personal dvd applications suggested package sold part kit freeware downloaded free purchasing package agree disclaimer also agree use ethical manner agree waive liabilities associated program provider associates order today satisfaction guaranteed money back order formipping first name last name street address city state zip company e mail phone comments credit card type vvvv wwww xxxx yyyy zzzz visamastercard card number expiration date wkca pmnzll
"Subject: worth a careful reading  best regards ,  jhherbert  - gdol 0314 abr . pdf",0,worth careful reading best regards jhherbert gdol abr pdf
Subject: re : 7 / 14 - - crude oil and nat gas  fyi  1 . george hopefully will get us some peaking data soon  2 . george likes tricia ' s new format ( based on meeting with arnold yesterday  afternoon which went well )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 07 / 14 / 2000  07 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  george hopley  07 / 13 / 2000 09 : 07 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 7 / 14 - - crude oil and nat gas  i thought today ' s analysis was good perspective . i found some records of  peaking  production which will forward over tomorrow .  george  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george hopley / hou / ect on 07 / 13 / 2000 08 : 54  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  george hopley  07 / 13 / 2000 08 : 52 pm  to : patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 7 / 14 - - crude oil and nat gas  nice commentary on gas  from : patricia tlapek 07 / 13 / 2000 08 : 49 pm  to : patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ( bcc : george hopley / hou / ect )  subject : 7 / 14 - - crude oil and nat gas,0,crude oil nat gas fyi george hopefully get us peaking data soon george likes tricia new format based meeting arnold yesterday afternoon went well forwarded mike roberts hou ect george hopley pm mike roberts hou ect ect cc subject crude oil nat gas thought today analysis good perspective found records peaking production forward tomorrow george forwarded george hopley hou ect pm george hopley pm patricia tlapek hou ect ect cc subject crude oil nat gas nice commentary gas patricia tlapek pm patricia tlapek hou ect ect cc bcc george hopley hou ect subject crude oil nat gas
"Subject: eol trade size discrepancies  vince -  i have discovered the two sources of discrepancy in the "" transaction dollars ""  on eol , between my numbers and those of eol . first , eol records all index  trades with the henry hub price ( since the index price isn ' t , inadvertently ,  recorded with the trade , as i told you ) , whereas i went back and appended the  contemporaneous index price to the trades . second , eol ignores all basis  trades in reporting transaction dollars , whereas i append a rough size to  them of the "" price "" as the basis , times the quantity .  i ' m sorry i wasn ' t ready in time with my numbers ; i took the task of accuracy  very seriously .  clayton",0,eol trade size discrepancies vince discovered two sources discrepancy transaction dollars eol numbers eol first eol records index trades henry hub price since index price inadvertently recorded trade told whereas went back appended contemporaneous index price trades second eol ignores basis trades reporting transaction dollars whereas append rough size price basis times quantity sorry ready time numbers took task accuracy seriously clayton
"Subject: ebay notice - your ebay account has been stolen !  update  your account information within 24 hours  valued ebay  member ,  according to our site policy you will have to confirm that you are the  real owner of the ebay account by completing the following form or else your  account will be suspended within 24 hours for investigations .  never share your  ebay password to anyone !  establish your proof of  identity with id verify ( free of charge ) - an easy way to help others trust  you as their trading partner . the process takes about 5 minutes to complete  and involves updating your ebay information . when you ' re successfully  verified , you will receive an id verify icon  in your feedback profile . currently , the service is only available to  residents of the united states and u . s . territories ( puerto rico , us virgin  islands and guam . )  to update your ebay records  click here : ",1,ebay notice ebay account stolen update account information within hours valued ebay member according site policy confirm real owner ebay account completing following form else account suspended within hours investigations never share ebay password anyone establish proof identity id verify free charge easy way help others trust trading partner process takes minutes complete involves updating ebay information successfully verified receive id verify icon feedback profile currently service available residents united states u territories puerto rico us virgin islands guam update ebay records click
Subject: new recruit : matthew williams work and training plan  attached . those in the us please feel free to resize the document to your  printer ' s content .  steve,0,new recruit matthew williams work training plan attached us please feel free resize document printer content steve
Subject: cc prevents diesel fuel gelling 3750 r - 5  1075 rxoo 9 - 26 ll 1  increase your gas mileage  it ' s easy and fast  anyone can install  works on any automobile engine  improves engine performance  tested by a recognized epa testing laboratory  guaranteed 100 %  joel 94515085 @ yahoo . com ,1,cc prevents diesel fuel gelling r rxoo increase gas mileage easy fast anyone install works automobile engine improves engine performance tested recognized epa testing laboratory guaranteed joel yahoo com
"Subject: eol  dan ,  i am forwarding you the summary of the information for eol that we can  provide . i shall talk to risk magazine to settle the  copyright issues .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 25 / 2000  05 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : mike a roberts 05 / 25 / 2000 02 : 56 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : eol  vince -  as a follow - up to this afternoon ' s telephone conversation , the following four  categories of information were discussed with dan diamond for inclusion in  the research group ' s contribution to eol content :  1 . published articles authored by research group members  a . mostly risk magazine stuff  b . copyright issues  2 . research intelligence articles  a . backlog of around 50 articles  b . needs screening prior to release  c . review system in place for future articles  d . weekly  3 . technical analysis  a . cross commodity analyses  b . intranet material ready for internet  c . generic informative content available  4 . streaming video of weather  a . daily 2 - 3 minutes capsule  b . toned - down verson of whats given to traders  c . energy - focused  - - mike",0,eol dan forwarding summary information eol provide shall talk risk magazine settle copyright issues vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm mike roberts pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject eol vince follow afternoon telephone conversation following four categories information discussed dan diamond inclusion research group contribution eol content published articles authored research group members mostly risk magazine stuff b copyright issues research intelligence articles backlog around articles b needs screening prior release c review system place future articles weekly technical analysis cross commodity analyses b intranet material ready internet c generic informative content available streaming video weather daily minutes capsule b toned verson whats given traders c energy focused mike
"Subject: you want to submit your website to search engines but do not know how to do it ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  online otherwise it wiil be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where peopie search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in multiple search engines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best reqards ,  myrlburns _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,want submit website search engines know submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically invested time money website simply must submit website online otherwise wiil invisibie virtuaiiy means efforts spent vain want people know website boost revenues oniy way make site visible places peopie search information e submit website multiple search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best reqards myrlburns interested
"Subject: improving option valuation precision in erms  allan ,  paulo issler in our group , working with eric moon in structuring , recently  tracked down the reason for a slight mis - match in option pricing in erms vs .  the structuring spreadsheets . it is due to the fact that the option  valuation functions in erms use a slightly less accurate approximation for  the cumulative normal distribution . we would be happy to work with the right  person to update the erms code in order to close this discrepancy . please  let me know how you would like to proceed .  if you are not the correct person to address the mainenance of erms , please  let me know who to contact .  thank you ,  stinson gibner  x 34748",0,improving option valuation precision erms allan paulo issler group working eric moon structuring recently tracked reason slight mis match option pricing erms vs structuring spreadsheets due fact option valuation functions erms use slightly less accurate approximation cumulative normal distribution would happy work right person update erms code order close discrepancy please let know would like proceed correct person address mainenance erms please let know contact thank stinson gibner x
"Subject: meeting regarding "" gary hickerson trading ""  hello all :  vince would like to schedule a meeting on tuesday , may 23 at 3 : 00 pm  in conference room ebl 938 . this will be to discuss the subject topic .  please let me know if you are available .  thanks  shirley  3 - 5290",0,meeting regarding gary hickerson trading hello vince would like schedule meeting tuesday may pm conference room ebl discuss subject topic please let know available thanks shirley
"Subject: credit applicatiions in grms  this note is from ted murphy ( not bjorn hagelman )  my understanding is that yet another meeting has been scheduled with the  intent of diverting resources from the grms project to some other project .  while i am not privy to the urgency of this other project , i do know that we  have a very large , multi - phase project going in grms .  grms stands for the global risk monitoring system . it is not intended to be  a commercial trading product not is its primary purpose for commercial  decision - making . conceptually , it is a risk warehouse for the primary  purpose of rac due to the deficiency of current front office trading systems  and their inability to provide timely , aggregated information useful to rac .  rac has spent over a year developing a business plan scope and detailed task  list to accomplish its objectives . as a firm we are woefully behind our  press clippings in our ability to aggregate and understand our risk profile .  my most recent sojorn in europe is a classic example of the current systems  inabilty to aggregate and meet the needs of rac having abetted poor decision  making and causing cash losses in well in excess of the grms budget or that  of the market risk group in rac .  the grms project is a requirement that bill bradford and i have in order to  do our jobs . we have delegated authority to debbie brackett and rudi zipter  to make decisions regarding priorities and as such meet regularly with  jonathon and his team as well as rick buy to provide updates . while progress  is never as fast as we would like it , in every instance in which we have only  to rely on rac , jonathon ' s team and research to make a deadline it haas been  hit . the primary reason for any delays whatsoever has been the diversion of  resources off the project or the reliance for cooperation from some other  source - most recently the it staff in london was a tremendous impediment to  deadlines .  please excuse the frustration that is apparently coming through in this note ,  but i feel like the boy with his finger in the dyke and no one is listening .  also , i have had several employees come to resignation over their frustration  on the lack of management support for this project , usually manifesting  itself in the lack of resources or the diversion of resources devoted to it .  i think we have proven collectively that we can organize a modular multiphase  project and provide tangible deliverables when not distracted . please let us  do our jobs . i do not denigrate the efforts of others , but i believe that  they must either submit their detailed requirements to us for our  consideration of their worthiness to put in our que or develop their own  project with their own resources .  thank you for your consideration of this opinion . as it relates to things  that will effect the ability of market risk to do its job , please consult me  as i would you .  ted",0,credit applicatiions grms note ted murphy bjorn hagelman understanding yet another meeting scheduled intent diverting resources grms project project privy urgency project know large multi phase project going grms grms stands global risk monitoring system intended commercial trading product primary purpose commercial decision making conceptually risk warehouse primary purpose rac due deficiency current front office trading systems inability provide timely aggregated information useful rac rac spent year developing business plan scope detailed task list accomplish objectives firm woefully behind press clippings ability aggregate understand risk profile recent sojorn europe classic example current systems inabilty aggregate meet needs rac abetted poor decision making causing cash losses well excess grms budget market risk group rac grms project requirement bill bradford order jobs delegated authority debbie brackett rudi zipter make decisions regarding priorities meet regularly jonathon team well rick buy provide updates progress never fast would like every instance rely rac jonathon team research make deadline haas hit primary reason delays whatsoever diversion resources project reliance cooperation source recently staff london tremendous impediment deadlines please excuse frustration apparently coming note feel like boy finger dyke one listening also several employees come resignation frustration lack management support project usually manifesting lack resources diversion resources devoted think proven collectively organize modular multiphase project provide tangible deliverables distracted please let us jobs denigrate efforts others believe must either submit detailed requirements us consideration worthiness put que develop project resources thank consideration opinion relates things effect ability market risk job please consult would ted
"Subject: thank you !  fyi from valeria .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 12 / 2000  10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  valeria . i . stone @ exxon . sprint . com on 09 / 12 / 2000 09 : 59 : 37 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : thank you !  date : september 12 , 2000  from : stone , v . i . ( valeria ) vistone - americas  to : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co shirlecl - fpexmail  subject : thank you !  dear shirley ,  can you please forward this thank you note to kevin kindall , grant masson ,  tanya tamarchenko and  vince kaminski for me .  dear kevin , grant , tanya , and vince :  i just wanted to thank you for the time you shared with me on friday ,  september 8 th , regarding employment opportunities with enron . i enjoyed  meeting with you and discussing your company ' s structure and mission as well  as the objectives of the research group . i was impressed by the fast - paced  environment and dedication that were displayed by your group . it is apparent  to me that your group greatly contributes to the overall success of enron .  i am looking forward to hearing from you soon .  sincerely ,  valeria stone  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co  sent : thursday , september 07 , 2000 10 : 27 am  to : stone , v . i . ( valeria )  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  valeria :  3 : 30 pm tomorrow the 9 th will be fine . we will have to change the schedule  a little bit , but i believe it will work .  kevin kindall 3 : 30 pm  grant masson 4 : 00 pm  tanya tamarchenko 4 : 30 pm  vince kaminski 5 : 00 pm  same scenario - upon arrival in the lobby go to the security desk and ask  for me . i will meet you in the lobby of the 19 th floor .  thanks so much for your flexibility !  shirley crenshaw  valeria . i . stone @ exxon . sprint . com on 09 / 07 / 2000 08 : 56 : 24 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  date : september 7 , 2000  from : stone , v . i . ( valeria ) vistone -  americas  to : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co shirlecl -  fpexmail  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  sure , tomorrow is fine with me . is it possible to schedule it at 3 : 30 pm ?  and i am sure it is not an easy task to fit the schedule of several people  to  be available at the same time window . so please feel free to let me know  if  you will need to do another time adjustment .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co  sent : thursday , september 07 , 2000 9 : 47 am  to : stone , v . i . ( valeria )  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  valeria :  please do not think we are always this unorganized , but things just seem  to be happening right now and it is disrupting everyone ' s schedule .  would you possibly be able to come tomorrow the 8 th ? kevin kindall  will not be here on the 15 th and he would definately like to interview you .  then vince kaminski will be gone for two weeks after the 15 th . it seems  like tomorrow might be the best time for everyone , if it is for you .  we can begin the interviews at 3 : 00 pm and probably end them at 5 : 00  or 5 : 30 pm .  please let me know .  thanks so much for your understanding .  [ stone , v . i . ( valeria ) ! :  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  valeria . i . stone @ exxon . sprint . com on 09 / 07 / 2000 07 : 46 : 13 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  date : september 7 , 2000  from : stone , v . i . ( valeria ) vistone -  americas  to : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co shirlecl -  fpexmail  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  [ stone , v . i . ( valeria ) ! 0  definitely - any of these days sound good to me . the only concern that i  have , is that i have my graduate class on thursday night at 6 pm which is  september the 14 th .  so if you will schedule the interview on the 14 th of september , i would  need  to leave around 5 : 15 pm so i could attend my class .  it actually might be more convenient for me to meet with the interviewers  on  the 15 th of september . if this day does not fit the schedule of any of the  interested in interviewing individuals , i surely will be able to meet with  them on the 14 th .  i will be looking forward to your reply .  sincerely ,  valeria stone  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co  sent : wednesday , september 06 , 2000 4 : 32 pm  to : stone , v . i . ( valeria )  subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group  valeria :  would you be able to do the interview on the 14 th or 15 th instead of the  13 th ? vince kaminski , who would really like to interview you , has been  called out of town on the 13 th . he will be back on the 14 th .  also grant masson is conducting an options seminar on the 13 th and  would not be able to interview you until after 5 : 00 pm .  please let me know if we can just push the interview to the same time  frame only on the 14 th or 15 th .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290",0,thank fyi valeria forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect valeria stone exxon sprint com shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject thank date september stone v valeria vistone americas ext shirley crenshaw enron co shirlecl fpexmail subject thank dear shirley please forward thank note kevin kindall grant masson tanya tamarchenko vince kaminski dear kevin grant tanya vince wanted thank time shared friday september th regarding employment opportunities enron enjoyed meeting discussing company structure mission well objectives research group impressed fast paced environment dedication displayed group apparent group greatly contributes overall success enron looking forward hearing soon sincerely valeria stone original message ext shirley crenshaw enron co sent thursday september stone v valeria subject informal exploratory interview enron research group valeria pm tomorrow th fine change schedule little bit believe work kevin kindall pm grant masson pm tanya tamarchenko pm vince kaminski pm scenario upon arrival lobby go security desk ask meet lobby th floor thanks much flexibility shirley crenshaw valeria stone exxon sprint com shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject informal exploratory interview enron research group date september stone v valeria vistone americas ext shirley crenshaw enron co shirlecl fpexmail subject informal exploratory interview enron research group sure tomorrow fine possible schedule pm sure easy task fit schedule several people available time window please feel free let know need another time adjustment original message ext shirley crenshaw enron co sent thursday september stone v valeria subject informal exploratory interview enron research group valeria please think always unorganized things seem happening right disrupting everyone schedule would possibly able come tomorrow th kevin kindall th would definately like interview vince kaminski gone two weeks th seems like tomorrow might best time everyone begin interviews pm probably end pm please let know thanks much understanding stone v valeria regards shirley crenshaw valeria stone exxon sprint com shirley crenshaw enron com cc subject informal exploratory interview enron research group date september stone v valeria vistone americas ext shirley crenshaw enron co shirlecl fpexmail subject informal exploratory interview enron research group stone v valeria definitely days sound good concern graduate class thursday night pm september th schedule interview th september would need leave around pm could attend class actually might convenient meet interviewers th september day fit schedule interested interviewing individuals surely able meet th looking forward reply sincerely valeria stone original message ext shirley crenshaw enron co sent wednesday september pm stone v valeria subject informal exploratory interview enron research group valeria would able interview th th instead th vince kaminski would really like interview called town th back th also grant masson conducting options seminar th would able interview pm please let know push interview time frame th th thanks shirley crenshaw
"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miliions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1,ready get hello viagra med struggle mens erectile dysfunction like one jokes sais strong enough man made woman orderinq viaqra oniine convinient fast secure way miliions peopie daiiy save privacy money order
"Subject: re : american gas association  mike ,  please , draft a message to js , dd and jl outlining the aga  benefits and costs . this will be their decision .  vince  from : mike a roberts 07 / 27 / 2000 09 : 10 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : american gas association  vince - - -  this project is getting lost in the cracks  should we meet with dave delainy to get it off high center ? ?  - - - mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 07 / 27 / 2000  09 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  elizabeth linnell @ ees  07 / 27 / 2000 08 : 41 am  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : richard shapiro / hou / ees @ ees  subject : re : american gas association  please see the string of messages below .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by elizabeth linnell / hou / ees on 07 / 27 / 2000  08 : 36 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  carolyn cooney @ enron  07 / 27 / 2000 08 : 35 am  to : elizabeth linnell / hou / ees @ ees  cc :  subject : re : american gas association  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carolyn cooney / corp / enron on 07 / 27 / 2000  09 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : allison navin 07 / 26 / 2000 05 : 23 pm  to : cynthia sandherr / corp / enron @ enron  cc : carolyn cooney / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : american gas association  i actually called stan horton ' s office yesterday to find out if they knew  anything about the aga membership , and cindy stark who works with stan  informed me that stan cancelled our associate membership with aga effective  january , 2000 . i called jay copan with aga back and left him a voicemail  with the information . i asked him to call me if he had any questions and i  have not heard back from him . i ' ll considered it closed unless i hear back  from him .  from : cynthia sandherr 07 / 25 / 2000 08 : 08 pm  to : carolyn cooney / corp / enron @ enron  cc : allison navin / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : american gas association  this is a joe hillings issue .  carolyn cooney  07 / 25 / 2000 11 : 01 am  to : allison navin / corp / enron @ enron  cc : cynthia sandherr / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : american gas association  i believe that stan horton ' s office handled the dues for aga .  from : allison navin 07 / 25 / 2000 10 : 33 am  to : cynthia sandherr / corp / enron @ enron  cc : carolyn cooney / corp / enron @ enron  subject : american gas association  jay copan with american gas assn . called . julie caboose suggested that he  talk with you about enron ' s aga dues . ( he spoke to rick shapiro who said  that he has no knowledge of the dues situation ) . please call at 202 - 824 - 7020 .",0,american gas association mike please draft message js dd jl outlining aga benefits costs decision vince mike roberts vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject american gas association vince project getting lost cracks meet dave delainy get high center mike forwarded mike roberts hou ect elizabeth linnell ees mike roberts hou ect ect cc richard shapiro hou ees ees subject american gas association please see string messages forwarded elizabeth linnell hou ees carolyn cooney enron elizabeth linnell hou ees ees cc subject american gas association forwarded carolyn cooney corp enron allison navin pm cynthia sandherr corp enron enron cc carolyn cooney corp enron enron subject american gas association actually called stan horton office yesterday find knew anything aga membership cindy stark works stan informed stan cancelled associate membership aga effective january called jay copan aga back left voicemail information asked call questions heard back considered closed unless hear back cynthia sandherr pm carolyn cooney corp enron enron cc allison navin corp enron enron subject american gas association joe hillings issue carolyn cooney allison navin corp enron enron cc cynthia sandherr corp enron enron subject american gas association believe stan horton office handled dues aga allison navin cynthia sandherr corp enron enron cc carolyn cooney corp enron enron subject american gas association jay copan american gas assn called julie caboose suggested talk enron aga dues spoke rick shapiro said knowledge dues situation please call
"Subject: i think , yes .  the things we sell are known over the world !  our goods for guys are in requisition ! ",1,think yes things sell known world goods guys requisition
"Subject: earn 20 times your peers  asset marketing systems  is the insurance industry ' s fastest  growing field marketing organization over the past four years .  this year we ' ll place $ 1 . 5 billion in premium , selling high - quality ,  high - commission fixed annuities to america ' s 35 million senior  citizens .  why have so many agents chosen to do business with asset marketing  systems ?  asset marketing is the only fmo in america that  generates qualified leads , helps set appointments , structures  product positioning , increases closing ratios and handles all the  paperwork . . . at absolutely no cost to the agent !  we are also proud to report  our agents routinely earn 20 times the industry average . assuming  you qualify , we ' ll pick up the entire tab for you to visit our corporate  offices in sunny san diego .  ready to join the best ? call susan at  or e - mail jennifer at jennifer @ . com  or  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  we  do not want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this  is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to  be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead ,  go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1,earn times peers asset marketing systems insurance industry fastest growing field marketing organization past four years year place billion premium selling high quality high commission fixed annuities america million senior citizens many agents chosen business asset marketing systems asset marketing fmo america generates qualified leads helps set appointments structures product positioning increases closing ratios handles paperwork absolutely cost agent also proud report agents routinely earn times industry average assuming qualify pick entire tab visit corporate offices sunny san diego ready join best call susan e mail jennifer jennifer com please fill form information name e mail phone city state want anyone receive mailings wish professional communication sent insurance professionals removed mailing list reply message instead go http www insurancemail net legal notice
"Subject: bogdan szopa - cv  vince :  can you give me some background on bogdan ?  many thanks . shawn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shawn cumberland / enron _ development on  02 / 12 / 2001 08 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  awenda 2000 @ cs . com on 02 / 11 / 2001 11 : 26 : 12 pm  to : shawn . cumberland @ enron . com  cc :  subject : bogdan szopa - cv  dear shawn ,  it was a pleasure talking to you today . i will call you upon my return from  europe . in the meantime we will stay in touch via e - mail .  enclosed is my curriculum vitae .  best regards ,  bogdan m . szopa  - bogdan res . . doc",0,bogdan szopa cv vince give background bogdan many thanks shawn forwarded shawn cumberland enron development awenda cs com pm shawn cumberland enron com cc subject bogdan szopa cv dear shawn pleasure talking today call upon return europe meantime stay touch via e mail enclosed curriculum vitae best regards bogdan szopa bogdan res doc
"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at gigas . keys . be .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  this address no longer accepts mail .  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 10006 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 35 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 220 . 162 . 170 . 32 )  by gigas . keys . be with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 35 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815823 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ deboel . net  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !",1,failure notice hi qmail send program gigas keys afraid able deliver message following addresses permanent error given sorry work address longer accepts mail line copy message return path received qmail invoked network jul received unknown helo mailwisconsin com gigas keys smtp jul received squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot projecthoneypot org mailwisconsin com http id j gzo tue jul message id date tue jul subject barry castillo info deboel net user agent squirrelmail x mailer squirrelmail mime version content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding bit x priority normal importance normal soft viagra per dose ready boost sex life positive time right order soft viagra incredibly low prices starting per dose unbeiivable
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  oliver ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards oliver
"Subject: continuation of spanish classes  roy :  i spoke with vince and he approved your continuing your spanish classes .  if you need anything else , please let me know .  shirley",0,continuation spanish classes roy spoke vince approved continuing spanish classes need anything else please let know shirley
"Subject: re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  bernard ,  yes , i can read a dvi file . you can also cc  my home address : vkaminski @ aol . com . i shall  try to send you an answer to your question on weekend .  vince  "" murphy , bernard "" on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 18 : 58 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  vince ,  i can send you a scientific word dvi file ( at the weekend ) if you can read  scientific word files ? the dissertation hasn ' t been reviewed by les or the  external yet - although its been at forc for 2 months . i think that the  empirical chapter is probably the one which would be of most relevance to  both our company ' s businesses - although i ultimately didn ' t have the time  to ' explicitly ' price the jump risk - premium which i conjectured is possibly  implicit in the prices of exchange - traded electricity futures - options -  rather i developed an implicit estimation procedure which will enable a  rough assessment ( with a little bit of further work , but not too much ) be  made of the price of jump risk in wholesale power markets .  in other words , i assumed spot jump - risk to be undiversifiable , and  essentially devoted 2 theoretical chapters to :  1 ) proving that a jump - diffusion trading model is "" incomplete "" ( synthesising  the securities markets framework with martingale representation theory ) -  note that i did not assume that markets could be dynamically completed with  ' term structure ' securities as in the hjm w / jumps papers of shirakawa and  das and ;  2 ) deriving an explicit risk - adjustment process for ' implementing ' the price  of jump - risk using a jump - diffusion marginal indirect utility of wealth  process ( ie . a jump - augmented production economy approach in the spirit of  cir , bates , ahn whereas in the latter the driftless forward supposition  means that i have to capture mean - reversion via the futures volatility  function , and jumps are less easy to calibrate . any suggestions ?  regards  bernard  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 01 march 2001 14 : 54  to : murphy , bernard  cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  bernard ,  i am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a  reprint .  i would be glad to take a look at your dissertation . is it available as a  publication , working paper ?  vince  "" murphy , bernard "" on 03 / 01 / 2001 02 : 17 : 39 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  hello vince ,  my name is bernard murphy - i received your e - mail address from les  clewlow ,  who was my phd supervisor at the financia options research centre at  warwick  business school . i ' ve just finished my phd on electricity price jump  diffusions : a theoretical and empirical study in incomplete markets -  hence my interest in electricity price modelling and derivative pricing . i  was looking to get hold of a copy of your 1997 paper , which has recently  come to my attention :  "" the challenge of pricing & risk - managing electricity derivatives "" , the us  power market , risk publications , pp . 149 - 171 .  and les suggested that i contact you directly ( les is travelling at present  and doesn ' t have an electronic copy available ) to request an e - copy .  incidentally , i am lecturer in finance / financial mathematics at  university  of limerick ( ireland ) and have taken a year out to work for caminus uk ,  where i am working on introducing and developing a markets - based approach  ( spark - spread ) to real asset valuations in the uk power industry .  thanks in advancve  bernard murphy",0,risk paper pricing electricity derivatives bernard yes read dvi file also cc home address vkaminski aol com shall try send answer question weekend vince murphy bernard vince j kaminski enron com cc subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives vince send scientific word dvi file weekend read scientific word files dissertation reviewed les external yet although forc months think empirical chapter probably one would relevance company businesses although ultimately time explicitly price jump risk premium conjectured possibly implicit prices exchange traded electricity futures options rather developed implicit estimation procedure enable rough assessment little bit work much made price jump risk wholesale power markets words assumed spot jump risk undiversifiable essentially devoted theoretical chapters proving jump diffusion trading model incomplete synthesising securities markets framework martingale representation theory note assume markets could dynamically completed term structure securities hjm w jumps papers shirakawa das deriving explicit risk adjustment process implementing price jump risk using jump diffusion marginal indirect utility wealth process ie jump augmented production economy approach spirit cir bates ahn whereas latter driftless forward supposition means capture mean reversion via futures volatility function jumps less easy calibrate suggestions regards bernard original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent march murphy bernard cc shirley crenshaw enron com vince j kaminski enron com subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives bernard forwarding message assistant mail reprint would glad take look dissertation available publication working paper vince murphy bernard vince j kaminski enron com cc subject risk paper pricing electricity derivatives hello vince name bernard murphy received e mail address les clewlow phd supervisor financia options research centre warwick business school finished phd electricity price jump diffusions theoretical empirical study incomplete markets hence interest electricity price modelling derivative pricing looking get hold copy paper recently come attention challenge pricing risk managing electricity derivatives us power market risk publications pp les suggested contact directly les travelling present electronic copy available request e copy incidentally lecturer finance financial mathematics university limerick ireland taken year work caminus uk working introducing developing markets based approach spark spread real asset valuations uk power industry thanks advancve bernard murphy
"Subject: http : / / www . shackleton . net  hello ,  i have visited www . shackleton . net and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net .  give your website maximum exposure today !  looking forward to hearing from you .  best regards ,  vanessa lintner  sales marketing  www . seekercenter . net  you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me : ",1,http www shackleton net hello visited www shackleton net noticed website listed search engines sure service number people visit website definitely increase seekercenter unique technology instantly submits website search engines directories really low cost effective way advertise site details please go seekercenter net give website maximum exposure today looking forward hearing best regards vanessa lintner sales marketing www seekercenter net receiving email opted receive special offers partner website feel received email error wish receive additional special offers please enter email address click button remove
"Subject: fw : re : user name & password to membership to 15 sites cpunks @ minder . net pknkn  # #  # adult club ? #  # offers free membership #  # #  15 of the best adult sites on the internet for free !  > > > instant access to all sites now  > > > your user name and password is .  > > > user name : cpunks @ minder . net  > > > password : do 949 w 4 z  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  news 07 / 01 / 02  with just over 2 . 2 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 429 , 947 new  members . are you one of them yet ? ? ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  our membership faq  q . why are you offering free access to 15 adult membership sites for free ?  a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership .  q . is it true my membership is for life ?  a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do .  q . can i give my account to my friends and family ?  a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 .  q . do i have to sign up for all 15 membership sites ?  a . no just one to get access to all of them .  q . how do i get started ?  a . click on one of the following links below to become a member .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  # 15 . > new ! > celebs tv  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / celebst / ? aid = 818932  # 14 . > new ! > naughty live cam  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / cams / ? aid = 818932  # 13 . > adults farm  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / farm / ? aid = 818932  # 12 . > fetish door  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / fetish / ? aid = 818932  # 11 . > teen sex dolls ( voted best adult site 2001 - 2002 ! )  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / teen / ? aid = 818932  # 10 . > sweet latinas  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / latina / ? aid = 818932  # 9 . > fetishes  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / wicked / ? aid = 818932  # 8 . > tits patrol  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / tits / ? aid = 818932  # 7 . > pinklicious  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / pink / ? aid = 818932  # 6 . > play house porn  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / play / ? aid = 818932  # 5 . > sinful cherries  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / sinful / ? aid = 818932  # 4 . > asian sex fantasies  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / asian / ? aid = 818932  # 3 . > hot stripper sluts  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / stripper / ? aid = 818932  # 2 . > lesbian lace  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / lesbian / ? aid = 818932  # 1 . > gay porn club  click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / stripper / ? aid = 818932  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  removal instructions :  you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet  offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or  have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / optout /  . please allow 24 hours for removal .  this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection  act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with valid ' removal ' instruction .  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing  real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in !  http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,fw user name password membership sites cpunks minder net pknkn adult club offers free membership best adult sites internet free instant access sites user name password user name cpunks minder net password w z news million members signed free last month new members one yet membership faq q offering free access adult membership sites free advertisers pay ad space pay membership q true membership life absolutely never pay cent advertisers q give account friends family yes long age q sign membership sites one get access q get started click one following links become member new celebs tv click http celebst aid new naughty live cam click http cams aid adults farm click http farm aid fetish door click http fetish aid teen sex dolls voted best adult site click http teen aid sweet latinas click http latina aid fetishes click http wicked aid tits patrol click http tits aid pinklicious click http pink aid play house porn click http play aid sinful cherries click http sinful aid asian sex fantasies click http asian aid hot stripper sluts click http stripper aid lesbian lace click http lesbian aid gay porn club click http stripper aid removal instructions received advertisement opted receive free adult internet offers specials affiliated websites wish receive emails received email error may opt database http optout please allow hours removal e mail sent compliance information exchange promotion privacy protection act section marked advertisement valid removal instruction sf net email sponsored jabber world fastest growing real time communications platform im build http www jabber com osdn xim spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: lowest mortgage loan rates vkp  commentary  it is time to refinance !  your credit does not matter , we can approve anyone .  now is the time to let some of the top mortgage companies  in the country compete for your business .  if you have good credit we will give you the most amazing  rates available anywhere !  if you have poor credit , don ' t worry ! we can still refinance  you with the most competitive rates in the industry !  let us put our expertise to work for you !  http : / / 64 . 21 . 33 . 238 / 74205 /  or site 2  http : / / 64 . 21 . 33 . 238 / 74206 /  erase  http : / / 64 . 21 . 33 . 238 / optout . htm",1,lowest mortgage loan rates vkp commentary time refinance credit matter approve anyone time let top mortgage companies country compete business good credit give amazing rates available anywhere poor credit worry still refinance competitive rates industry let us put expertise work http site http erase http optout htm
"Subject: quantitative position  vince  we happened upon this fellow through strickland . what are your thoughts on  the background ? we are still working to formulate our requirements in the  office but consider this person worth talking to .  paul  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paul quilkey / enron _ development on  07 / 26 / 2000 09 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" simon hurst "" on 07 / 25 / 2000 10 : 10 : 23 pm  please respond to "" simon hurst ""  to :  cc :  subject : quantitative position  dear paul ,  ?  my friend chris strickland has informed me that enron is looking for a  quantitative analyst . i am ? interested in talking to you about this position .  i have attached my resume for your perusal . i am currently on holidays and  can be ? contacted from ? monday 31 st july . my contact details are contained  within my attached resume . i look forward to talking to you .  ?  yours sincerely ,  simon hurst .  ?  ?  - srh resume . doc",0,quantitative position vince happened upon fellow strickland thoughts background still working formulate requirements office consider person worth talking paul forwarded paul quilkey enron development pm simon hurst pm please respond simon hurst cc subject quantitative position dear paul friend chris strickland informed enron looking quantitative analyst interested talking position attached resume perusal currently holidays contacted monday st july contact details contained within attached resume look forward talking sincerely simon hurst srh resume doc
"Subject: magic 15 , 000 level on nikkei  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by leann walton / na / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 10 : 47  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : darren delage @ enron on 10 / 16 / 2000 02 : 53 pm ze 9  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : magic 15 , 000 level on nikkei  maureen ,  hope all is well . thank you for your coverage last week . i certainly  appreciate the value - added that you provide in your research . i had a quick  question for you regarding any anticipated japan central bank intervention at  the 15 , 000 level in the nikkei .  if i am understanding the mechanism correctly , bis reserve requirements fall  below certain threshold and banks can no longer lend money and meet bis  lending criteria due to improper reserve base . and this roughly happens at  15 , 000 level ?  reason i ask is goldman sachs put out an article suggesting that  break - evenpoint for bank holding of stocks is roughly 12 , 000 - 12 , 500 a  different index level than the one you have mentioned .  i can appreciate the difference between reserve liquidity and actual  break - even on equity positions , but just wanted to clarify this point with  you , as we are trying to gain a complete understanding of how a trigger would  effect japanese capital markets . and so , as i currently understand it , there  are ( 2 ) trigger levels to watch :  15 , 000 where banks fail bis criteria and hence cannot extend new loans with  bis stamp of approval . clearly ctl bank would have incentive in restoring  this or else financial system would be thrown into turmoil .  12500 where banks begin to take an actual loss on equity holdings  is this right ?  thanks maureen , take care ,  darren",0,magic level nikkei forwarded leann walton na enron darren delage enron pm ze maureen raymond hou ect ect cc subject magic level nikkei maureen hope well thank coverage last week certainly appreciate value added provide research quick question regarding anticipated japan central bank intervention level nikkei understanding mechanism correctly bis reserve requirements fall certain threshold banks longer lend money meet bis lending criteria due improper reserve base roughly happens level reason ask goldman sachs put article suggesting break evenpoint bank holding stocks roughly different index level one mentioned appreciate difference reserve liquidity actual break even equity positions wanted clarify point trying gain complete understanding trigger would effect japanese capital markets currently understand trigger levels watch banks fail bis criteria hence extend new loans bis stamp approval clearly ctl bank would incentive restoring else financial system would thrown turmoil banks begin take actual loss equity holdings right thanks maureen take care darren
"Subject: all wraps around graand  hello concetta _ batistich ,  i just found a site called graand . com - a free and safe place on the internet to place classified ads . i thought i should invite you to check it out . regards , walker  2005 - 07 - 05 06 : 03 : 20  id 687 gh 55 wd 4 otswkuk",1,wraps around graand hello concetta batistich found site called graand com free safe place internet place classified ads thought invite check regards walker id gh wd otswkuk
"Subject: greetings from garp  greetings from garp ! we are having the next meeting january 30 th at enron .  time 6 : 30 pm until 8 : 30 pm  you are invited to bring a friend with you , however you will need to rsvp .  vince kaminski will lead a discussion regarding volatility in the energy  markets . refreshments provided .  in order to provide easy access to enron ' s facilities and due to security  concerns , garp and enron request that everyone rsvp . a guest list will be  given to security .  rsvp to rita hennessy . her email address is :  rita . hennessy @ enron . com  i would like to express my thanks , in advance , to mr . kaminski for leading  our group in this informative discussion . as many of you are aware , energy  markets present some unique challenges to risk managers , and volatility is  certainly one of them !  look forward to seeing you on tuesday night .  regards ,  frank hayden  regional director - garp",0,greetings garp greetings garp next meeting january th enron time pm pm invited bring friend however need rsvp vince kaminski lead discussion regarding volatility energy markets refreshments provided order provide easy access enron facilities due security concerns garp enron request everyone rsvp guest list given security rsvp rita hennessy email address rita hennessy enron com would like express thanks advance mr kaminski leading group informative discussion many aware energy markets present unique challenges risk managers volatility certainly one look forward seeing tuesday night regards frank hayden regional director garp
"Subject: congestion pricing & forecasting program  i would like to go to this conference / tutorial on congestion modeling and  management . is that ok , or would you prefer somebody else to go ?  thanks ,  vasant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001  05 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  infocast on 01 / 19 / 2001 03 : 58 : 13 pm  to : vasant . shanbhogue @ enron . com  cc :  subject : congestion pricing & forecasting program  as an infocast preferred customer , we would like to invite you to attend our  highly acclaimed program , congestion pricing & forecasting , scheduled for  february 21 - 23 , 2001 in washington dc at a very special discount ! attend  this program for only $ 895 . 00 and the pre - conference workshop , congestion  pricing tutorial : from lmp to flow - based for only $ 520 . 00 . this is a 25 %  savings off the standard tuition ! however , this special offer is only good  through friday , january 26 , 2001 and seats are rapidly filling ! attached you  will find a copy of this timely and informative infocast program , or you can  visit our website at www . infocastinc . com .  congestion pricing & forecasting has been designed to provide you with a  clear understanding of how to predict the impacts of congestion and what  mechanisms can be used to control these impacts . experts will discuss :  ? the most advanced techniques for forecasting transmission congestion ,  locational prices and ftr prices  ? the latest approaches to the "" seams "" issues  ? the pros and cons of implementing a flow - based congestion management system  don ' t miss this excellent opportunity . but remember , this offer is only good  until january 26 , 2001 so please phone me at ( 818 ) 888 - 4444 ext . 20 or email  me at mail @ infocastinc . com and mention this letter to be registered at this  exceptional price . you can also fax or mail me your completed registration  form along with this letter .  best regards ,  hiedy vitug  preferred customer representative  infocast  ( 818 ) 888 - 4444 ext . 20  fax ( 818 ) 888 - 4440  email : mail @ infocastinc . com  enclosure  if you do not wish to receive e - mail notification of infocast conferences ,  click on the text below and send  mailto : mail @ . com ? subject = delete from mailing list  - congest . pdf",0,congestion pricing forecasting program would like go conference tutorial congestion modeling management ok would prefer somebody else go thanks vasant forwarded vasant shanbhogue hou ect pm infocast pm vasant shanbhogue enron com cc subject congestion pricing forecasting program infocast preferred customer would like invite attend highly acclaimed program congestion pricing forecasting scheduled february washington dc special discount attend program pre conference workshop congestion pricing tutorial lmp flow based savings standard tuition however special offer good friday january seats rapidly filling attached find copy timely informative infocast program visit website www infocastinc com congestion pricing forecasting designed provide clear understanding predict impacts congestion mechanisms used control impacts experts discuss advanced techniques forecasting transmission congestion locational prices ftr prices latest approaches seams issues pros cons implementing flow based congestion management system miss excellent opportunity remember offer good january please phone ext email mail infocastinc com mention letter registered exceptional price also fax mail completed registration form along letter best regards hiedy vitug preferred customer representative infocast ext fax email mail infocastinc com enclosure wish receive e mail notification infocast conferences click text send mailto mail com subject delete mailing list congest pdf
"Subject: re : grades  thank you !  you have been wonderful to work with this semester .  stay in touch and we ' ll see you next year .  - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  at 10 : 33 pm 5 / 4 / 01 - 0400 , vkaminski @ aol . com wrote :  pam ,  the students resent the documents .  the group members :  rakhi israni  felix feng lu  winny so  orlandotaylor  sanjay wankhade  ning zhang  grade : a  separately , i think i have sent you already :  jeffrey planck  grade : a  please , confirm this message .  vince kaminski",0,grades thank wonderful work semester stay touch see next year pam pm vkaminski aol com wrote pam students resent documents group members rakhi israni felix feng lu winny orlandotaylor sanjay wankhade ning zhang grade separately think sent already jeffrey planck grade please confirm message vince kaminski
"Subject: enron global messaging announcement  over the last few months , we have been discussing our standard e - mail  platform with you , our customer . your feedback from the various  demonstrations , surveys and technology showcases validated that e - mail is a  vital part of your ability to communicate effectively . however , your  feedback also indicated that you need your e - mail client to have additional  functionality and increased integration with other applications you use .  therefore , to meet the demands of our fast - paced business , enron net works is  standardizing our e - mail platform by deploying microsoft outlook 2000 to all  the business units we currently support for messaging . ( project plans for  ebs , ees and azurix are still being finalized and will be communicated  separately . )  this conversion from lotus notes to outlook 2000 will improve your ability to  communicate and provide a more consistent look and feel across the standard  office applications you use on a daily basis . we are excited about this  opportunity to provide a more robust , full function solution for your  messaging needs . to provide you with additional details about the  conversion from lotus notes to outlook 2000 , we are including a list of  frequently asked questions about this project .  how does this project affect me ?  your current lotus notes e - mail system will be converted to microsoft outlook  2000 .  what is microsoft outlook 2000 ?  outlook 2000 is the messaging client you will use to read your e - mail , update  your calendar and personal address book , record to do lists , etc .  why are we switching to outlook 2000 ?  outlook 2000 integrates more effectively with our new operating system ,  windows 2000 , and the microsoft products that enron currently uses . with  outlook 2000 , we can provide you with a more robust mail platform including  the following new features :  instant messaging  ) ability to send person - to - person , immediate , pop - up  messages .  improved palm / ce synchronization  ) allows for simpler and quicker updates of  your hand held device from multiple places .  conferencing server  ) ability to conduct video conferences from your desktop .  web access  ) ability to retrieve your enron e - mail via a browser .  fax integration  ) ability to send / receive faxes from your e - mail inbox .  voice mail integration  ) ability to have your voice mail delivered to your  e - mail inbox for retrieval .  when will the outlook 2000 rollout start and when will i get it ?  the pilot will begin in late october with the production rollout beginning in  late november . we are finalizing our business unit rollout schedule .  additional information will be provided to all business units as it becomes  available . project updates will be posted on the project section of the it  central web site at http : / / itcentral . enron . com . additionally , you may send  questions to outlook . 2000 @ enron . com , and a member of the project team will be  happy to address these individually .",0,enron global messaging announcement last months discussing standard e mail platform customer feedback various demonstrations surveys technology showcases validated e mail vital part ability communicate effectively however feedback also indicated need e mail client additional functionality increased integration applications use therefore meet demands fast paced business enron net works standardizing e mail platform deploying microsoft outlook business units currently support messaging project plans ebs ees azurix still finalized communicated separately conversion lotus notes outlook improve ability communicate provide consistent look feel across standard office applications use daily basis excited opportunity provide robust full function solution messaging needs provide additional details conversion lotus notes outlook including list frequently asked questions project project affect current lotus notes e mail system converted microsoft outlook microsoft outlook outlook messaging client use read e mail update calendar personal address book record lists etc switching outlook outlook integrates effectively new operating system windows microsoft products enron currently uses outlook provide robust mail platform including following new features instant messaging ability send person person immediate pop messages improved palm ce synchronization allows simpler quicker updates hand held device multiple places conferencing server ability conduct video conferences desktop web access ability retrieve enron e mail via browser fax integration ability send receive faxes e mail inbox voice mail integration ability voice mail delivered e mail inbox retrieval outlook rollout start get pilot begin late october production rollout beginning late november finalizing business unit rollout schedule additional information provided business units becomes available project updates posted project section central web site http itcentral enron com additionally may send questions outlook enron com member project team happy address individually
"Subject: your riskmetrics site password  dear kaminski ,  thank you for registering .  your requested username is polonia and your password is riskdata .  you may use this login to :  - access picture of risk at http : / / www . riskmetrics . com / por / index . cgi  - use the longrun forecast engine at  - use the data directory at http : / / www . riskmetrics . com / data / view / index . cgi  - access the creditmetrics datasets at  - access the riskmetrics datasets at  - read our technical documents at  - read our monitors at http : / / www . riskmetrics . com / research / monitors / index . cgi  - read the corporatemetrics publications at  - read risk management : a practical guide at  please let us know if you have any questions or concerns ,  rmg web services  web @ riskmetrics . com",0,riskmetrics site password dear kaminski thank registering requested username polonia password riskdata may use login access picture risk http www riskmetrics com por index cgi use longrun forecast engine use data directory http www riskmetrics com data view index cgi access creditmetrics datasets access riskmetrics datasets read technical documents read monitors http www riskmetrics com research monitors index cgi read corporatemetrics publications read risk management practical guide please let us know questions concerns rmg web services web riskmetrics com
"Subject: get the software you need , now !  save money on buying software ! ! !  reading this book is like waiting for the first shoe to drop .  free speech carries with it some freedom to listen .",1,get software need save money buying software reading book like waiting first shoe drop free speech carries freedom listen
Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 qqqzj  order for : maureen raymond  1 x ( compaq armada m 700 $ 3522 ) enron it purchasing,0,confirmation order automatic confirmation order placed using central request number ecth qqqzj order maureen raymond x compaq armada enron purchasing
"Subject: re : new business  h , lyette ,  i am working systematically through un - answered messages .  yes , i shall be delighted to meet your friend .  vince  helyette geman on 04 / 05 / 2001 04 : 58 : 47 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : new business  dear vince ,  a friend of mine , head of research and new projects in a major bank ,  wanted to get in touch with the energy industry to possibly develop  working relationships . i said that enron was the right place to start  and "" you "" the right person to meet . in this order , he would come to  the power 2001 and i would introduce him to you .  is this o . k with you ?  best regards  helyette  h , lyette geman  professor of finance  university paris ix dauphine and essec",0,new business h lyette working systematically un answered messages yes shall delighted meet friend vince helyette geman vkamins enron com cc vkaminski aol com subject new business dear vince friend mine head research new projects major bank wanted get touch energy industry possibly develop working relationships said enron right place start right person meet order would come power would introduce k best regards helyette h lyette geman professor finance university paris ix dauphine essec
"Subject: pozdrowienia  piotr ,  dziekuje za wiadomosc . bede prawdopodobnie w londynie  w koncu wrzesnia . ciesze sie , ze wszystko idzie  pomyslnie .  odezwij sie , jesli bedziesz przyjezdzal do stanow .  rozmawialem ostatnio z twoim kolega , avi hauser .  wicek  wincenty kaminski  10 snowbird  the woodlands , tx 77381  phone : ( 281 ) 367 5377 ( h )  ( 713 ) 853 3848 ( o )  cell : ( 713 ) 898 9960  ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( office mobile phone )",0,pozdrowienia piotr dziekuje za wiadomosc bede prawdopodobnie w londynie w koncu wrzesnia ciesze sie ze wszystko idzie pomyslnie odezwij sie jesli bedziesz przyjezdzal stanow rozmawialem ostatnio z twoim kolega avi hauser wicek wincenty kaminski snowbird woodlands tx phone h cell office mobile phone
"Subject: mit financial engineering pro - seminar  vince ,  i have received a call from mit asking if enron would be interested in  sponsoring a financial engineering pro - seminar .  this means that enron would propose a problem that would have its solution  developed by students in the financial engineering track . these students  would present the findings in the end .  i think that enron has already sponsored a financial engineering pro - seminar .  i remember something about real options at the time i was at school .  please , let me know if enron has the interest , specifically the research .  talking here at the weather desk , mark tawney expressed interest . if you  agree , we ( the weather desk ) could co - sponsor this pro - seminar with the  research . the idea , then , would be to propose a problem connected to weather  trading .  please , give me your thoughts about this issue .  thanks ,  claudio",0,mit financial engineering pro seminar vince received call mit asking enron would interested sponsoring financial engineering pro seminar means enron would propose problem would solution developed students financial engineering track students would present findings end think enron already sponsored financial engineering pro seminar remember something real options time school please let know enron interest specifically research talking weather desk mark tawney expressed interest agree weather desk could co sponsor pro seminar research idea would propose problem connected weather trading please give thoughts issue thanks claudio
"Subject: re : erequest 3991  thanks !  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 10 / 2000 05 : 06 pm  to : jameika smikle / corp / enron @ enron  cc : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : erequest 3991  aproved in both cases .  vince kaminski  from : jameika smikle @ enron on 10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 19 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : erequest 3991  peter makkai is also requesting this access .  - - - - - forwarded by jameika smikle / corp / enron on 10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 19 pm - - - - -  jameika smikle  10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 16 pm  to : vince kaminski  cc :  subject : erequest 3991  stpehen bennett is requesting read / write access to o : \ research  please advise .  jameika  irm",0,erequest thanks vince j kaminski ect pm jameika smikle corp enron enron cc mike roberts hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject erequest aproved cases vince kaminski jameika smikle enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject erequest peter makkai also requesting access forwarded jameika smikle corp enron pm jameika smikle pm vince kaminski cc subject erequest stpehen bennett requesting read write access research please advise jameika irm
"Subject: reply to your email / ignore my voicemail  vince :  thanks for that . i just wanted to get a sense from you who the right people  are and how i can establish effective contact . when he went on to different  responsibilities , john goodpasture suggested i get the dialog going with the  right commercial people in enron . i will be in your neighborhood in the 200  pm time range and will give you a quick call . that will conserve your  valuable time and hopefully get me in touch with the right people . i am  reading this after your voicemail , so this supersedes that .  dale  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 6 : 03 am  to : dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ?  dale ,  i can reserve 2 to 2 : 30 time slot but there is really not much that  i can tell you at this point .  the commercial groups are still interested and are moving  towards the test of the package . as soon as they will decide  to move ahead , we ( research ) shall be involved , helping to evaluate the  product . as i have said , we are not the  decision makers in this case .  i think that we should allow simply the process to run its course .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 59 : 30  pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince :  i will call tomorrow in the morning . lunch or right after lunch would be  great . how would 100 pm work for you ?  dale  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 3 : 07 pm  to : dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com  cc : kimberly . watson @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ?  dale ,  please , call me on tuesday . my morning schedule is full but i am open in  the afternoon .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 : 21  am  please respond to  to : "" vincent kaminski "" , "" kimberly s . watson ""  cc :  subject : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince / kim :  i am flying to houston tonight and wondered if it would fit one or both of  your schedules to get together this coming tuesday sometime for 1 / 2 hour or  so . i really want to reinitiate the conversations marketpoint was having  with john goodpasture and you , and he said either or both of you were the  right people to continue after his responsibility shift . john was quite  positive about the idea of enron acquiring marketpoint narg through  license ,  and he implied that one or both of you would be carrying the ball in that  direction after he handed it to you .  would this coming tuesday morning at 930 am be a good time for you guys ?  if  so , please give me an email shout at the above address or leave a message  on  my voicemail at ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 . i think you will be truly impressed with  the  scope and progress we have been able to make with both the short run narg  and the long run narg in which you were interested ( not to mention our  power  model ) . the progress is noticeable since you saw it . both long and short  term narg are having quite an impact on a number of gas decisions at the  moment ranging from venezuelan lng , north american lng import terminals and  term , gas basis calculations , trading support , power plant development ,  gas - to - power price spreads in key markets , veracity of heat rate trades ,  bank financings , storage field evaluation , and which new pipelines we can  expect to see enter and which are dogs .  i really hope we can fit it in and get our discussions moving in a mutually  productive direction again . i think narg can help you become even more  successful , and i look forward to working with you .  we have a new office address and new phone number as well . ( we move in may  1 . )  altos management partners  95 main street , suite 10  los altos , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 948 - 8830 voice  ( 650 ) 948 - 8850 fax  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 cellular  give the phones a week or so to get "" debugged "" and then switch over .  dale",0,reply email ignore voicemail vince thanks wanted get sense right people establish effective contact went different responsibilities john goodpasture suggested get dialog going right commercial people enron neighborhood pm time range give quick call conserve valuable time hopefully get touch right people reading voicemail supersedes dale original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent tuesday may dale nesbitt marketpointinc com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject get together coming tuesday dale reserve time slot really much tell point commercial groups still interested moving towards test package soon decide move ahead research shall involved helping evaluate product said decision makers case think allow simply process run course vince dale nesbitt pm please respond cc subject get together coming tuesday vince call tomorrow morning lunch right lunch would great would pm work dale original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday april pm dale nesbitt marketpointinc com cc kimberly watson enron com vince j kaminski enron com subject get together coming tuesday dale please call tuesday morning schedule full open afternoon vince dale nesbitt please respond vincent kaminski kimberly watson cc subject get together coming tuesday vince kim flying houston tonight wondered would fit one schedules get together coming tuesday sometime hour really want reinitiate conversations marketpoint john goodpasture said either right people continue responsibility shift john quite positive idea enron acquiring marketpoint narg license implied one would carrying ball direction handed would coming tuesday morning good time guys please give email shout address leave message voicemail think truly impressed scope progress able make short run narg long run narg interested mention power model progress noticeable since saw long short term narg quite impact number gas decisions moment ranging venezuelan lng north american lng import terminals term gas basis calculations trading support power plant development gas power price spreads key markets veracity heat rate trades bank financings storage field evaluation new pipelines expect see enter dogs really hope fit get discussions moving mutually productive direction think narg help become even successful look forward working new office address new phone number well move may altos management partners main street suite los altos ca voice fax cellular give phones week get debugged switch dale
"Subject: re : phone interview  there will be a telephone interview with jerzy jarosz ( resume attached  below ) on wednesday , july 5 at 4 : 30 pm houston time .  he would like you to call him at his home - telephone # : 416 / 237 - 0977  i have reserved ebl 938 for this interview .  if you have any questions , please call me .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  vince j kaminski  06 / 27 / 2000 10 : 11 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : phone interview  shirley ,  please , set up a phone interview with this person .  stinson , krishna , zimin .  vince",0,phone interview telephone interview jerzy jarosz resume attached wednesday july pm houston time would like call home telephone reserved ebl interview questions please call thanks shirley crenshaw vince j kaminski shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject phone interview shirley please set phone interview person stinson krishna zimin vince
"Subject: re : wharton business plan competition  christie ,  look fwd to the trip .  shirley is sending you my itinerary .  when are you flying back ? what about a dinner on  tuesday ?  vince  from : christie patrick on 02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 10 am  to : stamer @ wharton . upenn . edu , piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect  subject : wharton business plan competition  hi anne !  i ' ll be at wharton on tuesday the 20 th - - perhaps we can get together to  discuss this sometime later in the afternoon . what does your schedule look  like ?  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001 10 : 08 am - - - - -  "" stamer , anne ""  01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 47 pm  to : "" ' christie _ patrick @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : wharton business plan competition  dear christie :  thank you for your voice mail . things are moving along nicely with the  competition . phase ii deadline was today , so we hope to have some  statistics in the next few weeks . i have attached the statistics from phase  i , for your files . listed below are ways that enron could be involved , let  me know in which ( or all ) of these enron would be interested in participating .  * we want to start listing our sponsors , so it would be really good if we  could get your logo .  * also , does enron wish to be a judge in phase iii and the venture fair  ( vf ) ? for phase iii , we would mail each judge about 3 full blown business  plans to be ranked . we anticipate this taking no more than 1 afternoon  * for the vf , we would need a judge to be present for the entire day . the  vf is by invitation only and we anticipate about 350 students , venture  capitalists , business entrepreneurs and faculty . the vf will be held in  philadelphia on april 30 th .  * at the vf we will provide an opportunity for our sponsors with a 6 foot  table for exhibits or materials to hand out . we will need to know if you  wish to use the exhibit space .  * we plan on providing our 25 semi - finalist teams with one - on - one  mentoring . if enron is interested , that would be about 1 / 2 or 1 day  commitment .  * there might be an opportunity for a workshop to the university community .  would enron be interested in participating in something like this ?  i look forward to working with you to make this year ' s bpc a success . thank  you .  sincerely ,  anne stamer  >  anne stamer  wharton business plan competition  wharton entrepreneurial programs  the wharton school  419 vance hall , 3733 spruce street  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6374  215 - 746 - 6460 ( direct )  215 - 898 - 4856 ( office )  215 - 898 - 1299 ( fax )  stamer @ wharton . upenn . edu  - phase ioverview . doc",0,wharton business plan competition christie look fwd trip shirley sending itinerary flying back dinner tuesday vince christie patrick stamer wharton upenn edu piazzet wharton upenn edu cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect jeffrey shankman hou ect ect subject wharton business plan competition hi anne wharton tuesday th perhaps get together discuss sometime later afternoon schedule look like thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect stamer anne pm christie patrick enron com cc subject wharton business plan competition dear christie thank voice mail things moving along nicely competition phase ii deadline today hope statistics next weeks attached statistics phase files listed ways enron could involved let know enron would interested participating want start listing sponsors would really good could get logo also enron wish judge phase iii venture fair vf phase iii would mail judge full blown business plans ranked anticipate taking afternoon vf would need judge present entire day vf invitation anticipate students venture capitalists business entrepreneurs faculty vf held philadelphia april th vf provide opportunity sponsors foot table exhibits materials hand need know wish use exhibit space plan providing semi finalist teams one one mentoring enron interested would day commitment might opportunity workshop university community would enron interested participating something like look forward working make year bpc success thank sincerely anne stamer anne stamer wharton business plan competition wharton entrepreneurial programs wharton school vance hall spruce street philadelphia pa direct office fax stamer wharton upenn edu phase ioverview doc
"Subject: stinson out on jan . 4 , 2000  shirley :  i am planning to take a vacation day on jan . 4 .  thanks ,  - - stinson",0,stinson jan shirley planning take vacation day jan thanks stinson
"Subject: re : dr . michelle foss - energy institute  aisha ,  the person to contact is christie patrick who is in charge our university  relations  office . her e - mail address is : christie _ patrick @ enron . com .  i shall forward your message to ms . patrick .  vince  aisha jamal on 04 / 23 / 2001 03 : 15 : 29 pm  please respond to aisha @ uh . edu  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc : mmfoss @ uh . edu  subject : dr . michelle foss - energy institute  dear mr . kaminski ,  i am writing to ask a favor for dr . michelle foss . as you know we will  be running our "" new era "" program from may 14 - may 25 th . dr . foss was  wondering if on may 22 nd ( between 1 : 30 pm and 4 : 00 pm ) , we would be able to  bring  our participants for a tour of your trading floor . at this time we will have  30 - 40 people , and since only 10 people maximum should really be on a  trading floor we need to have 4 companies among which to divide our  participants . at this time , we have a floor from coral energy , and are  working with duke ,  and i will be contacting mr . paul roberts to arrange for the reliant energy  trading floor . i was hoping very much that you would be able to direct  me to the right person to contact to arrange this tour . will this be a  possiblity ? i really appreciate your help very much . thank you !  best regards ,  aisha jamal  energy institute  713 - 743 - 4634",0,dr michelle foss energy institute aisha person contact christie patrick charge university relations office e mail address christie patrick enron com shall forward message ms patrick vince aisha jamal pm please respond aisha uh edu vkamins ect enron com cc mmfoss uh edu subject dr michelle foss energy institute dear mr kaminski writing ask favor dr michelle foss know running new era program may may th dr foss wondering may nd pm pm would able bring participants tour trading floor time people since people maximum really trading floor need companies among divide participants time floor coral energy working duke contacting mr paul roberts arrange reliant energy trading floor hoping much would able direct right person contact arrange tour possiblity really appreciate help much thank best regards aisha jamal energy institute
"Subject: re : legal operating systems summer - sale  oem software newsletter  we offer cheap oem versions of your most popu % iar software .  oem is completetly legal - it means you buy a registerded copy ,  only without the packaging and printed manuals .  please look at the following specials we have :  1 . grafics software for only 80 $  2 . office software for only 100 $  3 . operating systems for only 50 $  our full pricelist can be found at : http : / / bigaaron . info / ? 79 d 4 wf 45 dda 2 ddd 3 abf 6 bebf 227 f 4 cl 4  adobe photoshop cs information  features :  - improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web  - support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels  - create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools  - customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts  - unparalleled efficiency - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts  description :  get superior results faster with industry - standard adobe photoshop cs software and its integrated web  production application , adobe imageready cs software . graphic and web designers , photographers , and  video professionals can take advantage of indispensable features that include improved file management  , new design possibilities , a more intuitive way to create for the web , and support for 16 - bit images ,  digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels . now you can create the highest quality images more  efficiently than ever before .  our site has more info : http : / / bigaaron . info / ? 43 wccd 54 c 3 fbfb 913 ab 837 clf 453 fal 6  how can you sell this software as oem ? it seems too good to be true - is there a catch ?  there is no catch - the software versions that we sell are oem ( original equipment manufacturer )  which means you will receive the installation cds only ( they do not come in their original retail  packing and do not include the manual ) . we do guarantee that all programs are the 100 % full working  retail versions - no demos or academic versions ! when you order , you will receive all materials  required for a complete installation - or your money back ! why pay hundreds of dollars more when you  can get exactly the same but oem - cd ? you don ' t have to pay that much for the fancy box and manuals .  why is your software so inexpensive compared to the other retailers ?  we minimize our overhead by stocking mostly top selling software only and try to get the  best deals for them . we also sell what are called oem versions , the same software as the  box version without the box and the manual . by foregoing the fancy box and typically slim  manuals you end up saving a considerable amount .  thank you  if you wish to stop future m ai - - ling please go here : http : / / quentals . info / fgh . php",1,legal operating systems summer sale oem software newsletter offer cheap oem versions popu iar software oem completetly legal means buy registerded copy without packaging printed manuals please look following specials grafics software office software operating systems full pricelist found http bigaaron info wf dda ddd abf bebf f cl adobe photoshop cs information features improved file management new design possibilities intuitive way create web support bit images digital camera raw data non square pixels create modify photos using painting drawing retouching tools customized workspace save personalized workspace tool settings create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency automate production tasks built customized scripts description get superior results faster industry standard adobe photoshop cs software integrated web production application adobe imageready cs software graphic web designers photographers video professionals take advantage indispensable features include improved file management new design possibilities intuitive way create web support bit images digital camera raw data non square pixels create highest quality images efficiently ever site info http bigaaron info wccd c fbfb ab clf fal sell software oem seems good true catch catch software versions sell oem original equipment manufacturer means receive installation cds come original retail packing include manual guarantee programs full working retail versions demos academic versions order receive materials required complete installation money back pay hundreds dollars get exactly oem cd pay much fancy box manuals software inexpensive compared retailers minimize overhead stocking mostly top selling software try get best deals also sell called oem versions software box version without box manual foregoing fancy box typically slim manuals end saving considerable amount thank wish stop future ai ling please go http quentals info fgh php
"Subject: faculty information sheet  mr . kaminski ;  i will fax the faculty information sheet to you so that you may check for  accuracy . also , i will fax your formal offer letter to you this afternoon .  please allow by dec . 15 for your paperwork to be processed . after that  date , you should contact bill ciminelli , director of administration , ( 713 )  348 - 5377 . bill can assist you with assigning your mailbox and office  space , membership for faculty club card ( campus cafeteria for faculty and  staff only ! ) , rice i . d . card , and parking decal . also , suzana vazquez ,  bill ' s assistant , ( 713 ) 348 - 3736 , can assist you with any materials that  you want to be copied and / or distributed to your students .  if you need to order any required or suggested book ( s ) for your course ,  please contact the campus bookstore at ( 713 ) 348 - 4052 . the bookstore does  not order examination copies for faculty . you must contact the publisher  if you are wanting an examination or desk copy of a book .  if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at my office  ( 713 ) 348 - 3733 or email .  jacquelyn j . gambrell  executive assistant to the associate dean for faculty affairs  jones graduate school of management / ms 531  rice university  p . o . box 1892  houston , texas 77251 - 1892  office ph . ( 713 ) 348 - 3733  email : gambrell @ rice . edu ",0,faculty information sheet mr kaminski fax faculty information sheet may check accuracy also fax formal offer letter afternoon please allow dec paperwork processed date contact bill ciminelli director administration bill assist assigning mailbox office space membership faculty club card campus cafeteria faculty staff rice card parking decal also suzana vazquez bill assistant assist materials want copied distributed students need order required suggested book course please contact campus bookstore bookstore order examination copies faculty must contact publisher wanting examination desk copy book questions please feel free contact office email jacquelyn j gambrell executive assistant associate dean faculty affairs jones graduate school management ms rice university p box houston texas office ph email gambrell rice edu
"Subject: riskbrief - january issue  riskbrief - http : / / www . financewise . com / risk  dear risk brief subscriber ,  it  , s been a while since you last received your monthly ' risk brief ' update  from financewise . but not without good reason - we ' ve changed a lot .  we have launched an exciting online news product called ' risknews ' . this  free website provides dedicated global coverage of all the top stories ,  informed analysis and best practice in the world of financial risk  management , derivatives , technology and exchanges , people moves and key  industry events . breaking news is added to the website throughout the day ,  every day .  another key benefit of risknews is a free weekly e - mail update covering  the need - to - know headlines and links back to the relevant news items . so ,  if you can ' t find the time to visit http : / / www . risknews . net regularly ,  don ' t worry , you can keep yourself informed with the weekly ' risknews  update ' .  so , what does this mean for you ?  from now on , as well as receiving your monthly ' risk brief ' e - mail  summarising risk management news a month after it happens , you can now  receive the weekly ' risknews update ' . the e - mail update is sent every  friday and the service is free . starting from friday 26 january you will  receive your first ' risknews update ' with coverage from stories occurring  just this week .  and finally  (  to celebrate this important milestone in our internet services  development , we would like to offer you a free copy of the february issue  of ' operational risk ' , worth $ 70 . this special issue serves as a guide to  the regulators  , proposals on operational risk capital charges as contained  in the basle committee ' s second consultative paper released in january  2001 . coverage contains market reactions , impacts and implications , as  well as :  ? contributing articles from the regulators  ? views and reactions from banking analysts  ? views of the banking industry bodies  ? implications for the risk technology sector with interviews  order your free copy ( worth $ 70 ) now and check out http : / / www . risknews . net  for the first time !  your comments please e - mail us on  mailto : web @ riskwaters . com ,  best regards ,  the risknews team ( formerly risk brief )  if you think any of your business associates or colleagues would find  risknews useful , please forward a copy of this e - mail to them for us .  thanks !  all of risk waters group online services can be accessed through  http : / / www . riskwaters . com  risk waters group  ) providing products with accurate analysis and  technical commentary on the latest developments in the world of finance ,  financial technology , credit , emerging markets , market data , bandwidth  trading & telecoms , risk management and derivative products .  to unsubscribe to this list , send a blank message to  mailto : financewise - unsubscribe @ listbot . com or visit  http : / / www . financewise . com / public / edit / riskm / briefix . htm and unsubscribe  from there .  to unsubscribe , write to financewise - unsubscribe @ listbot . com",0,riskbrief january issue riskbrief http www financewise com risk dear risk brief subscriber since last received monthly risk brief update financewise without good reason changed lot launched exciting online news product called risknews free website provides dedicated global coverage top stories informed analysis best practice world financial risk management derivatives technology exchanges people moves key industry events breaking news added website throughout day every day another key benefit risknews free weekly e mail update covering need know headlines links back relevant news items find time visit http www risknews net regularly worry keep informed weekly risknews update mean well receiving monthly risk brief e mail summarising risk management news month happens receive weekly risknews update e mail update sent every friday service free starting friday january receive first risknews update coverage stories occurring week finally celebrate important milestone internet services development would like offer free copy february issue operational risk worth special issue serves guide regulators proposals operational risk capital charges contained basle committee second consultative paper released january coverage contains market reactions impacts implications well contributing articles regulators views reactions banking analysts views banking industry bodies implications risk technology sector interviews order free copy worth check http www risknews net first time comments please e mail us mailto web riskwaters com best regards risknews team formerly risk brief think business associates colleagues would find risknews useful please forward copy e mail us thanks risk waters group online services accessed http www riskwaters com risk waters group providing products accurate analysis technical commentary latest developments world finance financial technology credit emerging markets market data bandwidth trading telecoms risk management derivative products unsubscribe list send blank message mailto financewise unsubscribe listbot com visit http www financewise com public edit riskm briefix htm unsubscribe unsubscribe write financewise unsubscribe listbot com
"Subject: re : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de , friday ,  august 11 , 2000  i apologize for not putting the date of this interview . for everyone but  tanya and paulo , the interview time is already entered on your calendars for  august 11 , 2000 . again , sorry for the oversite .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 08 / 01 / 2000 09 : 16  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner @ ect  08 / 01 / 2000 09 : 12 am  to : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de  on which day are the interviews ?  anita dupont @ enron  07 / 31 / 2000 03 : 49 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant  masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect ,  paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de  the following interview schedule has been set up for rabi s . de by sean  grady , hr staffing :  9 : 00 - 9 : 30 am vince kaminiski  9 : 30 - 10 : 00 am stinson gibner  10 : 00 - 10 : 30 am grant masson  10 : 30 - 11 : 00 am krishna krishnarao  11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am tanya tamarchenko  11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch with tanya tamarchenko and zimin lu  1 : 00 - 1 : 30 pm zimin lu  1 : 30 - 2 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue  2 : 00 - 2 : 30 pm paulo issler  please call me if you have any questions or if a conflict develops and you  need to change your interview time . thanks . anita",0,interview research dept candidate rabi de friday august apologize putting date interview everyone tanya paulo interview time already entered calendars august sorry oversite forwarded anita dupont na enron stinson gibner ect anita dupont na enron enron cc subject interview research dept candidate rabi de day interviews anita dupont enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect grant masson hou ect ect pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect paulo issler hou ect ect cc subject interview research dept candidate rabi de following interview schedule set rabi de sean grady hr staffing vince kaminiski stinson gibner grant masson krishna krishnarao tanya tamarchenko pm lunch tanya tamarchenko zimin lu pm zimin lu pm vasant shanbhogue pm paulo issler please call questions conflict develops need change interview time thanks anita
"Subject: accounting organizational changes  in order to support enron  , s development of new business and desire to  maximize its return on invested capital ; the following organizational changes  are taking place .  the current accounting groups supporting calme , apachi and south america  activities will be consolidated into one accounting group at enron corp .  this group will continue to provide accounting support to these international  regions and related enron corp initiatives . jeff sommers , currently calme  vice president and cao will head this accounting group . cassandra schultz ,  currently apachi vice president and cao will join rick buy  , s risk assessment  and control organization as a vice president in market risk management . kent  castleman , currently south america vice president and cao will become vice  president and cao of enron industrial markets .  please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments .",0,accounting organizational changes order support enron development new business desire maximize return invested capital following organizational changes taking place current accounting groups supporting calme apachi south america activities consolidated one accounting group enron corp group continue provide accounting support international regions related enron corp initiatives jeff sommers currently calme vice president cao head accounting group cassandra schultz currently apachi vice president cao join rick buy risk assessment control organization vice president market risk management kent castleman currently south america vice president cao become vice president cao enron industrial markets please join us congratulating everyone new assignments
"Subject: marketpoint license agreement  john / vince :  i really enjoyed the meeting the other day with you and a broad cross  section of your people . thank you very much for setting it up , and thank  you for giving me the opportunity to speak with your people .  as i mentioned to john , i am sending you the license paperwork for  marketpoint . i have attached our standard license agreement for your  consideration . as i mentioned , the license agreement covers the entire  bundled product , which includes  ? north american gas , short and long term  ? north american electricity , short and long term  ? world gas  ? western european gas  ? world oil  we are just finishing porting the world oil , world gas , and western european  gas models over from our old ( now obsolete ) software system into  marketpoint , so they will not be fully tested and complete for a couple of  months . however , the gas and electricity models for north america are  presently complete and tested . that should allow us to give you an  attractive price before the full worldwide toolkit is available throughout  your worldwide business .  as i understood it , you will want the gas modeling capability first and will  want to defer decisions on electric or other capability . as i mentioned at  the meeting , we are prepared to offer that for approximately  the fully  bundled price . as you read the license agreement , you will see that the  software licenses for $ 100 , 000 annually , the gas data for $ 5 , 000 , and the  electric data for $ 10 , 000 . marketpoint will agree to license you the gas  model plus the data for  the software license plus the data license for a  total of $ 55 , 000 annually . this is just under  the fully bundled price . i  think that is consistent with the discussions at our meeting , and from  marketpoint  , s perspective would provide a great basis to move forward  together with enron . if or when enron ever desires to  & scale up  8 to another  model or model ( s ) from the marketpoint portfolio , we will simply scale you  up to the entire license agreement . this will allow you to decouple the gas  decision from any other decisions you might make . ( i will be glad to put  this additional pricing provision into the agreement if you decide to move  forward . )  i felt i was able to communicate the philosophy , scope , and operation of our  approach during the meeting and to deliver you much of the information you  might need to evaluate whether marketpoint meets your needs . i thought you  were able to see the depth and sophistication of the product yet at the same  time its simplicity and effectiveness . i thought you were able to see the  benefits of the marketpoint dimension of economic equilibrium as a  complement and supplement to other approaches you will assuredly use . i  would be interested in your impressions and those of your colleagues . i  look forward to your response and to moving ahead together . we view you as  a very important prospective customer and client and will work with you to  earn and secure your business .  if you decide to license marketpoint , we can arrange to transfer and mount  marketpoint and the short term narg model ( which is the model we suggest you  begin with ) and travel to houston to deliver our 1  day training seminar .  our clients are usually very fluent after that 1  day training seminar .  thereafter , we would want you to work with the short term narg model for a  few weeks while you get up to speed , very fluent , and very comfortable  before you take delivery of the longer term version of narg several weeks  later .  thanks again , and all the best . if there is some item from the meeting that  i might have forgotten to send , please remind me . my notes don ' t show  anything , but i was speaking a lot rather than writing notes during the  meeting and might have overlooked something someone wanted .  dale nesbitt  president  marketpoint inc .  27121 adonna ct .  los altos hills , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069  dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com  - license . doc",0,marketpoint license agreement john vince really enjoyed meeting day broad cross section people thank much setting thank giving opportunity speak people mentioned john sending license paperwork marketpoint attached standard license agreement consideration mentioned license agreement covers entire bundled product includes north american gas short long term north american electricity short long term world gas western european gas world oil finishing porting world oil world gas western european gas models old obsolete software system marketpoint fully tested complete couple months however gas electricity models north america presently complete tested allow us give attractive price full worldwide toolkit available throughout worldwide business understood want gas modeling capability first want defer decisions electric capability mentioned meeting prepared offer approximately fully bundled price read license agreement see software licenses annually gas data electric data marketpoint agree license gas model plus data software license plus data license total annually fully bundled price think consistent discussions meeting marketpoint perspective would provide great basis move forward together enron enron ever desires scale another model model marketpoint portfolio simply scale entire license agreement allow decouple gas decision decisions might make glad put additional pricing provision agreement decide move forward felt able communicate philosophy scope operation approach meeting deliver much information might need evaluate whether marketpoint meets needs thought able see depth sophistication product yet time simplicity effectiveness thought able see benefits marketpoint dimension economic equilibrium complement supplement approaches assuredly use would interested impressions colleagues look forward response moving ahead together view important prospective customer client work earn secure business decide license marketpoint arrange transfer mount marketpoint short term narg model model suggest begin travel houston deliver day training seminar clients usually fluent day training seminar thereafter would want work short term narg model weeks get speed fluent comfortable take delivery longer term version narg several weeks later thanks best item meeting might forgotten send please remind notes show anything speaking lot rather writing notes meeting might overlooked something someone wanted dale nesbitt president marketpoint inc adonna ct los altos hills ca dale nesbitt marketpointinc com license doc
"Subject: eol data mining  vince ,  here are four graphs i came up with yesterday afternoon that may be of  interest :  the first one shows what percentage of our trades are done with different  counterparties -  ( note the large part that aquila plays ! )  the other three graphs look at how trading volume varies during the week  between the hours of 8 : 00 am and 4 : 00 pm for different categories of product .  natural gas and power have their own graphs , as they have the largest traded  volumes . "" products "" is for the remaining categories .  there are still some things i would like to take a look at . the databeacon  software is now available , and can be reached at the following url :  do you have any specific questions that you would like me to try answering  regarding eol ?  i have also started doing some research on automated trading platforms . are  there any websites and / or papers you would recommend i read ?  thanks ,  tom",0,eol data mining vince four graphs came yesterday afternoon may interest first one shows percentage trades done different counterparties note large part aquila plays three graphs look trading volume varies week hours pm different categories product natural gas power graphs largest traded volumes products remaining categories still things would like take look databeacon software available reached following url specific questions would like try answering regarding eol also started research automated trading platforms websites papers would recommend read thanks tom
"Subject: resending paper  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 08 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" lynn nazareth "" on 04 / 27 / 2001 12 : 46 : 37 pm  to : jason . sokolov @ enron . com  cc :  subject : resending paper  jason :  here is our team ' s assignment . please confirm receipt . i am also sending you  the file via my outlook address in case this doesn ' t work .  this is our team :  helen demianenko  javier lamas  lynn nazareth  shauywn smith  carlos wheelock  sarah wooddy  thanks , jason ! see you at enron this fall !  lynn  get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com  - mg _ analysis _ final . doc",0,resending paper forwarded jason sokolov hou ect lynn nazareth pm jason sokolov enron com cc subject resending paper jason team assignment please confirm receipt also sending file via outlook address case work team helen demianenko javier lamas lynn nazareth shauywn smith carlos wheelock sarah wooddy thanks jason see enron fall lynn get free download msn explorer http explorer msn com mg analysis final doc
"Subject: component var  tanya ,  some stability tests were performed on the simulation .  ( 1 ) the window size of the averaging in the simulation was changed from 10 to  20 for ng - price ( the biggest book in gas ) for effective date june - 28 . as you  can see in the file 28 ng - price _ windowsize , the component var numbers are very  similar .  ( 2 ) to look at a calculational comparison , i looked at the storage - prc book  ( which has no gamma position ) for effective date of 27 th and ( a ) calculated  ffvols , and ( b ) calculated the riskmetrics var ( the correlations are very high  across the term structure ) and compared to the component var code  calculation , and again the two nubers are comparable , given the different  modes of calculation .  naveen",0,component var tanya stability tests performed simulation window size averaging simulation changed ng price biggest book gas effective date june see file ng price windowsize component var numbers similar look calculational comparison looked storage prc book gamma position effective date th calculated ffvols b calculated riskmetrics var correlations high across term structure compared component var code calculation two nubers comparable given different modes calculation naveen
"Subject: re : message from ken rice  vince :  thanks for returning this call . i guess it helps if i provide the contact  information !  tom limperis  517 - 423 - 5617  thanks !  dorothy dalton  office of the chairman  enron broadband services  1400 smith street , eb 4505  houston , tx 77002  713 - 853 - 6724 - direct  713 - 853 - 9469 - fax  vince j kaminski @ ect  05 / 02 / 01 09 : 42 am  to : dorothy dalton / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : message from ken rice  dorothy ,  no problem . please , cc - mail me  tom ' s number . one of the members of the group has a phd in  computer science and he will join me for the call .  vince  from : dorothy dalton @ enron communications on 05 / 01 / 2001 08 : 53 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : message from ken rice  vince :  ken rice received a call through a friend ' s referral from dr . tom limperis ( a  professor at the university of michigan ) . dr . limperis has developed a  statistical database management system he would like to show enron . ken  would like you to return this call on his behalf . he feels that you are  probably the only person who will understand and be able to determine if  enron should have an interest .  do you mind returning this call ? please let me know .  thanks !  dorothy dalton  office of the chairman  enron broadband services  1400 smith street , eb 4505  houston , tx 77002  713 - 853 - 6724 - direct  713 - 853 - 9469 - fax",0,message ken rice vince thanks returning call guess helps provide contact information tom limperis thanks dorothy dalton office chairman enron broadband services smith street eb houston tx direct fax vince j kaminski ect dorothy dalton enron communications enron communications enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate subject message ken rice dorothy problem please cc mail tom number one members group phd computer science join call vince dorothy dalton enron communications vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject message ken rice vince ken rice received call friend referral dr tom limperis professor university michigan dr limperis developed statistical database management system would like show enron ken would like return call behalf feels probably person understand able determine enron interest mind returning call please let know thanks dorothy dalton office chairman enron broadband services smith street eb houston tx direct fax
"Subject: re : a friend of mine  vince ,  thank you very much for the follow up report . i am sure richard will be very  enthusiastic about the opportunity to speak with you and your team . i  appreciate your help , and please feel free to contact me if you or shirley  need assistance with logistics .  again , thank you and i look forward to working with you again this recruiting  season .  regards ,  kristin  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 8 : 27 am  to : gandy , kristin  subject : re : a friend of mine  kristin ,  thanks a lot for the resume .  we shall arrange a phone interview with richard . this is out standard  procedure .  a phone interview is followed by the on - site interview , after we determine  what is the best team to interview  the candidate .  vince  from : kristin gandy / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 14 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : a friend of mine  vince ,  last week i was contacted by one of my friends who is very interested in  becoming an enron employee . he has a phd and several years research and lab  experience .  richard is afraid that being a phd is a dying breed and may need to go back  to school to obtain an mba . i was wondering if you would mind looking at the  attached resume to assess if you have any interest in richard , or if you feel  i should encourage him to go back to school . i am unclear as to the  qualifications for your group so i apologize if this request is way off base .  thank you for your help ,  kristin gandy  associate recruiter  enron corporation  1400 smith street eb 1163  houston , texas 77002  713 - 345 - 3214  kristin . gandy @ enron . com  >",0,friend mine vince thank much follow report sure richard enthusiastic opportunity speak team appreciate help please feel free contact shirley need assistance logistics thank look forward working recruiting season regards kristin original message kaminski vince sent wednesday may gandy kristin subject friend mine kristin thanks lot resume shall arrange phone interview richard standard procedure phone interview followed site interview determine best team interview candidate vince kristin gandy enron enronxgate pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject friend mine vince last week contacted one friends interested becoming enron employee phd several years research lab experience richard afraid phd dying breed may need go back school obtain mba wondering would mind looking attached resume assess interest richard feel encourage go back school unclear qualifications group apologize request way base thank help kristin gandy associate recruiter enron corporation smith street eb houston texas kristin gandy enron com
"Subject: fyi  due to the out of town deliveries , our cost for christmas  baskets will be over somewhat from the total estimated .  thanks  kevin moore",0,fyi due town deliveries cost christmas baskets somewhat total estimated thanks kevin moore
"Subject: internship opportunities  please respond to dear mr . kaminski ,  i have found the enrononline project a very interesting one and have enjoyed  working with everyone in the research department as well as those from other  departments . i am keenly interested in this area and was wondering if there  would be any summer internship opportunities . i have attached my resume to  this mail for your review and look forward to hearing from you soon .  thank you  ivy ghose  rice mba 2002  - resume . doc",0,internship opportunities please respond dear mr kaminski found enrononline project interesting one enjoyed working everyone research department well departments keenly interested area wondering would summer internship opportunities attached resume mail review look forward hearing soon thank ivy ghose rice mba resume doc
"Subject: research memo on mg var  dear all :  comments on this document should be directed to vince and / or me .  regards ,  grant .",0,research memo mg var dear comments document directed vince regards grant
"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of logos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketinq tools  wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1,perfect logo charset koi r thinking breathing new life business start revamping front end logo visuai identity logodentity offers creative custom desiqn logos stationery web sites carefui hand powerfui marketinq tools wili bring breath fresh air business make stand among competitors ciick away future success ciick see sampies artwork check prices hot offers
"Subject: re : p + spread options  jeff ,  a short follow up on the p + options .  attached is a chart showing historical correlations for calendar spreads  between futures contracts . it shows correlation over four different time  horizons up to the roll of the nearest contract in each pair . as you can  see the level is usually higher than 0 . 98 and often near 0 . 99 . if our  current book of "" index p + "" options were re - marked at a 98 % correlation , it  would result in a reduction in m - t - m value of about $ 78 million according to  my estimate .",0,p spread options jeff short follow p options attached chart showing historical correlations calendar spreads futures contracts shows correlation four different time horizons roll nearest contract pair see level usually higher often near current book index p options marked correlation would result reduction value million according estimate
"Subject: we owe you lots of money  dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . wsrefi . net / ? id = j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , heather grant , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . wsrefi . net / book . php",1,owe lots money dear applicant review upon receiving application current mortgage qualifies rate new monthly payment low month loan please confirm information order us finalize loan may also apply new one complete final steps visiting http www wsrefi net id j look foward hearing thank heather grant account managerlpc associates llc interested www wsrefi net book php
"Subject: re : tanya vacation  vince ,  i just found out that none of my vacation days from the last year is in the  computer system  ( it says that i have 0 c / over days ) .  it was november 3 , 1999 when i asked your approval to carry over 12 vacation  days to the next year .  i was thinking that if you ( or hr ) do not approve i could at least take these  days in 1999 .  i know that your tried to help me and sent to brad mcsherry the  justification for me to carry over 10 days .  i bothered you a few times in november and december 1999 and since your  response was optimistic  i did not take any of those 10 days in 1999 . but i never heard from hr .  now i am not sure - may be these days are not in the system by mistake .  i would like to take 5 of them in march ( from 3 / 13 / 00 to 3 / 17 / 00 ) .  what is your advice ? should i contact brad mcsherry ? even negative response  from hr in november or  december last year would be better than loosing vacation days .  i really appreciate your help ,  tanya .  tanya tamarchenko  12 / 02 / 99 12 : 51 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : tanya vacation  hi , vince ,  sorry to bother again with my question .  i first e - mailed my question a month ago ( on nov . 3 ) .  since we still have not heard from hr , is it fair to assume that i can carry  over my 10 vacation days to the next year ?  if not - i have to take 5 days before dec . 17 , because then i go on vacations  anyhow . i would really prefer not to take off  most of december , there are quite a lot of things going on .  thank you for your help in resolving this question .  tanya .",0,tanya vacation vince found none vacation days last year computer system says c days november asked approval carry vacation days next year thinking hr approve could least take days know tried help sent brad mcsherry justification carry days bothered times november december since response optimistic take days never heard hr sure may days system mistake would like take march advice contact brad mcsherry even negative response hr november december last year would better loosing vacation days really appreciate help tanya tanya tamarchenko pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject tanya vacation hi vince sorry bother question first e mailed question month ago nov since still heard hr fair assume carry vacation days next year take days dec go vacations anyhow would really prefer take december quite lot things going thank help resolving question tanya
"Subject: re : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study -  to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  iris ,  we can mention to ben that the papers will be edited and  combined into a coherent review .  vince  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 23 / 2001 01 : 49 pm  to : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi ,  attached is a bit of feedback from ben regarding the papers listed below .  can you help me out here ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : parsons , ben  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 3 : 05 am  to : mack , iris  subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi iris  i would not include paper 8 , as paper 7 supersedes it . also how much rewriting of these papers do you envisage ? some of them are not up - to - date , or were written poorly and under time - pressure , so what do you envisage eventually sending to duffie ?  thanks  ben  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 21 / 04 / 2001 22 : 30 cdt  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue @ / o = enron / ou = na / cn = recipients / cn = notesaddr / cn = e 6795104 - 40 ff 9820 - 86256525 - 68 daao @ ex @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , nigel price / lon / ect @ ect , tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , george albanis / lon / ect @ ect , markus fiala / lon / ect @ ect , craig chaney / enron @ enronxgate , kim detiveaux / enron @ enronxgate , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi ben ,  i think i have read all the papers that are to be used in the comparative model study to be sent to professor duffie at stanford .  these documents are all listed below . please let me know if i have omitted any ( however , don ' t get the impression that i am begging for more papers to read ) .  now i will try to transform my notes into a draft for professor duffie .  thanks ,  iris  list of papers for comparative model study  1 . actively managing corporate credit risk : new methodologies and instruments for non - financial firms  by r . buy , v . kaminski , k . pinnamaneni & v . shanbhogue  chapter in a risk book entitled credit derivatives : application for risk management , investment and portfolio optimisation  2 . neural network placement model  by george albanis , enroncredit ( 12 / 22 / 00 )  3 . pricing parent companies and their subsidiaries : model description and data requirements  by ben parsons and tomas valnek , research group  4 . a survey of contingent - claims approaches to risky debt valuation  by j . bohn  www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html  5 . the kmv edf credit measure and probabilities of default  by m . sellers , o . vasicek & a . levinson  www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html  6 . riskcalc for private companies : moody ' s default model  moody ' s investor service : global credit research  7 . discussion document : asset swap model  by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 )  8 . asset swap calculator : detailed functional implementation specification ( version 1 . 0 )  by ben parsons , research group  9 . discussion document : live libor bootstrapping model  by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 )  10 . the modelling behind the fair market curves : including country and industry offsets  by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group  11 . pricing portfolios of default swaps : synthetic cbos - moody ' s versus the full monte ( carlo )  by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group  12 . placement model vl . 0 : discussion document  by ben parsons , research group , 2000  13 . credit pricing methodology - enroncredit . com  by ben parsons , research group  14 . correlation : critical measure for calculating profit and loss on synthetic credit portfolios  by katherine siig , enron credit group  15 . discussion document : var model for enron credit  by ben parsons , research group , ( 1 / 3 / 01 )  16 . methodology to implement approximate var model for the credit trading portfolio  by kirstee hewitt , research group",0,fw enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford iris mention ben papers edited combined coherent review vince iris mack enron enronxgate pm vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect amitava dhar corp enron enron cc subject fw enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford hi attached bit feedback ben regarding papers listed help thanks iris original message parsons ben sent monday april mack iris subject enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford hi iris would include paper paper supersedes also much rewriting papers envisage date written poorly time pressure envisage eventually sending duffie thanks ben iris mack enron enronxgate cdt ben parsons lon ect ect cc vasant shanbhogue enron ou na cn recipients cn notesaddr cn e ff daao ex enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect scott salmon eu enron enron bryan seyfried lon ect ect nigel price lon ect ect tomas valnek lon ect ect george albanis lon ect ect markus fiala lon ect ect craig chaney enron enronxgate kim detiveaux enron enronxgate amitava dhar corp enron enron tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect mike mumford lon ect ect subject enron credit model docs comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford hi ben think read papers used comparative model study sent professor duffie stanford documents listed please let know omitted however get impression begging papers read try transform notes draft professor duffie thanks iris list papers comparative model study actively managing corporate credit risk new methodologies instruments non financial firms r buy v kaminski k pinnamaneni v shanbhogue chapter risk book entitled credit derivatives application risk management investment portfolio optimisation neural network placement model george albanis enroncredit pricing parent companies subsidiaries model description data requirements ben parsons tomas valnek research group survey contingent claims approaches risky debt valuation j bohn www kmv com products privatefirm html kmv edf credit measure probabilities default sellers vasicek levinson www kmv com products privatefirm html riskcalc private companies moody default model moody investor service global credit research discussion document asset swap model ben parsons research group asset swap calculator detailed functional implementation specification version ben parsons research group discussion document live libor bootstrapping model ben parsons research group modelling behind fair market curves including country industry offsets nigel price enron credit trading group pricing portfolios default swaps synthetic cbos moody versus full monte carlo nigel price enron credit trading group placement model vl discussion document ben parsons research group credit pricing methodology enroncredit com ben parsons research group correlation critical measure calculating profit loss synthetic credit portfolios katherine siig enron credit group discussion document var model enron credit ben parsons research group methodology implement approximate var model credit trading portfolio kirstee hewitt research group
"Subject: interview with the enron research group  good morning frank :  vince kaminski and the enron research group would like to bring you to  houston for an interview , sometime around the last of januray or the first  of february . our human resources rep will be contacting you as to the  best day and time for you .  could you please furnish me an electronic version of your resume ? i will  need this to pass to the hr dept .  the people in the research group that will be interviewing you are :  vince kaminski managing director and head of research  stinson gibner vice president  krishna krishnarao director ( will be out of the office until the  end of january - thus the time frame )  vasant shanbhogue vice president  tanya tamarchenko director  zimin lu director  thank you very much and we look forward to seeing you soon .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0,interview enron research group good morning frank vince kaminski enron research group would like bring houston interview sometime around last januray first february human resources rep contacting best day time could please furnish electronic version resume need pass hr dept people research group interviewing vince kaminski managing director head research stinson gibner vice president krishna krishnarao director office end january thus time frame vasant shanbhogue vice president tanya tamarchenko director zimin lu director thank much look forward seeing soon sincerely shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group email shirley crenshaw enron com
"Subject: vol skew no - arbitrage constraints  the attached note lists conditions that can be used to verify that a given vol skew curve does not generate arbitrage opportunities in a strip of option prices .  if you have questions or want to discuss implementation , please give me a call .  bob lee  x 35163",0,vol skew arbitrage constraints attached note lists conditions used verify given vol skew curve generate arbitrage opportunities strip option prices questions want discuss implementation please give call bob lee x
"Subject: seismic data via satellite  i have attached a background piece to brief oil traders on this subject prior  to a possible meeting with them .  please give me any comments on 1 ) accuracy 2 ) completeness and 3 ) coverage  of the areas we want to explore .  as a side note , i found some info on the web stating current proven oil  reserves are 1 , 000 billion bbls . discovery of a 1 billion bbl field would  add only 0 . 1 % . while we will pursue the trading advantage option , it is not  looking promising that it has great short term value , given the long time  frame and high cost of bringing deep water reserves to market .  bob lee",0,seismic data via satellite attached background piece brief oil traders subject prior possible meeting please give comments accuracy completeness coverage areas want explore side note found info web stating current proven oil reserves billion bbls discovery billion bbl field would add pursue trading advantage option looking promising great short term value given long time frame high cost bringing deep water reserves market bob lee
"Subject: credit exposure model  bill ,  alex and i are working on the credit exposure model . we finished the initial  design issues regarding  input and output . we would like to have a meeting with you to seek feedback .  we also preceeded  to write the underlying model . so feedback at early stage can be important  for the later development .  paulo issler is working on the short term enhancement to the credit loss  model : adding asian option to  the model built by vasant and amitava .  let me know when is a good time for us to meet .  zimin",0,credit exposure model bill alex working credit exposure model finished initial design issues regarding input output would like meeting seek feedback also preceeded write underlying model feedback early stage important later development paulo issler working short term enhancement credit loss model adding asian option model built vasant amitava let know good time us meet zimin
"Subject: operational risk iconference  "" the person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and  dare . the sure - thing boat never gets far from shore . "" - - dale carnegie  erisk is pleased to announce an iconference on  practical methodologies for operational risk management  keynote speaker : tony peccia , vice president of operational risk at cibc  followed by a panel discussion , which will include the following  distinguished panelists :  marcelo cruz , director of operational risk at ubs ag  tony peccia , vice president of operational risk at cibc  karim rajwani , senior manager of operational risk at royal bank of canada  when : thursday , december 14 at 12 noon est / 5 p . m . london time .  topics to be covered : the battle between "" quantitative "" and "" qualitative ""  approaches , measuring the success of operational risk management , applying  large institution methodologies to smaller institutions , and much more .  recommended background reading :  the operational risk piece in our risk jigsaw  you will need to log in to be able to click through to this tutorial , which  features insights from "" expert witnesses "" ( including panelist marcelo cruz ) ,  the 12 steps of the operational risk management process , and links to  additional resources .  registration : this conference is totally free , and you can participate by  using any computer with internet access and a telephone .  you will need to register for this conference in advance by clicking here  if you have any questions regarding our iconferences , please send email to  iconferences @ erisk . com  see you at the iconference !  your friends at erisk . com ( formerly erisks . com )  p . s . the archived slides , polling results , and real - time replays of our  previous iconferences , including our last iconference on compensation for  risk managers , can be accessed here free of charge .  your email : [ vkamins @ enron . com ] is in our erisks . com mailing list . if you  wish to unsubscribe from future mailings , please forward this message  to : unsub _ opriskl @ email . erisks . com to subscribe , please forward this message  to sub _ opriskl @ email . erisks . com [ image ]",0,operational risk iconference person goes farthest generally one willing dare sure thing boat never gets far shore dale carnegie erisk pleased announce iconference practical methodologies operational risk management keynote speaker tony peccia vice president operational risk cibc followed panel discussion include following distinguished panelists marcelo cruz director operational risk ubs ag tony peccia vice president operational risk cibc karim rajwani senior manager operational risk royal bank canada thursday december noon est p london time topics covered battle quantitative qualitative approaches measuring success operational risk management applying large institution methodologies smaller institutions much recommended background reading operational risk piece risk jigsaw need log able click tutorial features insights expert witnesses including panelist marcelo cruz steps operational risk management process links additional resources registration conference totally free participate using computer internet access telephone need register conference advance clicking questions regarding iconferences please send email iconferences erisk com see iconference friends erisk com formerly erisks com p archived slides polling results real time replays previous iconferences including last iconference compensation risk managers accessed free charge email vkamins enron com erisks com mailing list wish unsubscribe future mailings please forward message unsub opriskl email erisks com subscribe please forward message sub opriskl email erisks com image
"Subject: your visit to sydney in july  vince  i support raymond ' s email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give  a presentation ( formal or informal ) to the trading group on latest research  initiatives in houston . please let us know your schedule so that we do not  overly burden you during your visit . look forward to seeing you and catching  up over a beer .  thnx  paul  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paul quilkey / enron _ development on  07 / 05 / 2000 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  raymond yeow  07 / 04 / 2000 08 : 21 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development , kirsty hogarth / enron _ development , elliott  katz / enron _ development , david gray / enron _ development  subject : your visit to sydney in july  dear vince ,  hi ! , it ' s only two weeks until the aust energy risk ( 17 - 19 july ) seminar in  sydney .  is risk organising your hotel ?  otherwise , kirsty can organise for you ,  eg harbour view at the regent or convenience to the seminar location at the  sheraton ?  we would like to make sure that you have all the necessary "" comforts "" of home  when you are with us ,  elliott & david can set up a desk for you in the office / trading room with  phone etc  so you can use one of our pc to access email or plug in your laptop .  please let elliott or david kmow your requirements .  how long will you be with us ?  is this your first trip to sydney ?  there are several of us in the office who would like to take you for a  meal ( s ) / show you the sights etc and  discuss the latest research findings with you whilst you are in sydney eg var .  hear from you soon .  raymond  725 pm 4 july",0,visit sydney july vince support raymond email would welcome opportunity give presentation formal informal trading group latest research initiatives houston please let us know schedule overly burden visit look forward seeing catching beer thnx paul forwarded paul quilkey enron development raymond yeow pm vince j kaminski ect cc paul quilkey enron development kirsty hogarth enron development elliott katz enron development david gray enron development subject visit sydney july dear vince hi two weeks aust energy risk july seminar sydney risk organising hotel otherwise kirsty organise eg harbour view regent convenience seminar location sheraton would like make sure necessary comforts home us elliott david set desk office trading room phone etc use one pc access email plug laptop please let elliott david kmow requirements long us first trip sydney several us office would like take meal show sights etc discuss latest research findings whilst sydney eg var hear soon raymond pm july
"Subject: re : european energy 2000  vince ,  i ' ve been invited to speak at the conference below in amsterdam in april .  this is along with the monte carlo conference a week later which stinson has  forwarded my name for . both are by eprm , and shouldn ' t take too much time to  prepare as will be on similar topics to the previous conference at which i  spoke . should i go to both , or start prioritising these events ?  ben  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by benjamin parsons / lon / ect on 20 / 12 / 99  17 : 03 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : "" angela adedeji ""  20 / 12 / 99 11 : 57  please respond to "" angela adedeji ""  to : benjamin parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : european energy 2000  dear ben  re : european energy 2000 , 3 & 4 april , amsterdam  it is with great pleasure that i enclose details of eprm ' s 3 rd annual  congress . i would like to invite you to become involved as a speaker on the  programme and / or on either of the two seminars on modelling power prices and  var .  the following sessions are currently available on the main programme :  - trouble shooting roundtables -  var  forward curve  electricity derivatives  heding  - developing and implementing enterprise wide risk management  - quantifying and minimising operational risk  unfortunately this project needs to be signed off before christmas . i would  therefore appreciate receiving a response from at your earliest convenience .  i hope we can work together on this event and i look forward to hearing from  you soon .  kind regards  angela adedeji  senior producer , energy conferences & courses  tel - 0171 484 9886  fax - 0171 484 9888  email - aadedeji @ risk . co . uk  - attl . htm  - fgrid . doc  - seminar . doc  - seminar 2 . doc",0,european energy vince invited speak conference amsterdam april along monte carlo conference week later stinson forwarded name eprm take much time prepare similar topics previous conference spoke go start prioritising events ben forwarded benjamin parsons lon ect enron capital trade resources corp angela adedeji please respond angela adedeji benjamin parsons lon ect ect cc subject european energy dear ben european energy april amsterdam great pleasure enclose details eprm rd annual congress would like invite become involved speaker programme either two seminars modelling power prices var following sessions currently available main programme trouble shooting roundtables var forward curve electricity derivatives heding developing implementing enterprise wide risk management quantifying minimising operational risk unfortunately project needs signed christmas would therefore appreciate receiving response earliest convenience hope work together event look forward hearing soon kind regards angela adedeji senior producer energy conferences courses tel fax email aadedeji risk co uk attl htm fgrid doc seminar doc seminar doc
"Subject: re : grant masson  great news . lets get this moving along . sheila , can you work out offer letter ?  vince , i am in london monday / tuesday , back weds late . i ' ll ask sheila to fix  this for you and if you need me call me on my cell phone .  vince j kaminski  12 / 15 / 2000 09 : 50 am  to : david oxley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : grant masson  david ,  a follow - up on my voice - mail message regarding  grant .  dave delainey is on board regarding grant .  we can bring him back at the same level and comp ,  assuming that resignation was handled  in a professional manner .  dd asked me to work out the details with you . can we meet to talk  about it on monday ?  vince",0,grant masson great news lets get moving along sheila work offer letter vince london monday tuesday back weds late ask sheila fix need call cell phone vince j kaminski david oxley hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject grant masson david follow voice mail message regarding grant dave delainey board regarding grant bring back level comp assuming resignation handled professional manner dd asked work details meet talk monday vince
Subject: aga for 6 / 16 / 00 is predicted at 82  i will keep runing my aga model ( the molecule model ) for awhile . for the last  two weeks the numbers that came out from the model are in the lucky side .  see the following table .  the following figures shows the overall fit .  zimin,0,aga predicted keep runing aga model molecule model awhile last two weeks numbers came model lucky side see following table following figures shows overall fit zimin
"Subject: re : conference call on friday , march 17 th  shirley ,  11 : 00 am ca - time is fine ( 1 : 00 pm tx - time ) .  i ' ll be at 650 725 - 5525 .  my cell phone number is 650 796 - 8163 .  please call me there if plans change .  thanks ,  nick  shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote :  >  > hello nick :  >  > i agree e - mail is much easier .  >  > there is a two - hour time difference between calif and texas , i . e . , 1 : 00 pm  > texas time - 11 : 00 am calif time .  >  > would tomorrow at 11 : 00 am calif time be ok with you ( 1 : 00 pm texas ) ?  > this time is fine for vince , tom gros and stinson gibner .  >  > can they call you and if so , what number ?  >  > please let me know .  >  > thanks !  >  > shirley  > 713 - 853 - 5290  >  > nick bambos on 03 / 16 / 2000 12 : 28 : 58 pm  >  > to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  > cc : bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu  > subject : re : visit to enron  >  > shirley ,  >  > it ' s easier to communcate by e - mail , since i am moving from  > meeting to meeting ( but i have the laptop always with me ) .  >  > please give me a phone number that i could call tomorrow .  > what is the time difference between california and your  > location ? i think it ' s 2 hours ( ca - > tx ) - is that right ?  >  > i can do the conference call any time from 9 - 11 ca time .  > would that be ok on your side ?  >  > thanks ,  >  > nick  >  > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > >  > > nick ,  > >  > > we can close the loop on our commitment to support the research projects  > > before your visit to enron .  > >  > > my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you to set up a conference  > call  > > with me , stinson gibner ,  > > and tom gros from enron broadband services to discuss all the isssues .  > > friday this week would work for  > > both tom and me . i think we need about 15 minutes .  > >  > > vince  > >  > > p . s . shirley , nick ' s phone number is 650 796 8163 ( cell ) , 650 - 725 - 5525  > > ( office ) .  > >  > > nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm  > >  > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu  > > cc :  > > subject : visit to enron  > >  > > hello vince ,  > >  > > it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch  > > we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the  > > technical level and otherwise .  > >  > > i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for  > > a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was  > > clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule -  > > mine is rather terrible :  > >  > > friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter  > > sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron  > > to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to  > > visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in  > > japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays .  > >  > > friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably  > > is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within  > > a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this  > > research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be  > > important for the student support funds to be in place then , so  > > that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top  > > talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have  > > approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing "" soft  > > commitments to star - level students "" to get this research and its  > > potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought  > > after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this  > > competition .  > >  > > does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the  > > project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the  > > end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can  > > happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may .  > > i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets  > > going . please let me know what you think .  > >  > > best regards ,  > >  > > nick",0,conference call friday march th shirley ca time fine pm tx time cell phone number please call plans change thanks nick shirley crenshaw enron com wrote hello nick agree e mail much easier two hour time difference calif texas e pm texas time calif time would tomorrow calif time ok pm texas time fine vince tom gros stinson gibner call number please let know thanks shirley nick bambos pm shirley crenshaw enron com cc bambos stanford stanford edu subject visit enron shirley easier communcate e mail since moving meeting meeting laptop always please give phone number could call tomorrow time difference california location think hours ca tx right conference call time ca time would ok side thanks nick vince j kaminski enron com wrote nick close loop commitment support research projects visit enron assistant shirley crenshaw call set conference call stinson gibner tom gros enron broadband services discuss isssues friday week would work tom think need minutes vince p shirley nick phone number cell office nick bambos pm vince j kaminski enron com bambos stanford stanford edu cc subject visit enron hello vince nice seeing stanford many thanks lunch together really enjoyed discussions technical level otherwise promised send e mail regarding possible dates visit enron delayed week till schedule clearer let see get match schedule mine rather terrible friday st april looks good april rd easter sunday may make difficult people enron around let know case willing visit week scheduled japan previous weeks committed fridays friday th may next possibility probably far main problem operating within window opportunity attracting top students research window closes end april would important student support funds place make hard commitments students attract top talent already reviewing files students approached phd advising mode soft commitments star level students get research potential radar screen top students highly sought advisors want early player competition visit enron happen set project student support stanford end april important getting top people visit happen get ball rolling schedule may assume multiple visits ways project gets going please let know think best regards nick
"Subject: re : argentina power & gas market modelling  team ,  for me it  % s ok . let us know the confimed date early , so we can arrange our  classes .  thanks  diego  julian poole  03 / 17 / 2000 10 : 35 am  to : michael guerriero / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff  kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo  freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego  hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo  andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar  benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago  subject : re : argentina power & gas market modelling  all ,  let ' s arrange a conference call next week to discuss the process .  how does tuesday afternoon fit everyone ' s schedule ?  julian  enron international  from : michael guerriero 03 / 17 / 2000 03 : 49 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff  kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , julian  poole / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo  freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego  hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo  andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar  benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago  cc :  subject : argentina power & gas market modelling  i would like to initiate a team to address the continued improvement of the  argentine power & gas market models . i spoke with vince this morning and we  reviewed that history of work to date and what we will need to do from here .  a summary is as follows :  team :  ba members : julian poole lead  mario benitez associate  ba associates : diego hollweck associate  bernardo andrews associate  santiago porta associate  houston members : to be named .  time schedule : as soon as possible . completed before june 1 , 2000 winter in  argentina .  scope of work :  power model : advance the current model from basic load forecasting to  incorporate weather , hydrology , improved short term and long term forecasting .  natural gas model : build a supply and demand load forecasting model  incorporating weather , thermal demand , pipeline flow rates , well head  supply , improved short term and long term forecasting .  phase i - data request  power  historic weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average  humidity  precipitation  cloud cover  regionally  forward weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average  humidity  precipitation  cloud cover  regionally  historic hydrology : reservoir levels  reservoir capacity  current hydrology : reservoir levels  remote monitoring : aireal , pressure device , laser  snow pack : density volume and mass  power supply : current and future capacity  transmission  capacity : current and future capacity  natural gas data list to be developed  phase ii - power model development  phase iii - natural gas model development  we will take advantage of the fact that the associates are in houston for the  next two weeks . vince is out next week but we can start with a process  discussion with grant masson next week . julian please get a meeting scheduled  as soon as possible . we should immediately start collecting data .  thanks  mfg",0,argentina power gas market modelling team ok let us know confimed date early arrange classes thanks diego julian poole michael guerriero enron development enron development cc vince j kaminski ect grant masson ect jeff kabel enron development enron development rodolfo freyre enron development enron development diego hollweck enron development enron development bernardo andrews enron development enron development mario aguilar benitez enron development enron development santiago subject argentina power gas market modelling let arrange conference call next week discuss process tuesday afternoon fit everyone schedule julian enron international michael guerriero pm vince j kaminski ect grant masson ect jeff kabel enron development enron development julian poole enron development enron development rodolfo freyre enron development enron development diego hollweck enron development enron development bernardo andrews enron development enron development mario aguilar benitez enron development enron development santiago cc subject argentina power gas market modelling would like initiate team address continued improvement argentine power gas market models spoke vince morning reviewed history work date need summary follows team ba members julian poole lead mario benitez associate ba associates diego hollweck associate bernardo andrews associate santiago porta associate houston members named time schedule soon possible completed june winter argentina scope work power model advance current model basic load forecasting incorporate weather hydrology improved short term long term forecasting natural gas model build supply demand load forecasting model incorporating weather thermal demand pipeline flow rates well head supply improved short term long term forecasting phase data request power historic weather temperature daily hourly min max average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally forward weather temperature daily hourly min max average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally historic hydrology reservoir levels reservoir capacity current hydrology reservoir levels remote monitoring aireal pressure device laser snow pack density volume mass power supply current future capacity transmission capacity current future capacity natural gas data list developed phase ii power model development phase iii natural gas model development take advantage fact associates houston next two weeks vince next week start process discussion grant masson next week julian please get meeting scheduled soon possible immediately start collecting data thanks mfg
"Subject: giuseppe paleologo  molly ,  giuseppe is finishing his ph . d . at stanford and worked for us last summer . we would like to make him an offer to bring him as a manager . vince would like to offer $ 110 k base plus a $ 20 k signing bonus and whatever would be the appropriate relocation package ( he is single . ) . he is leaving on monday for europe , so it would be preferable if we can get an offer letter in his hands by friday or saturday . i have verbally given him this offer already , but told him that you would be the expert regarding what is covered in the relocation part . he should be sending me his current address by email which i will forward to you a . s . a . p .  thanks ,  stinson  x 34748  p . s . regarding jinbaek . we would be happy to pay his air ticket .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  giuseppe andrea paleologo @ stanford . edu on 04 / 23 / 2001 07 : 33 : 29 pm  please respond to gappy @ stanford . edu  sent by : gappy @ stanford . edu  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : from stinson  stinso , nice to hear from you . things are going well here . the only  annoyance comes from the ins . i applied for curricular practical  training , and it will take about three months to have the work permit .  receiving an h - 1 takes understably much longer . other than this , i would  like to know how are things in the research group and ebs .  i will leave for italy next monday and will stay there two weeks . i hope  to hear from you before my departure .  giuseppe  stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :  >  > giuseppe ,  >  > how are you ? is your thesis still on schedule ? i hope things are going  > well . i will try and give you a call in the next day or two to see how  > things are going and to bring you up to date on what ' s going on here at  > enron . look forward to talking with you .  >  > - - stinson  - -  giuseppe a . paleologo  email : gappy @ stanford . edu  office phone : ( 650 ) 725 - 0541",0,giuseppe paleologo molly giuseppe finishing ph stanford worked us last summer would like make offer bring manager vince would like offer k base plus k signing bonus whatever would appropriate relocation package single leaving monday europe would preferable get offer letter hands friday saturday verbally given offer already told would expert regarding covered relocation part sending current address email forward p thanks stinson x p regarding jinbaek would happy pay air ticket forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm giuseppe andrea paleologo stanford edu pm please respond gappy stanford edu sent gappy stanford edu stinson gibner enron com cc subject stinson stinso nice hear things going well annoyance comes ins applied curricular practical training take three months work permit receiving h takes understably much longer would like know things research group ebs leave italy next monday stay two weeks hope hear departure giuseppe stinson gibner enron com wrote giuseppe thesis still schedule hope things going well try give call next day two see things going bring date going enron look forward talking stinson giuseppe paleologo email gappy stanford edu office phone
"Subject: software should be easy to use !  seven days - seven ways to save ! 10 % off hard drivres there is no other rule .  a person ' s a person , no matter how small .",1,software easy use seven days seven ways save hard drivres rule person person matter small
"Subject: pserc denver meeting  vince ,  the pserc meeting lance and i went to was both interesting  and boring . pserc has 11 school members and 30 industry members . its research  program consists of three stems : markets , transmission and distribution ,  and systems . ( enron ' s interests probably lie mainly in the first stem . )  in morning of the first day , researchers from universities  presented their project proposals . i found some of them  quite interesting . for example , shmuel oren , fernando alvarado ,  tim mount ( of cornell ) propose to study "" market redesign : incorporating  the lessons learned from actual experiences for enhancing market  design , "" shijie deng , s . oren et al propose to study "" power asset  valuation model in a market - based and reliability - constrained electric  power system . "" the first got funded but the second did not .  in the same afternoon industry and academic separated to have their  own discussion . i went to the academic discussion and lance the  industry one . i hope my presence there did not make things worse , for  the discussion revealed a lot of organizational chaos and confusion .  the proposal screen process got a lot of heat from participants .  the proposal process goes as follows : researchers first write a short  proposal to appropriate stem committee ( no industry participantion , it seems  to me ) ,  each committee then ranks the proposal and selects the top 3 or 4 . the  selected  proposals are then expanded to be present to the industry . industry then  gets to vote which proposals get funded . however , some researchers were  very unhappy about the initial ranking and selection process . there were  accusation of self - ranking , communication between stem committee and  member schools breaking down , and so on . some were even asking for  some sort of assurance that the project will be funded even before wrting it  ( the arguement was "" then it was a waste of our time to write proposals "" ,  which i found quite amusing ) .  all in all , i found the process was not taken seriously enough by university  researchers . pserc has been established for 5 years now and it still does  not have a proper proposal screen process , which is hard to believe . also ,  the communication among university researchers , between stem committee  and member schools , and most importantly , between researchers and industry ,  are not smooth as all .  since the proposals are voted by 30 or so industry members , the "" right ""  projects may not get funded . too many participants also make the decision  process very indecisive and quite painful to watch ( lance can comment on  this better ) . they also wanted to spread the fund among all schools which  made the voting a less authoritive .  i believe enron will not get much returns from join pserc ( price tag is  $ 40 , 000  per company per year ) . if we find some projects interesting , we can sponsor  the schools in the form of summer interns , the schools claim that most of the  fund  goes to support students anyway .  alex",0,pserc denver meeting vince pserc meeting lance went interesting boring pserc school members industry members research program consists three stems markets transmission distribution systems enron interests probably lie mainly first stem morning first day researchers universities presented project proposals found quite interesting example shmuel oren fernando alvarado tim mount cornell propose study market redesign incorporating lessons learned actual experiences enhancing market design shijie deng oren et al propose study power asset valuation model market based reliability constrained electric power system first got funded second afternoon industry academic separated discussion went academic discussion lance industry one hope presence make things worse discussion revealed lot organizational chaos confusion proposal screen process got lot heat participants proposal process goes follows researchers first write short proposal appropriate stem committee industry participantion seems committee ranks proposal selects top selected proposals expanded present industry industry gets vote proposals get funded however researchers unhappy initial ranking selection process accusation self ranking communication stem committee member schools breaking even asking sort assurance project funded even wrting arguement waste time write proposals found quite amusing found process taken seriously enough university researchers pserc established years still proper proposal screen process hard believe also communication among university researchers stem committee member schools importantly researchers industry smooth since proposals voted industry members right projects may get funded many participants also make decision process indecisive quite painful watch lance comment better also wanted spread fund among schools made voting less authoritive believe enron get much returns join pserc price tag per company per year find projects interesting sponsor schools form summer interns schools claim fund goes support students anyway alex
"Subject: phone numbers  computer support : 713 - 348 - 8319 ( help with computer connection )  suzanna vazquez : 713 - 348 - 3736 ( copies , etc . )  please let me know if you have any more questions or if i can help in any way .  pamela castro  mba program associate  rice university  713 - 348 - 6223",0,phone numbers computer support help computer connection suzanna vazquez copies etc please let know questions help way pamela castro mba program associate rice university
"Subject: john martin , energy finance article  vince ,  f . y . i . i have not talked to john martin about it yet . i don ' t know if you  have any interest .  stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 07 / 24 / 2000  10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  john martin on 07 / 21 / 2000 07 : 36 : 31 pm  to : stinson gibner  cc :  subject : re : your call  my number is 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) and 254 - 757 - 0852 ( home ) . the editor of  the journal of applied corporate finance is doing a special issue on energy  finance for the fall and i want to see if you and vince would like to put  something together describing enron ' s basic business model . i would love  to join you if you would like and i can actually draft the paper with your  help . i ' ll get in touch with you on monday . have a great weekend .  john  p . s . mitch taylor was in class today and did his usual great job . i sure  enjoy using enron as my "" premier company example "" .  at 04 : 48 pm 7 / 20 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote :  >  >  > john ,  >  > i misplaced your phone number . please let me have it , and i promise to give  > you a call . i ' d love to hear what you have in mind .  >  >  > best regards ,  >  > stinson  >",0,john martin energy finance article vince f talked john martin yet know interest stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect john martin pm stinson gibner cc subject call number office home editor journal applied corporate finance special issue energy finance fall want see vince would like put something together describing enron basic business model would love join would like actually draft paper help get touch monday great weekend john p mitch taylor class today usual great job sure enjoy using enron premier company example pm wrote john misplaced phone number please let promise give call love hear mind best regards stinson
"Subject: assume i will not be chairing . . .  dear joel ,  as i have not received any reply yet re email below ,  i have arranged other appts for myself on monday  and will not be chairing any seesions .  rgds raymond  345 pm ; 14 july  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by raymond yeow / enron _ development on  07 / 14 / 2000 03 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  raymond yeow  07 / 12 / 2000 07 : 39 pm  to : "" joel hanley ""  cc :  subject : re : is there any chance you could chair a session at the conference ?  dear joel ,  will be glad to help out but had a look at the stream 2 on monday  and it is 1120 am - 520 pm covering three sessions ! ! !  could i suggest that i take the 1120 am - lunch session and you can find another  speaker ( s ) from day 2  to chair the afternoon session ( s ) .  i am flexible if you need me to take a different time on the monday .  rgds raymond  "" joel hanley "" on 07 / 12 / 2000 03 : 37 : 39 am  please respond to "" joel hanley ""  to :  cc :  subject : is there any chance you could chair a session at the conference ?  raymond ,  by the way , is there any chance you could chair a session at the conference ?  glenn labhart from the us has unfortunately dropped out so i am hoping you  could chair stream two on day one ( monday 17 th ) . please let me know asap . it  would be a great help is you ' re available .  best wishes ,  joel .  direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9885  ?  www . riskpublications . com",0,assume chairing dear joel received reply yet email arranged appts monday chairing seesions rgds raymond pm july forwarded raymond yeow enron development pm raymond yeow pm joel hanley cc subject chance could chair session conference dear joel glad help look stream monday pm covering three sessions could suggest take lunch session find another speaker day chair afternoon session flexible need take different time monday rgds raymond joel hanley please respond joel hanley cc subject chance could chair session conference raymond way chance could chair session conference glenn labhart us unfortunately dropped hoping could chair stream two day one monday th please let know asap would great help available best wishes joel direct www riskpublications com
"Subject: re : garp credit derivatives discussion group  philip ,  thanks for keeping me in mind . yes , i would be interested .  vince  "" philip merrill "" on 11 / 30 / 2000 04 : 47 : 20 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : garp credit derivatives discussion group  vince  we are starting a credit derivatives discussion group in new york .  is this something you would be interested in ?  like fas 133 an 800 - call - in number will be provided for houston  participants .  our first meeting will be in a week or so .  regards ,  philip merrill  garp regional director , new york  973 - 258 - 1540",0,garp credit derivatives discussion group philip thanks keeping mind yes would interested vince philip merrill pm please respond cc subject garp credit derivatives discussion group vince starting credit derivatives discussion group new york something would interested like fas call number provided houston participants first meeting week regards philip merrill garp regional director new york
"Subject: re : meeting ( fwd )  - -  bradley romine  ees / or stanford university  bradley @ leland . stanford . edu  - - - - - - - - - - forwarded message - - - - - - - - - -  date : thu , 20 jan 2000 12 : 09 : 05 - 0800 ( pst )  from : bradley romine  to : nick bambos  subject : re : meeting  professor bambos ,  3 pm on wed . is fine with them . so i ' ll see you then in your office  in terman .  brad  on thu , 20 jan 2000 , nick bambos wrote :  > brad ,  >  > yes , i would be happy to meet with them .  > how about 3 pm on wed .  >  > thanks ,  >  > nick  >  > bradley romine wrote :  > >  > > hello professor bambos ,  > > i was talking to some friends i have at enron about pricing  > > options for bandwidth trading and other optimization algorithms for  > > broadband networks . anyway they are interested in talking to you about  > > your research . they will be in town next week tuesday and wednesday and  > > would appreciate getting a chance to talk to you . are you available ?  > >  > > thanks ,  > > brad  > >  > > - -  > > bradley romine  > > ees / or stanford university  > > bradley @ leland . stanford . edu  >  - -  bradley romine  ees / or stanford university  bradley @ leland . stanford . edu",0,meeting fwd bradley romine ees stanford university bradley leland stanford edu forwarded message date thu jan pst bradley romine nick bambos subject meeting professor bambos pm wed fine see office terman brad thu jan nick bambos wrote brad yes would happy meet pm wed thanks nick bradley romine wrote hello professor bambos talking friends enron pricing options bandwidth trading optimization algorithms broadband networks anyway interested talking research town next week tuesday wednesday would appreciate getting chance talk available thanks brad bradley romine ees stanford university bradley leland stanford edu bradley romine ees stanford university bradley leland stanford edu
"Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding webslte  wiii make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your  company wiil automaticaily become a worid leader : it isguite clear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,logo stationer website design much lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwhelminq good catchy logo styllsh stationery outstanding webslte wiii make task much easier promise ordered iogo company wiil automaticaily become worid leader isguite clear without good products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
"Subject: re : rice / enron speakers for fall 2001 and spring 2002  david kendrick from the university of texas may be good .  martin  vince j kaminski  04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 11 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , iris mack / enron @ enronxgate , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : wangfa @ rice . edu  subject : rice / enron speakers for fall 2001 and spring 2002  any recommendations . please , let me know asap .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  albert wang on 04 / 23 / 2001 12 : 37 : 55 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : rice / enron speakers for fall 2001 and spring 2002  hi , vince :  we are considering a preliminary list of speakers for rice / enron seminar series in finance for fall 2001 and spring 2002 . do you have any persons in mind that you and your group want to include in the list ? finance faculty will meet to finalize the list later .  thanks ,  albert  p . s . : is ronnie chahal still around ? she is currently in my enron distribution list with email address : rchahal @ ess . enron . com . i have received an error message indicating a failure of delivering email to her address .  fu - kuo albert wang  assistant professor  jones graduate school of management - - ms 531  rice university  6100 main street  houston , tx 77005  phone : 713 - 348 - 5404  fax : 713 - 348 - 5251  email : wangfa @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ wangfa /",0,rice enron speakers fall spring david kendrick university texas may good martin vince j kaminski pm stinson gibner hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue enron enronxgate rakesh bharati na enron enron pinnamaneni krishnarao hou ect ect zimin lu hou ect ect iris mack enron enronxgate martin lin hou ect ect lance cunningham na enron enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc wangfa rice edu subject rice enron speakers fall spring recommendations please let know asap vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm albert wang pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject rice enron speakers fall spring hi vince considering preliminary list speakers rice enron seminar series finance fall spring persons mind group want include list finance faculty meet finalize list later thanks albert p ronnie chahal still around currently enron distribution list email address rchahal ess enron com received error message indicating failure delivering email address fu kuo albert wang assistant professor jones graduate school management ms rice university main street houston tx phone fax email wangfa rice edu http www ruf rice edu wangfa
"Subject: you need only 15 minutes to prepare for the night of love .  same medicine , different price !  teachers open the door . you enter by yourself .  the secret of success is constancy to purpose .  it ' s easy to quit drinking . i ' ve done it a thousand times .  love is not love which alters when it alteration finds .",1,need minutes prepare night love medicine different price teachers open door enter secret success constancy purpose easy quit drinking done thousand times love love alters alteration finds
"Subject: re : meet during cmu visit ?  aziz ,  please , contact me before or after the presentation and we can find  a time slot to chat later on friday .  vince  al 3 v on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 59 : 11 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : meet during cmu visit ?  dr . kaminski :  i am a ph . d . student here at carnegie mellon who has a long - standing  interest in the energy industry .  i have recently developed the framework of a simple model for electricity  prices that i would like your opinion on . could you please chalk out some  time for me during your cmu visit this friday ?  unlike traditional electricty pricing models , which assume that the  log - price is a sum of a couple of stochastic factors , i assume that some  fundamentals of the electricity market are driven by stochastic factors .  next , given the current values of these factors , price is determined by  economic forces of profit maximization by price setting electricity  generators . unlike typical factor models , the factors in my model are  potentially observable .  thank you ,  aziz a . lookman  graduate school of industrial administration  5000 forbes avenue  carnegie mellon university  pittsburgh , pa 15213  tel : 412 - 268 - 3681  fax : 412 - 268 - 6837  ( pls . mark the fax c / o jackie cavendish )",0,meet cmu visit aziz please contact presentation find time slot chat later friday vince al v pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject meet cmu visit dr kaminski ph student carnegie mellon long standing interest energy industry recently developed framework simple model electricity prices would like opinion could please chalk time cmu visit friday unlike traditional electricty pricing models assume log price sum couple stochastic factors assume fundamentals electricity market driven stochastic factors next given current values factors price determined economic forces profit maximization price setting electricity generators unlike typical factor models factors model potentially observable thank aziz lookman graduate school industrial administration forbes avenue carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa tel fax pls mark fax c jackie cavendish
"Subject: mgmt 656  enclosed please find the final grade rosters for mgmt 656 . grades are due into our office no later than friday , may 4 .  remember that this is the university deadline for graduating students .  thank you for your help ! - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  - 656 . doc",0,mgmt enclosed please find final grade rosters mgmt grades due office later friday may remember university deadline graduating students thank help pam doc
"Subject: organizational announcement  to help accomplish our business goals , the following management appointments  are effective immediately :  tod lindholm , previously managing director - chief accounting officer for  ebs , will move to corporate as managing director and assume responsibility  for business risk management , it compliance as well as working on a number of  special assignments for rick causey , executive vice president - chief  accounting officer for enron corp .  john echols , currently managing director - risk systems development for ebs  will assume responsibility for accounting and administration for ebs as well  as his current responsibilities and will report to the office of the chairman  for ebs .  everett plante , currently vice president - chief information officer for ebs  will now report directly to the office of the chairman for ebs .",0,organizational announcement help accomplish business goals following management appointments effective immediately tod lindholm previously managing director chief accounting officer ebs move corporate managing director assume responsibility business risk management compliance well working number special assignments rick causey executive vice president chief accounting officer enron corp john echols currently managing director risk systems development ebs assume responsibility accounting administration ebs well current responsibilities report office chairman ebs everett plante currently vice president chief information officer ebs report directly office chairman ebs
"Subject: re : high - end desktop computing ?  hi mark :  please order an 800 mhz machine with 512 mb of ram , and a large ( 17 "" + )  flat - screen monitor for clayton vernon . our co . # is 0011 and our rc # is  100038 . ( is the large screen a 17 "" or a 20 "" ? )  if you need anything else , please let me know .  thanks mark and have a great day !  shirley  3 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2000  07 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 17 / 2000 04 : 25 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  shirley ,  yes , it will be a swap of one machine for another .  vince  shirley crenshaw  03 / 17 / 2000 12 : 17 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  vince :  is this ok to order ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000  12 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  clayton vernon @ enron  03 / 17 / 2000 09 : 34 am  to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  mark -  shirley will order an 800 mhz machine with 512 mb of ram , and a large ( 17 "" + )  flat - screen monitor for me .  clayton  mark davidson  03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 52 am  to : clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  clayton -  sorry it took so long to get back to you . there are a couple of things to  keep in mind :  - enron it supports enron equipment .  - all equipment must be purchased through "" enron it purchasing ""  our current high end desktop is a 800 mhz pentium iii machine with 128 m of  ram . you can bump up the ram to whatever you feel is appropriate . when the lghz processors come out ( in the very near future ) that will become our  standard .  what we want to avoid is getting equipment that we do not have a image for .  the "" image "" is the complete package of software that we put on a machine when  it is deployed . if you go out and buy a machine that we do not have a image  for , we can ' t support it for a multitude of reasons .  hopefully this answered your questions / concerns .  if not , please call me so that we can discuss this further .  thanks  mark davidson  x 39038  clayton vernon  03 / 14 / 2000 03 : 39 pm  to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : high - end desktop computing ?  mark -  i have developed a model for enron that requires ultra - high - end pc  performance ( it does many calculations in excel ) , and my boss has authorized  me to buy whatever pc i need . i ' m looking at the compaq 850 , but richard ( our  floor rep ) says no pc ' s over the 600 series will be supported by it . i need  to resolve this issue ; we are sophisticated buyers , we know the type of  machine we want , and we have the money to pay for it .  sincerely ,  clayton vernon  manager , research",0,high end desktop computing hi mark please order mhz machine mb ram large flat screen monitor clayton vernon co rc large screen need anything else please let know thanks mark great day shirley forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect clayton vernon corp enron enron vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect subject high end desktop computing shirley yes swap one machine another vince shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject high end desktop computing vince ok order forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect pm clayton vernon enron mark davidson corp enron enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject high end desktop computing mark shirley order mhz machine mb ram large flat screen monitor clayton mark davidson clayton vernon corp enron enron cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject high end desktop computing clayton sorry took long get back couple things keep mind enron supports enron equipment equipment must purchased enron purchasing current high end desktop mhz pentium iii machine ram bump ram whatever feel appropriate lghz processors come near future become standard want avoid getting equipment image image complete package software put machine deployed go buy machine image support multitude reasons hopefully answered questions concerns please call discuss thanks mark davidson x clayton vernon pm mark davidson corp enron enron cc subject high end desktop computing mark developed model enron requires ultra high end pc performance many calculations excel boss authorized buy whatever pc need looking compaq richard floor rep says pc series supported need resolve issue sophisticated buyers know type machine want money pay sincerely clayton vernon manager research
"Subject: a visit  professor vincent kaminski  vice president of research  enron corp .  dear professor kaminski  i , masayuki fujita was the only japanese attendee of the energy  derivatives seminar  in houston last december and a member of japanese consultation firm :  mitsubishi research  institute , inc . i would be very honored if you can meet with me 17 or 18  april after  attending energy trading summit in 12 th - 14 th . as you know , japanese  electricity trading is  on the way of deregulation beneficial to the consumers from a long stage of  the nine major  companies ' regional monopoly . we are giving a hand to help the ministry and  industry to  find the right course of them . i and my colleague yamada , who will attend risk  publications monte calro seminar in four seasons hotel , would like to visit  you and your  company for studying the sophisticated risk management at enron . in return ,  we may give  you the information about recent institutional progress and major electricity  companies  response in japan .  we are now personally translating your book "" managing energy price risk ""  second  edition and wondering if you have not given the right to publish in japanese  and nay give  us the chance to help you introduce modern technology to manage energy risk  in the  japanese energy industry .  i do not hope japanese english power prevent me to pass my sincerity to  you and i can  visit you soon .  best regards ,  masayuki fujita  principal financial engineer  financial technologies section  mitsubishi research institute , inc .  3 - 6 otemachi 2 - chome , chiyoda - ku  tokyo 100 - 8141  japan  tel + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0582  fax + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0521",0,visit professor vincent kaminski vice president research enron corp dear professor kaminski masayuki fujita japanese attendee energy derivatives seminar houston last december member japanese consultation firm mitsubishi research institute inc would honored meet april attending energy trading summit th th know japanese electricity trading way deregulation beneficial consumers long stage nine major companies regional monopoly giving hand help ministry industry find right course colleague yamada attend risk publications monte calro seminar four seasons hotel would like visit company studying sophisticated risk management enron return may give information recent institutional progress major electricity companies response japan personally translating book managing energy price risk second edition wondering given right publish japanese nay give us chance help introduce modern technology manage energy risk japanese energy industry hope japanese english power prevent pass sincerity visit soon best regards masayuki fujita principal financial engineer financial technologies section mitsubishi research institute inc otemachi chome chiyoda ku tokyo japan tel fax
"Subject: rabi de  shirley ,  vince decided to have rabi de for a formal interview . could you co - ordinate  with hr  to arrange this ? thanks .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 07 / 26 / 2000 11 : 01 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  07 / 07 / 2000 05 : 03 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : rabi de phone interview  shirley ,  let ' s act on it .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000  05 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 51 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : rabi de phone interview  vince ,  we had phone interview with rabi de . my impression is good . we should invite  him for a formal interview .  he is a hands on person with wide range of experience ( energy financing ,  derivatives trading , hedging , etc ) .  he communicates very well and expressed interest in financial engineering &  modeling .  zimin",0,rabi de shirley vince decided rabi de formal interview could co ordinate hr arrange thanks zimin forwarded zimin lu hou ect vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc zimin lu hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject rabi de phone interview shirley let act vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm zimin lu pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject rabi de phone interview vince phone interview rabi de impression good invite formal interview hands person wide range experience energy financing derivatives trading hedging etc communicates well expressed interest financial engineering modeling zimin
"Subject: re : mobile scanner 5 inl system for corporate usage ( a range of portable scanners )  dear sir ,  we are pleased to announce the launch of new , unique and patented mobile  5 inl system from our most wellknown corporate portable products e - shopping  website for india .  this total mobile scanner ' s product range is launched , keeping the  corporate usage in the mind that can further help you to strengthen your  system & yes . . . . neeedless to mention it will be equally efficient too .  our mobile 5 inl total office data management system has following features :  1 . lightest in weight : just 340 gms  2 . smallest in size : just 10 cms in length and 3 cms in width  3 . fastest in speed : 3 pages per minute and 9 biz cards per minute  4 . highest in resolution : 1200 * 600 dpi  5 . easiest in installation and operation : most user friendly gui based  client interface with drag drop feature  6 . widest in application : bundled with world no . 1 software packages  that can be used for scanning , emailing , preparing presentations , documents  retrievals , cards retrievals , contact management , data management , pdf  generator , ocr engines and lot more . . .  6 . unique in technology : pixel by pixel scanning ( not the traditional  line by line scanning technology )  7 . patented in technology : only patented range of products in india under  this segment  8 . most appreciated by business magazines world wide  9 . has sound track record of satisfied clients worldwide  10 . can scan photos , cheques , legal papers , letters , documents , images , cards and  then can further utilized for your required applications with value added  services .  11 . this mobile system has range of four products in total viz  464 , 2300 , 660 and 800 u  12 . range starts from rs . 6 , 500 to rs . 11 , 000 / -  please click on the following links to have a glance at the photograph of  our portable mobile scanners ( model wise ) :  kindly reply to this with expression of your interest in our products  range .  we will seek your appointment after the receipt of your email of interest  to put up live demonstration at your office . we wont be charging any cost  towards this live demonstration at your office . we are also looking for  dealers across the country ( india ) .  with warm regards  s / d  ms . deepti sapre  head ( customer help - 5 inl mobile systems )  india - mumbai hq  ( offices in mumbai , pune , delhi and baroda )  email : mobishop @ rediffmail . com  cell phones : + 919820640281 | + 919820501457",1,mobile scanner inl system corporate usage range portable scanners dear sir pleased announce launch new unique patented mobile inl system wellknown corporate portable products e shopping website india total mobile scanner product range launched keeping corporate usage mind help strengthen system yes neeedless mention equally efficient mobile inl total office data management system following features lightest weight gms smallest size cms length cms width fastest speed pages per minute biz cards per minute highest resolution dpi easiest installation operation user friendly gui based client interface drag drop feature widest application bundled world software packages used scanning emailing preparing presentations documents retrievals cards retrievals contact management data management pdf generator ocr engines lot unique technology pixel pixel scanning traditional line line scanning technology patented technology patented range products india segment appreciated business magazines world wide sound track record satisfied clients worldwide scan photos cheques legal papers letters documents images cards utilized required applications value added services mobile system range four products total viz u range starts rs rs please click following links glance photograph portable mobile scanners model wise kindly reply expression interest products range seek appointment receipt email interest put live demonstration office wont charging cost towards live demonstration office also looking dealers across country india warm regards ms deepti sapre head customer help inl mobile systems india mumbai hq offices mumbai pune delhi baroda email mobishop rediffmail com cell phones
"Subject: schedule  vince ,  my schedule for the risk 2001 conference in houston is :  arrive sunday 4 / 13 9 pm . ?  staying at the houstonian  depart tuesday 4 / 15 5 : 30 pm .  hopefully , we can get together .  thanks , aram ? ( cell phone 503 - 701 - 6692 )",0,schedule vince schedule risk conference houston arrive sunday pm staying houstonian depart tuesday pm hopefully get together thanks aram cell phone
"Subject: promotion  vince ,  congrats on your promotion to md .  doug",0,promotion vince congrats promotion md doug
"Subject: request from our mexico city office  vince do you or someone else down on the trading floor have a copy  of this book ricardo can borrow ? ? ? if not any other ideas where i  can get it > thx margaret  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret carson / corp / enron on 04 / 18 / 2000  04 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ricardo charvel  04 / 18 / 2000 04 : 02 pm  to : margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : request  margaret ,  first of all i apologize for not sending you the information to complete the  chart that you gave me . i have been travelling because of work and then  vacation , maybe i spent 3 or 4 full working days in the office in the last 4  weeks . now that i am going through my to do list i cannot find that page  that you gave me . could you please send it to me again ?  on the other hand i was wondering if maybe within enron possibly at info  central or with one of your friends at the trading desk you could get me a  copy of a book titled : chicago board of trade commodity  trading manual  isbn : 1579580025  publisher : fitzroy dearborn publishers , incorporated  pub . date : december 1997  it si not in stock at the dot com libraries and it will take them a long  time to deliver . i need this bbok in order to produce a document that steve  kean requested from me a couple of weeks ago .  thank you very much for your help .  best ,  ricardo",0,request mexico city office vince someone else trading floor copy book ricardo borrow ideas get thx margaret forwarded margaret carson corp enron pm ricardo charvel pm margaret carson corp enron enron cc subject request margaret first apologize sending information complete chart gave travelling work vacation maybe spent full working days office last weeks going list find page gave could please send hand wondering maybe within enron possibly info central one friends trading desk could get copy book titled chicago board trade commodity trading manual isbn publisher fitzroy dearborn publishers incorporated pub date december si stock dot com libraries take long time deliver need bbok order produce document steve kean requested couple weeks ago thank much help best ricardo
"Subject: resume and available dates for amy ward  fyi  vince  p . s . charlene , i am in london till wednesday . if you have any questions you  can contact stinson gibner  x 3 - 4748 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 21 / 2000  09 : 49 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner  02 / 18 / 2000 01 : 58 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : resume and available dates for amy ward  vince : here is an electronic version of amy ward ' s resume .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 18 / 2000  01 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  amy ruth ward on 02 / 18 / 2000 12 : 02 : 22 pm  to : stinson gibner  cc :  subject : re : thanks for coming to houston  stinson ,  i am pleased to hear your hr department is putting together an offer for  summer employment . i enjoyed everyone i interviewed with while in houston  and appreciated you taking the time to put together this day .  as requested , i am attaching an electronic version of my resume . ( note it  is a slightly more updated one then the one i gave you earlier . ) it is in  microsoft word format .  my dates of availability are wed . , july 5 through fri . , september 15 ( 10  1 / 2 weeks ) .  sincerely ,  amy ward  - resume . doc",0,resume available dates amy ward fyi vince p charlene london till wednesday questions contact stinson gibner x forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm stinson gibner pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc ravi thuraisingham enron communications enron communications subject resume available dates amy ward vince electronic version amy ward resume stinson forwarded stinson gibner hou ect pm amy ruth ward pm stinson gibner cc subject thanks coming houston stinson pleased hear hr department putting together offer summer employment enjoyed everyone interviewed houston appreciated taking time put together day requested attaching electronic version resume note slightly updated one one gave earlier microsoft word format dates availability wed july fri september weeks sincerely amy ward resume doc
"Subject: re : resume  sorry , i did not know about the jv .  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596  fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312  mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  http : / / www . robertwalters . com  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : friday , january 26 , 2001 3 : 53 pm  > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; stinson . gibner @ enron . com  > subject : re : resume  >  >  > marshall ,  >  > thanks for the resume . we have a jv with peoples , so poaching is out of  > the  > question .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > marshall brown on 01 / 25 / 2001 09 : 04 : 23  > am  >  > to : vince kaminski  > cc :  > subject : resume  >  >  > vince ,  > this candidate would be interested in speaking with you . let me know  > your thoughts .  > regards ,  >  > marshall brown  > vice president  > robert walters associates  > tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596  > fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312  > mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > http : / / www . robertwalters . com  >  >  > >  >  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  > be intercepted by a third party .  >  > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  > the system manager .  >  > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > ( see attached file : laps _ rob . doc )  >  > >",0,resume sorry know jv marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel fax mailto marshall brown robertwalters com http www robertwalters com original message vince j kaminski enron com smtp vince j kaminski enron com sent friday january pm marshall brown robertwalters com cc vince j kaminski enron com stinson gibner enron com subject resume marshall thanks resume jv peoples poaching question vince marshall brown vince kaminski cc subject resume vince candidate would interested speaking let know thoughts regards marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel fax mailto marshall brown robertwalters com http www robertwalters com caution electronic mail sent internet secure could intercepted third party email files transmitted confidential intended solely use individual entity addressed received email error please notify system manager footnote also confirms email message swept mimesweeper presence computer viruses see attached file laps rob doc
"Subject: enron research and ebs engineering and operations group technical  forum  ken ,  i would like to invite you to an off - site meeting of john griebling ' s  organization  and the research group .  date : april 27 - april 29  location : breckenridge , colorado  as you know , john griebling is managing the network design and construction  project  currently under way in ebs . the research group is actively involved in this  effort  which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic  optimization and  stochastic processes ( for modeling and forecasting internet traffic flows ) .  the objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish  transfer  of skills between the two groups , to facilitate cooperation on this project  in the future .  we are inviting joe hirko and kevin hannon to this meeting . we would  appreciate if you could  speak , together with joe and kevin , on strategic directions of ebs . it is  important for a group  of technical people , with relatively specialized technical skills , to  understand the big picture .  i am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting .  vince",0,enron research ebs engineering operations group technical forum ken would like invite site meeting john griebling organization research group date april april location breckenridge colorado know john griebling managing network design construction project currently way ebs research group actively involved effort requires advanced quantitative skills area stochastic optimization stochastic processes modeling forecasting internet traffic flows objective meeting develop common language accomplish transfer skills two groups facilitate cooperation project future inviting joe hirko kevin hannon meeting would appreciate could speak together joe kevin strategic directions ebs important group technical people relatively specialized technical skills understand big picture attaching preliminary agenda meeting vince
"Subject: london visit  i understand that you will be in london around 20 september . tom lewthwaite  has  asked me to arrange a meeting between you , tom and julian leake . i understand  that you have met tom and julian before . i would also like to attend - i am  a  manager in our uk financial services practice with responsibilty for enron  from  a uk financial services perspective . we would like to discuss any risk  management concerns that you may have and any internal initiatives with which  we  could assist .  if you are happy to meet , i would be grateful if you could let me know how you  to proceed ( whether i should arrange timings with you , your secretary , someone  in london etc ) . you can contact me on + 44 20 7783 7446 ( at enron ' s london  offices ) or on this e - mail address .  kind regards  paul day  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .",0,london visit understand london around september tom lewthwaite asked arrange meeting tom julian leake understand met tom julian would also like attend manager uk financial services practice responsibilty enron uk financial services perspective would like discuss risk management concerns may internal initiatives could assist happy meet would grateful could let know proceed whether arrange timings secretary someone london etc contact enron london offices e mail address kind regards paul day internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed
"Subject: all your life # 4 c 55  this is a mime message  content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary = "" - - - - = _ nextpart _ 001 _ 0080 _ 01 bdf 6 c 7 . fabaclbo ""  content - type : text / plain ; charset = "" iso - 8859 - 1 ""  content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable  * * * * * this is an html message ! * * * * *  content - type : text / html ; charset = "" iso - 8859 - 1 ""  content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable  dear candidate , = ao  you have been selected as a potential candidate for a free listing in = ao  the 2001 edition of the international executive guild registry = 2 e = ao =  please accept our congratulations for this coveted honor = 2 e = ao  as this edition is so important in view of the new millennium , the = ao =  international executive guild registry will be published in two different =  = ao  formats ; the searchable cd - rom and the online registry = 2 e = ao  since inclusion can be considered recognition of your career position = ao  and professionalism , each candidate is evaluated in keeping with high = ao  standards of individual achievement = 2 e in light of this , the internationa =  l executive  guild thinks that you may make an interesting biographical subject = 2 e = ao  we look forward to your inclusion and appearance in the international = ao  executive guild ' s registry = 2 e best wishes for your continued success = 2 e = ao =  international executive guild = ao  listing dept = 2 e = ao  if you  wish to be removed from our list , please submit  your request  at the  bottom of this email = 2 e  international executive guild  registration form  ( us and canada  only )  please  fill out this form if you would like to be  included on the international  executive guild , for accuracy and  publication purposes , please  complete and send this form at the earliest  opportunity = 2 e there is no  charge or obligation to be listed  on the international executive guild = 2 e  your  name  your  company  title  address  city  state  or province  country  usacanada  zip / postal  code  day  time telephone  home  phone  ( not  to be published )  email  to  help us in considering your application , please  tell us a little about  yourself = 2 e = 2 e = 2 e  your  business  ( financial  svcs , banking , computer hardware , software , professional svcs ,  chemicals ,  apparel , aerospace , food , government , utility ,  etc = 2 e )  type  of organization  ( m =  fg ,  dist / wholesaler , retailer , law firm ,  investment  bank , commercial bank , university ,  financial  consultants , ad agency , contractor , broker ,  etc = 2 e )  your  business expertise  ( corp = 2 emgmt ,  marketing , civil engineering ,  tax  law , nuclear physics , database development , operations , pathologist ,  mortgage  banking , etc = 2 e )  major  product line  ( integrated  circuits , commercial aircraft , adhesives , cosmetics , plastic components ,  snack foods , etc = 2 e )  note : submitting this form =  will  be made by email , not by use of www = 2 e confirmation of its de =  livery  is made by browsing your outgoing mail = 2 e  thank  you for filling in this form , we will contact you with more  information = 2 e  list  removal  click  here ",1,life c mime message content type multipart alternative boundary nextpart bdf c fabaclbo content type text plain charset iso content transfer encoding quoted printable html message content type text html charset iso content transfer encoding quoted printable dear candidate ao selected potential candidate free listing ao edition international executive guild registry e ao please accept congratulations coveted honor e ao edition important view new millennium ao international executive guild registry published two different ao formats searchable cd rom online registry e ao since inclusion considered recognition career position ao professionalism candidate evaluated keeping high ao standards individual achievement e light internationa l executive guild thinks may make interesting biographical subject e ao look forward inclusion appearance international ao executive guild registry e best wishes continued success e ao international executive guild ao listing dept e ao wish removed list please submit request bottom email e international executive guild registration form us canada please fill form would like included international executive guild accuracy publication purposes please complete send form earliest opportunity e charge obligation listed international executive guild e name company title address city state province country usacanada zip postal code day time telephone home phone published email help us considering application please tell us little e e e business financial svcs banking computer hardware software professional svcs chemicals apparel aerospace food government utility etc e type organization fg dist wholesaler retailer law firm investment bank commercial bank university financial consultants ad agency contractor broker etc e business expertise corp emgmt marketing civil engineering tax law nuclear physics database development operations pathologist mortgage banking etc e major product line integrated circuits commercial aircraft adhesives cosmetics plastic components snack foods etc e note submitting form made email use www e confirmation de livery made browsing outgoing mail e thank filling form contact information e list removal click
"Subject: re : presentation in seoul  anthony duenner @ enron _ development on 12 / 15 / 99 01 : 46 : 35 pm  to : mark ruane @ ect , zimin lu @ ect  cc :  subject : presentation in seoul  better late than never - - i again wanted to thank both of you for taking the  time and making the effort to make the raroc and real options presentations  in seoul earlier this month . both presentations were well received and i had  a number of favorable comments and expressions of thanks form our hosts after  the presentations . i know you both have very busy schedules - - especially  around this time of year - - and very much appreciate your help . regards .  anthony duenner",0,presentation seoul anthony duenner enron development pm mark ruane ect zimin lu ect cc subject presentation seoul better late never wanted thank taking time making effort make raroc real options presentations seoul earlier month presentations well received number favorable comments expressions thanks form hosts presentations know busy schedules especially around time year much appreciate help regards anthony duenner
"Subject: re : my resume  we ' ll get this offer out today , vince .  molly  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 10 : 03 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ enron  cc : kaminski , vince ; crenshaw , shirley ; huang , alex  subject : my resume  molly ,  we would like to bring this student as a summer intern ( the last one ,  we are running out of space ) .  i shall send you another message regarding his proposed dates .  thanks . i hope you have a very happy easter .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zhendong xia on 04 / 12 / 2001 03 : 58 : 25 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : my resume  hi , dr . kaminski :  glad to get your reply . here is my resueme . if you wanna know more  about me , please feel free to contact me . thanks .  zhendong xia  georgia institute of technology  school of industrial and systems engineering  email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu  dengie @ sina . com  tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103  ( o ) 404 - 8944318  - cv . doc > ",0,resume get offer today vince molly original message kaminski vince sent friday april molly magee hou ect enron cc kaminski vince crenshaw shirley huang alex subject resume molly would like bring student summer intern last one running space shall send another message regarding proposed dates thanks hope happy easter vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect zhendong xia pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject resume hi dr kaminski glad get reply resueme wan na know please feel free contact thanks zhendong xia georgia institute technology school industrial systems engineering email dengie isye gatech edu dengie sina com tel h cv doc
"Subject: clear benefits of creative design  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelming ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish stationery and outstanding webslte  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a logo your  company wiii automaticaliy become a worid ieader : it isquite clear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,clear benefits creative design lt really hard recollect company market full suqgestions information isoverwhelming good catchy logo stylish stationery outstanding webslte wili make task much easier promise ordered logo company wiii automaticaliy become worid ieader isquite clear without good products effective business organization practicable aim hotat nowadays market promise marketing efforts become much effective list clear benefits creativeness hand made original logos specially done reflect distinctive company image convenience logo stationery provided formats easy use content management system letsyou change website content even structure promptness see logo drafts within three business days affordability marketing break make gaps budget satisfaction guaranteed provide unlimited amount changes extra fees surethat love result collaboration look portfolio interested
Subject: request submitted : access request for tom . barkley @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data  approver . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000012677  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 1 / 8 / 01 2 : 30 : 03 pm  requested for : tom . barkley @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory,0,request submitted access request tom barkley enron com received email listed alternate data approver please click approval review act upon request request id approver stinson gibner enron com request create date pm requested tom barkley enron com resource name enehou houston common research read write resource type directory
"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel designer 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition  $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe goiive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corei painter ix  $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs  $ 80 adobe indesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  clemmie ",1,graphics software available cheap oem versions good morning offer latest oem packages graphics publishinq software corel macromedia adobe others adobe photoshop cs macromedia studio mx adobe acrobat professional adobe premiere pro corel designer quickbooks professionai edition adobe paqemaker xara x vl adobe audition discreet studio max adobe goiive cs adobe effects standard adobe premiere eiements corei painter ix adobe lilustrator cs adobe indesign cs adobe creative suite adobe framemaker ulead cool production studio aiias motion buiider professional quicken premier home biz adobe photoshop eiements adobe premiere pro learn sincereiy clemmie
"Subject: send the love home with an online photo album  software for system builders , resellers , and hardware purchasers only .  pride sullies the noblest character .  a person should want to live , if only out of curiosity .",1,send love home online photo album software system builders resellers hardware purchasers pride sullies noblest character person want live curiosity
"Subject: new website for an exciting conference  applications of physics in financial analysis 2  liege , belgium  13 to 15 july 2000  the website for this conference is now available at  www . eps . org / apfa  for further details on all eps conferences contact : christine bastian ,  conferences , european physical society , 34 rue marc seguin , bp 2136 , f - 68060  mulhouse cedex , france  tel + 33 389 32 94 42 fax + 33 389 32 94 49  email eps . conf @ univ - mulhouse . fr  this conference is a europhysics conference . it is organised by the european  physical society and its division of statistical and non - linear physics .  - attl . htm",0,new website exciting conference applications physics financial analysis liege belgium july website conference available www eps org apfa details eps conferences contact christine bastian conferences european physical society rue marc seguin bp f mulhouse cedex france tel fax email eps conf univ mulhouse fr conference europhysics conference organised european physical society division statistical non linear physics attl htm
"Subject: re : wti crude price and ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub and new  york city gate gas by month  michael .  thanks a lot for a very quick response . it looks fine .  please , forward it to margaret carson . please , explain the data source . she  may expect nymex as the data source for natgas and wti .  vince  michael sergeev  04 / 11 / 2000 09 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : wti crude price and ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub and new  york city gate gas by month  vince , here ' s the numbers and two charts . the charts represent the same  information but have different styles . one has all of the prices on the same  scale , and the other has crude and resid on one scale and natural gas on  another .  ms",0,wti crude price ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub new york city gate gas month michael thanks lot quick response looks fine please forward margaret carson please explain data source may expect nymex data source natgas wti vince michael sergeev vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject wti crude price ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub new york city gate gas month vince numbers two charts charts represent information different styles one prices scale crude resid one scale natural gas another ms
"Subject: re : 2001 headcount information  dawn :  here it is !  dawn derr @ enron  07 / 07 / 2000 10 : 45 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 2001 headcount information  shirley ,  get it to me as soon as you can . thanks .  dawn  shirley crenshaw @ ect  07 / 07 / 2000 09 : 11 am  to : dawn derr / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : 2001 headcount information  dawn :  i apologize , i have not been able to pin vince down . however , he did take  it with him this morning ( he will be in prc meetings all day . ) and i told him \  you needed it yesterday .  i hope it is not too late . let me know .  thanks  shirley  dawn derr @ enron  07 / 05 / 2000 04 : 09 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : 2001 headcount information  shirley ,  i need the headcount information for vince ' s group no later than thursday ,  july 6 . let me know if this is a problem .  dawn",0,headcount information dawn dawn derr enron shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject headcount information shirley get soon thanks dawn shirley crenshaw ect dawn derr corp enron enron cc subject headcount information dawn apologize able pin vince however take morning prc meetings day told needed yesterday hope late let know thanks shirley dawn derr enron pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject headcount information shirley need headcount information vince group later thursday july let know problem dawn
"Subject: protect your family ' s future and save up to 70 %  10 - year  level  term life insurance  male / female  monthly premiums  no nicotine  $ 250 , 000  $ 500 , 000  age  male  female  male  female  35  $ 10 . 33  $ 9 . 19  $ 16 . 19  $ 14 . 00  40  $ 13 . 30  $ 11 . 64  $ 22 . 32  $ 18 . 82  45  $ 19 . 43  $ 16 . 63  $ 35 . 57  $ 22 . 88  50  $ 29 . 49  $ 22 . 32  $ 54 . 69  $ 40 . 25  55  $ 44 . 89  $ 32 . 12  $ 85 . 32  $ 59 . 94  2002 reliaquote . all rights reserved  life  can change in an instant . don ' t wait until it ' s too late . give  your family the security they deserve today with affordable  term life insurance from reliaquote .  to unsubscribe from our  mailing list , please click  here ",1,protect family future save year level term life insurance male female monthly premiums nicotine age male female male female reliaquote rights reserved life change instant wait late give family security deserve today affordable term life insurance reliaquote unsubscribe mailing list please click
"Subject: presentation on metals  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by leann walton / na / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 10 : 52  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alison sealy on 10 / 09 / 2000 10 : 37 : 40 am  to : mraymon @ enron . com  cc :  subject : presentation on metals  hi maureen ,  it was good to meet you last week and hear your presentation on the metals -  full of advice on what to think about and all the various things that affect  the market place . i am only sorry i had to dash off to the airport - good  job i left when i did though as check - in took ages !  anyway , please could you send me through a copy of that presentation either  on email or if it is located on the network somewhere then i could access it  over the intranet ? i will be joining the lme conference tomorrow so am  currently trying to do a bit of reading in preparation .  thanks very much in advance & look forward to seeing the presentation over  here in london .  kind regards  alison",0,presentation metals forwarded leann walton na enron alison sealy mraymon enron com cc subject presentation metals hi maureen good meet last week hear presentation metals full advice think various things affect market place sorry dash airport good job left though check took ages anyway please could send copy presentation either email located network somewhere could access intranet joining lme conference tomorrow currently trying bit reading preparation thanks much advance look forward seeing presentation london kind regards alison
"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  ali iisted software is avaiiabie for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few examples :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquage !  best regards ,  margarette ",1,localized software languages available hello would like offer localized software versions german french spanish uk many others ali iisted software avaiiabie immediate download need wait week cd delivery examples norton lnternet security pro windows xp professionai sp fuli version corel draw graphics suite dreamweaver mx homesite inciudinq macromedia studio mx browse site find software need native lanquage best regards margarette
"Subject: internship opportunities  dear mr . kaminski ,  i have found the enrononline project a very interesting one and have enjoyed  working with everyone in the research department as well as those from other  departments . i am keenly interested in this area and was wondering if there  would be any summer internship opportunities . i have attached my resume to  this mail for your review and look forward to hearing from you soon .  thank you  ivy ghose  rice mba 2002  - resume . doc",0,internship opportunities dear mr kaminski found enrononline project interesting one enjoyed working everyone research department well departments keenly interested area wondering would summer internship opportunities attached resume mail review look forward hearing soon thank ivy ghose rice mba resume doc
"Subject: re : convergence of the research model  i was curious about the accuracy of our credit reserve model as a function of  the  number of simulations we use . this question , i think , is not so important  when we  calculate credit reserve , because the assumptions underlying our model are  pretty  rough anyway ( here i mean the assumptions regarding price processes ,  correlations , etc . )  this question becomes more essential when we talk about calculating  sensitivities of the  credit reserve to various factors . when the magnitude of the sensitivity is  comparable  to the accuracy of calculation of the credit reserve , what is the accuracy of  such sensitivity ?  i performed a numerical experiment where i calculated the expected loss  for a simple portfolio with one counterparty ( sithe ind power ) for different  number of simulations ( 10 , 100 , 1000 , 10000 , 100000 ) using old research  credit model .  you can see how the result converges and the relative error ( compared to the  result for 100000 simulations which is assumed to be the most accurate ) in  the  attached file .  tanya .",0,convergence research model curious accuracy credit reserve model function number simulations use question think important calculate credit reserve assumptions underlying model pretty rough anyway mean assumptions regarding price processes correlations etc question becomes essential talk calculating sensitivities credit reserve various factors magnitude sensitivity comparable accuracy calculation credit reserve accuracy sensitivity performed numerical experiment calculated expected loss simple portfolio one counterparty sithe ind power different number simulations using old research credit model see result converges relative error compared result simulations assumed accurate attached file tanya
"Subject: oral surgery  vince , anita and kevin :  i went to the dentist yesterday afternoon , and unfortunately , i am going to  have to have some oral surgery .  it is scheduled for 9 : 30 am on thursday the 21 st of september , so i will  probably  be out the rest of the day . hopefully , i will return on friday , the 22 nd if  all goes  well .  just wanted to let you know .  thanks !  shirley  * * * * * *  anita and kevin :  i will also be on vacation next wednesday , the 13 th for one day .  thanks !  shirley",0,oral surgery vince anita kevin went dentist yesterday afternoon unfortunately going oral surgery scheduled thursday st september probably rest day hopefully return friday nd goes well wanted let know thanks shirley anita kevin also vacation next wednesday th one day thanks shirley
Subject: learn to play texas hold ' em and other poker classics on the most popular free site .  - earn $ 100 bonus from partypoker . visit here .  jybwgyay,1,learn play texas hold em poker classics popular free site earn bonus partypoker visit jybwgyay
Subject: more then 70 great pornstars sex movles ! dowlnoad all our collection ! - x 853  come explore the world ' s largest adult studio ! see all the biggest names in porn in exclusive hardcore xxx movies . vivid got the hottest pornstars !  http : / / armful . biz . babylom . info /  - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  boatyard caption configure connecticut  despise catskill brady churchwoman  cannon corpora bahama byzantine,1,great pornstars sex movles dowlnoad collection x come explore world largest adult studio see biggest names porn exclusive hardcore xxx movies vivid got hottest pornstars http armful biz babylom info boatyard caption configure connecticut despise catskill brady churchwoman cannon corpora bahama byzantine
"Subject: anonymous reporting facilities  this is to remind you that various anonymous reporting facilities are  available for you to report violations of company policy and suspected  criminal conduct by any officer , employee , or agent of the company relating  to the performance of his or her duties . these reporting facilities are also  available for your questions , messages , comments , and suggestions .  any policy violation or criminal conduct may be reported by letter , e - mail ,  or voice mail , as set forth below , describing the suspected violation or  criminal conduct with as much detail as possible to allow the company to  conduct an investigation of the reported matter .  1 . letters should be sent to the confidential post office box :  enron compliance officer  confidential - conduct of business affairs  p . o . box 1188  houston , texas 77251 - 1188  2 . e - mails should be sent to the office of the chairman  , s e - mail box :  employees with enron e - mail can access this box by sending an e - mail to the  office of the chairman . simply type  & office of the chairman  8 in the address  box , type your message , and send . your message will be completely  anonymous . if , however , you copy your message and e - mail it to someone else ,  the copy will not be anonymous .  3 . voice mail messages should be left with the office of the chairman  phonemail box . you can access the office of the chairman phonemail box by  calling ( 713 ) 853 - 7294 . if you call from your extension or an outside line ,  your message will be completely anonymous . if , however , you access the  phonemail box while you are in the phonemail system , your message will not be  anonymous .  you may , but are not required to , identify yourself . if you would like to  identify yourself , please submit your name and phone number with your letter  or message . all anonymously reported matters will be investigated and acted  upon in the same manner as those that contain signatures .  the company takes great pride in ensuring that enron is a great place to  work . we encourage each employee to continue to conduct the business affairs  of the company in accordance with all applicable laws and in a moral and  honest manner .",0,anonymous reporting facilities remind various anonymous reporting facilities available report violations company policy suspected criminal conduct officer employee agent company relating performance duties reporting facilities also available questions messages comments suggestions policy violation criminal conduct may reported letter e mail voice mail set forth describing suspected violation criminal conduct much detail possible allow company conduct investigation reported matter letters sent confidential post office box enron compliance officer confidential conduct business affairs p box houston texas e mails sent office chairman e mail box employees enron e mail access box sending e mail office chairman simply type office chairman address box type message send message completely anonymous however copy message e mail someone else copy anonymous voice mail messages left office chairman phonemail box access office chairman phonemail box calling call extension outside line message completely anonymous however access phonemail box phonemail system message anonymous may required identify would like identify please submit name phone number letter message anonymously reported matters investigated acted upon manner contain signatures company takes great pride ensuring enron great place work encourage employee continue conduct business affairs company accordance applicable laws moral honest manner
"Subject: re : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001  vince :  are you just speaking at the one in houston ?  vince j kaminski  05 / 01 / 2001 04 : 45 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001  04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" joanna vidal "" on 05 / 01 / 2001 03 : 43 : 11 pm  to : , "" geman helyette "" ,  , , ,  , ,  cc :  subject : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001  hello speakers !  ?  my name is joanna vidal and i am the coordinator for the financial  mathematics training course being in held on the following dates :  ?  london on june 28 & 29  new york on july 9 & 10  houston on july 16 & 17 ?  ?  i am in the process of preparing the speaker packs which will include an  updated contact information sheet with ? all your details . ? you will receive  this pack shortly after you confirm your addresses . ? i will list them below  and i ask that you please look it over and make any necessary corrections . ?  ?  ? my contact details , for your information are :  ?  joanna vidal  events coordinator  risk waters group  t : ( 212 ) 925 1864 ext . 197  f : ( 212 ) 925 7585  jvidal @ riskwaters . com  www . riskwaters . com  ?  thank you and i look forward to working with you .  ?  duane seppi  carnegie mellon university  graduate school of industrial administrations  pittsburgh , pa 15213 - 3890  t : 001 412 - 268 - 2298  f : 001 412 - 269 - 8896  ?  helyette geman  universite de paris dauphine  finance department au de ka grand ecole  corgy pontois , paris  france 95021  t : 00 33 60 - 807 - 4200  ?  vincent kaminski  enron credit  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  t : 001 713 - 853 - 3848  f : 001 713 - 646 - 2503  ?  peter nance  teknecon , inc .  1515 s . capital of texas highway  suite 101  austin , tx 78746  t : 001 512 - 732 - 7084  f : 001 512 - 732 - 7099  ?  chris harris  innogy holdings place  windmill hill business park  whitehill way  swindon , wiltshire  uk , 5 n 5 6 pb  t : 44 793 387 - 7777  f : 44 793 389 - 7811  ?  spyros maragos  dynergy , inc .  1000 louisiana street  suite 5800  houston , tx 77002  t : 011 713 - 507 - 6589  f : 001 713 - 767 - 5958  ?  ehud ronn  university of texas at austin  department of finance  mccombs school of business  austin , tx 78712 - 1179  t : 001 512 - 471 - 5853  f : 001 512 - 471 - 5073  ?  ?  ?",0,london new york houston financial mathematics june july vince speaking one houston vince j kaminski pm shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject london new york houston financial mathematics june july fyi vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm joanna vidal pm geman helyette cc subject london new york houston financial mathematics june july hello speakers name joanna vidal coordinator financial mathematics training course held following dates london june new york july houston july process preparing speaker packs include updated contact information sheet details receive pack shortly confirm addresses list ask please look make necessary corrections contact details information joanna vidal events coordinator risk waters group ext f jvidal riskwaters com www riskwaters com thank look forward working duane seppi carnegie mellon university graduate school industrial administrations pittsburgh pa f helyette geman universite de paris dauphine finance department au de ka grand ecole corgy pontois paris france vincent kaminski enron credit smith street room ebl houston tx f peter nance teknecon inc capital texas highway suite austin tx f chris harris innogy holdings place windmill hill business park whitehill way swindon wiltshire uk n pb f spyros maragos dynergy inc louisiana street suite houston tx f ehud ronn university texas austin department finance mccombs school business austin tx f
"Subject: re : edith terry  vince :  thank you very much . i hope i get a chance to meet you sometime ,  cheers ,  edith terry  enron / dc  vince j kaminski @ ect  04 / 14 / 2000 01 : 46 pm  to : scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect ( bcc : edith terry / enron _ development )  subject : edith terry  scott ,  i spoke briefly with edith terry from our dc office . there is not a good fit  for my group  but she could be a great asset for you .  i have her resume in case you are hiring and would like to take a look at  her .  vince",0,edith terry vince thank much hope get chance meet sometime cheers edith terry enron dc vince j kaminski ect pm scott tholan corp enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect bcc edith terry enron development subject edith terry scott spoke briefly edith terry dc office good fit group could great asset resume case hiring would like take look vince
"Subject: ppa auction  the government of alberta power purchase arrangement auction of the regulated  generation plants and units commenced wednesday , august 2 nd , and will  continue through a number of rounds over a number of days and possibly  weeks . enron canada power corp . ( ecpc ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of enron  canada corp . , is an invited bidder participating in the auction . for  strategic corporate purposes and as a result of restrictions imposed under  the auction participation agreement and the auction rules ( compliance with  which is secured by a us $ 27 mm bid deposit ) , any information , details or  speculation regarding ecpc ' s involvement in the auction , including whether  ecpc is participating or continuing to participate in the auction or has  withdrawn from the auction at any time , the plants or units ecpc is or is not  bidding on , the amounts ecpc is bidding or is approved for bidding , and any  other information whatsoever about the auction process is to be kept strictly  confidential . in particular , the auction has been followed closely by the  media and may be of interest to shareholders , investors and other  constituents , and such communications are prohibited until after the auction  has been completed and the winning bidders have been announced by the  government of alberta .  if you have any questions or concerns , please contact peter keohane , enron  canada corp . , at 403 - 974 - 6923 or peter . keohane @ enron . com .",0,ppa auction government alberta power purchase arrangement auction regulated generation plants units commenced wednesday august nd continue number rounds number days possibly weeks enron canada power corp ecpc wholly owned subsidiary enron canada corp invited bidder participating auction strategic corporate purposes result restrictions imposed auction participation agreement auction rules compliance secured us mm bid deposit information details speculation regarding ecpc involvement auction including whether ecpc participating continuing participate auction withdrawn auction time plants units ecpc bidding amounts ecpc bidding approved bidding information whatsoever auction process kept strictly confidential particular auction followed closely media may interest shareholders investors constituents communications prohibited auction completed winning bidders announced government alberta questions concerns please contact peter keohane enron canada corp peter keohane enron com
"Subject: enron , case study at nordic business schools  good morning vince ,  could you please provide with some guidance in relation to mark ' s comments  directly below . i don ' t have any recollection of recent case studies that we  could send oddbjorn tysnes - do you know of any ?  i will send him a number of reprints of articles . please let me know if you  have anything at your fingertips . . . .  regards ,  cindy  - - - - - forwarded by cindy derecskey / corp / enron on 10 / 30 / 2000 10 : 21 am - - - - -  mark palmer  10 / 30 / 2000 08 : 48 am  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , michael b rosen / hou / ect @ ect , cindy  derecskey / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : enron , case study at nordic business schools  i don ' t want to spend a lot of time right now , from this office , pursuing  these opportunities . but , if we have some case studies "" on the shelf "" we  could send something to oddbjorn .  thanks ,  mark  - - - - - forwarded by mark palmer / corp / enron on 10 / 30 / 2000 08 : 45 am - - - - -  oddbj > rn tysnes  10 / 29 / 2000 01 : 36 pm  to : "" ' mark . palmer @ enron . com ' ""  cc : "" thor lien ( e - post ) "" , "" julie green ( e - post ) ""  , j > rn bremtun  subject : enron , case study at nordic business schools  dear mark ,  i want to thank you for two very interesting days and a very pleasant  evening in london at the european pr conference .  as you may remember from the session "" ideas forum "" , i presented an idea of  introducing enron ' s transformation from an "" old "" industry / energy company to  an innovative player in the "" new "" economy as a case study at the leading  nordic business schools . i have later discussed the idea with enron ' s head  of the nordic region , thor lien . he agrees that this could be a good way of  raising the awareness of enron in the nordic business community . one reason  for this is that several professors of the nordic business schools are  frequent speakers at business conferences , they are very often sought by  business reporters to give comments etc . if enron becomes a "" top of mind ""  innovative company with these professors , it will help relation - building and  pr work towards the business community .  i understood from you that some us business schools have developed similar  ( ? ) case studies on enron . do you or someone else in enron have access to  such case studies ? if so , would it be possible for you to send us copies ? it  would be a great help for us .  best regards ,  oddbjorn tysnes",0,enron case study nordic business schools good morning vince could please provide guidance relation mark comments directly recollection recent case studies could send oddbjorn tysnes know send number reprints articles please let know anything fingertips regards cindy forwarded cindy derecskey corp enron mark palmer christie patrick hou ect ect michael b rosen hou ect ect cindy derecskey corp enron enron cc subject enron case study nordic business schools want spend lot time right office pursuing opportunities case studies shelf could send something oddbjorn thanks mark forwarded mark palmer corp enron oddbj rn tysnes pm mark palmer enron com cc thor lien e post julie green e post j rn bremtun subject enron case study nordic business schools dear mark want thank two interesting days pleasant evening london european pr conference may remember session ideas forum presented idea introducing enron transformation old industry energy company innovative player new economy case study leading nordic business schools later discussed idea enron head nordic region thor lien agrees could good way raising awareness enron nordic business community one reason several professors nordic business schools frequent speakers business conferences often sought business reporters give comments etc enron becomes top mind innovative company professors help relation building pr work towards business community understood us business schools developed similar case studies enron someone else enron access case studies would possible send us copies would great help us best regards oddbjorn tysnes
"Subject: sas online tutorial  hi -  we have access to the sas online tutorial for the next 30 days . point your  browser to  and use the username "" enron "" and password "" enron "" to enter .  the way this product works is designed for a single user ( it sets a "" cookie ""  allowing you to "" resume "" your place in the tutorial when you re - enter . )  since several of us may use it , we ' ll need to work around this , each of us  remembering where we were before and recreating any sample data sets , etc  necessary for the lesson in progress .  clayton  ps the module eis / olap will be a part of our installation next month , but is  not currently available  pps please remember to use your local browser to browse the sas online  documentation . invoking a browser on the unix server is inefficient .",0,sas online tutorial hi access sas online tutorial next days point browser use username enron password enron enter way product works designed single user sets cookie allowing resume place tutorial enter since several us may use need work around us remembering recreating sample data sets etc necessary lesson progress clayton ps module eis olap part installation next month currently available pps please remember use local browser browse sas online documentation invoking browser unix server inefficient
"Subject: breathtaking image for your company now  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe  of your company by creatinq an outstanding logo , presentabie stationery  items and professionai website . these marketing tools wiii siqnificantly  contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deai packaqes and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,breathtaking image company working company image start visual identity key first good impression help take part buildinq positive visuai imaqe company creatinq outstanding logo presentabie stationery items professionai website marketing tools wiii siqnificantly contributeto success business take look work samples hot deai packaqes see offer work interested
"Subject: avistar users and allocated charges  avistar has been installed globally to provide desktop conferencing .  hardware and installation charges have been allocated by invoice to the  relevant location . the schedule below lists by business unit and rc the  number of units and charges allocated . it will assume the monthly charge - out  process .  the allocated dollars will be depreciated over a three year period to your  respective cost center beginning february 2001 .  if you have any questions please feel free to call or e - mail , sheila glover ,  3 - 3210 , or paige cox , 3 - 5428 .  thanks . sheila",0,avistar users allocated charges avistar installed globally provide desktop conferencing hardware installation charges allocated invoice relevant location schedule lists business unit rc number units charges allocated assume monthly charge process allocated dollars depreciated three year period respective cost center beginning february questions please feel free call e mail sheila glover paige cox thanks sheila
"Subject: clayton vernon  kevin ,  vasant and i talked to clayton about his request for transfer . clayton  received a conditional approval contingent  upon completion of the current project he works on . vasant will formulate  exact definition of the deliverables  and we will hold clayton to it . if he fails to deliver the request for  transfer will be rejected . anything else  would be highly demoralizing to everybody .  clayton has so far produced exactly zero ( no single output was delivered )  though he was advertising  the projects inside and outside the group as completed . i want you to be  aware of it , because i have  serious doubts regarding clayton ' s integrity .  vince",0,clayton vernon kevin vasant talked clayton request transfer clayton received conditional approval contingent upon completion current project works vasant formulate exact definition deliverables hold clayton fails deliver request transfer rejected anything else would highly demoralizing everybody clayton far produced exactly zero single output delivered though advertising projects inside outside group completed want aware serious doubts regarding clayton integrity vince
"Subject: re : d - g energy  karla ,  we may use 1 workstation in london , 1 in houston .  yes , please call ms . geman and ask for more detailed price information .  vince  from : karla feldman 03 / 20 / 2000 01 : 15 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : d - g energy  hello vince ,  i didn ' t know if that was your correct e - mail address listed below on  receiving from outside the company , so i thought i would forward this with a  couple of comments .  she states below that she has enclosed a proposal , however , the only pricing  i really see is in the software license agreement , article 2 , which states  that the license fee is $ 100 , 000 and lists out when you must pay for it . it  then states in article 3 that the fees are set forth in appendix 1 , but there  are no prices in appendix 1 .  i have reviewed the actual terms and conditions to the license and am going  to prepare it as we usually do to send to mark holsworth for review . in the  meantime , do you want me to go back to ms . geman and ask her for more  detailed pricing information or do you have what you need ? also , in appendix  2 , you will need to list the number of sites and workstations you want to  have .  please let me know .  thanks ,  karla  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karla feldman / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2000 01 : 11  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  geman on 03 / 18 / 2000 04 : 39 : 43 am  to : karla . feldman @ enron . com  cc : vkamins @ enron . com  subject :  dear ms . feldman ,  please find enclosed a proposal for the d - g energy  software license agreement in which enron may be  interested . we deliberately left blank the appendix 2  related to the number of sites and workstations it  would cover , in order to let dr . kaminski decide what  is best for enron .  sincerely  - appendices . doc  - contract . doc  h , lyette geman  professor of finance  university paris ix dauphine and essec",0,g energy karla may use workstation london houston yes please call ms geman ask detailed price information vince karla feldman pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject g energy hello vince know correct e mail address listed receiving outside company thought would forward couple comments states enclosed proposal however pricing really see software license agreement article states license fee lists must pay states article fees set forth appendix prices appendix reviewed actual terms conditions license going prepare usually send mark holsworth review meantime want go back ms geman ask detailed pricing information need also appendix need list number sites workstations want please let know thanks karla forwarded karla feldman hou ect pm geman karla feldman enron com cc vkamins enron com subject dear ms feldman please find enclosed proposal g energy software license agreement enron may interested deliberately left blank appendix related number sites workstations would cover order let dr kaminski decide best enron sincerely appendices doc contract doc h lyette geman professor finance university paris ix dauphine essec
"Subject: save your money by getting an oem software !  need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .  best regards ,  shiloh ",1,save money getting oem software need software pc visit site might need best regards shiloh
"Subject: reuters : ecommerce  mr kaminski ,  the 4 reports that you ordered : european gas market , european electricity  market , uk gas market and uk electricity market has now been processed . you  should get the 4 reports in the next week or so .  also , just to let you know we have just produced 23 ecommerce reports  covering all aspects of ecommerce . these reports are very extensive and  have all the latest data on ecommerce which is available exclusively within  these reports .  i have also enclosed a brochure with the title of all the ecommerce reports .  if you have any queries of if i can be of further assistance to you in the  future , please do not hesitate to contact me directly .  regards ,  miss . mychau phan  energy account manager  reuters business insight  85 fleet street  london ec 4 p 4 al .  tel : ( + 44 ) 20 675 7288 / 0990  fax : ( + 44 ) 20 7675 0991  mphan @ rbi - reports . com  website : http : / / www . . com / energy  - ecommerce cat . . pdf",0,reuters ecommerce mr kaminski reports ordered european gas market european electricity market uk gas market uk electricity market processed get reports next week also let know produced ecommerce reports covering aspects ecommerce reports extensive latest data ecommerce available exclusively within reports also enclosed brochure title ecommerce reports queries assistance future please hesitate contact directly regards miss mychau phan energy account manager reuters business insight fleet street london ec p al tel fax mphan rbi reports com website http www com energy ecommerce cat pdf
"Subject: benefits - personal days  vince :  is the following all right to send to the group ?  * * * * * * * *  good morning all :  the question has arisen as to whether enron has "" personal days "" , that ,  you can take in case of repair problems at home ; car problems ; sick spouse ,  sick child , etc .  i checked with hr and the policy manual and the answer is "" no "" , but they  can be designated at the discretion of the supervisor . i talked this over  with vince and he has decided that the research group will be allowed  two ( 2 ) personal days per year to take care of personal business and  not have to take a vacation day , discretionary day , or leave of absence .  if you have advance notice ( such as an air conditioner repair scheduled ) ,  please let me know when you are going to take these days . if an  emergency arises with no notice , please call in and let me know that you  are taking a personal day . it will be coded on your time sheet .  these two personal days will in no way cancel or take the place of , "" funeral  leave "" , "" family leave "" , or "" civic duty leave "" . they are just a way of being  able to take care of repair problems and other personal problems that arise .  these should be very beneficial and i am sure very much appreciated by  all of us .  if you have any questions , please call me .  shirley  3 - 5290",0,benefits personal days vince following right send group good morning question arisen whether enron personal days take case repair problems home car problems sick spouse sick child etc checked hr policy manual answer designated discretion supervisor talked vince decided research group allowed two personal days per year take care personal business take vacation day discretionary day leave absence advance notice air conditioner repair scheduled please let know going take days emergency arises notice please call let know taking personal day coded time sheet two personal days way cancel take place funeral leave family leave civic duty leave way able take care repair problems personal problems arise beneficial sure much appreciated us questions please call shirley
"Subject: itinerary  phelim ,  fyi  vince",0,itinerary phelim fyi vince
"Subject: re : fax machine request ~ 05 - 19 - 2000  we received the new fax machine on yesterday .  we will also send it back today - may 26 , 2000  we will not use the fax machine as planned .  thanks  kevin moore  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 2000 09 : 46  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  05 / 23 / 2000 05 : 55 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : fax machine request ~ 05 - 19 - 2000  goodmorning vince ,  this is a very much needed fax machine .  mike gave approval for the new fax machine , also i spoke with shirley  concerning this matter .  we have some new clients that requires faxes with long distance locations  and the new fax machine will ensure that it reaches them in record time .  thanks  kevin moore  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 05 / 23 / 2000 05 : 47  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  iain russell  05 / 22 / 2000 02 : 10 pm  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  cc : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , lorie  belsha / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : fax machine request ~ 05 - 19 - 2000  kevin ,  jan lynn from pitney bowes will be contacting this afternoon to finalise  paperwork + installation of the machine .  thanks , iain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  kevin g moore  05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 46 pm  to : iain russell / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : fax machine request ~ 05 - 19 - 2000  i would like to request fax machince model - pb 9930 .  the location for this fax will be eb 3240 however , if arrival time is  24 hours the location will be eb 3270 a .  thanks  kevin moore  r . c . # 100038  co . # 0011  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 39  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  iain russell  05 / 19 / 2000 01 : 23 pm  to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , lorie belsha / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : fax machine request ~ 05 - 19 - 2000  kevin ,  per your request , please see below :  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  new facsimile machine information  please take a look @ the following and let me know , which fax machine you  choose or if you need information on something smaller , then i will have the  vendor contact you directly to finalise installation . an enron director or  above { with signature authority to legally bind enron to a contract } will  have to sign off on the contract paperwork before the fax machine can be  installed . delivery times on new machines are normally 3 - 5 working days but  either vendor listed below will be able to provide a "" loaner "" should you have  a business need . please discuss the fax machine install date with the rep  when ordering the equipment .  if there is no existing fax line present , you will need to send a notes - mail  to the move team { erica @ x 3 - 3185 or janelle @ x 5 - 7917 } requesting the  installation of a new fax line . the move team can be found in the notes - mail  "" ect address book "" .  if you are an ees employee , you must first get new equipment approval from  ees budget control . contact susan mcleroy @ x 5 - 8066 or via notes - mail .  if you are an ebs employee , you must first get new equipment approval from  ebs purchasing & budget control . contact paula corey @ x 3 - 9948 or martha  reyna @ x 3 - 3491 . you can reach both of these people via notes - mail .  if you are an ena employee , you must first get new equipment approval from  ena finance & budget control . contact lorie belsha @ x 3 - 9617 or via  notes - mail .  a note on the fax machines listed below :  all the machines listed below come with a 2 nd paper tray and upgraded memory  { maxed by model ~ see below } as an enron standard from each vendor .  all the fax machines listed below have a modem speed rated @ 33 . 6 kbps versus  the canon laserclass 7500 { example only } @ 14 . 4 kbps = new fax machine should  be noticeably quicker .  document feeder capacity of the machines listed below are the same as the  canon laserclass 7500 { example only }  maintenance = models listed below have maintenance / repair coverage included  in monthly $ total . there is no separate agreement ! toner / drum cartridges +  paper + line charges are extra { not quoted }  contract pricing can change without warning , so please let me know asap if a  vendor quotes you a different price to those listed below against the various  models .  if the fax machine is to be used in a trading type environment , here are some  considerations :  no more than 20 people per fax machine = take a look @ the fax machine  placement on eb 30 or eb 31 .  disregard any fax machine that does not have a 33 . 6 k modem and jbig  compression { or equivalent } .  look for memory upgrades & 2 nd paper tray included in monthly cost . { models  quoted are loaded } .  maintenance is to be included in monthly cost { models quoted are covered } .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  from pitney bowes  pb 2050  cost : $ 95 . 00 per month on rental  enron specs : this model has 10 megs of memory + a 2 nd paper tray as standard .  pitney bowes weblink , click here - - >  there are several of these fax machines located through out the enron  building and 3 allen center , including some on trading floors .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  pb 9930  cost : $ 76 . 00 per month on rental  enron specs : this model has 10 megs of memory + a 2 nd paper tray as standard .  pitney bowes weblink , click here - - >  there are several of these fax machines located through out the enron  building and 3 allen center , including some on trading floors .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  pb 9830  cost : $ 55 . 00 per month on rental  enron specs : this model has 5 megs of memory + a 2 nd paper tray as standard .  pitney bowes weblink , click here - - >  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  from panasonic communications direct  uf - 885  cost : $ 75 . 00 per month  click below for machine details { similar to the uf - 880 with 8 megs of memory +  2 nd tray = no handset } :  there are several of these fax machines located through out the enron  building including some on trading floors .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  the above machines are designed for workgroup use .  q ) how many people will be using this fax machine ?  q ) how much usage will this fax machine have ?  { i . e . heavy = 40 faxes per day @ 20 pages / 60 faxes per day @ 2 - 3 pages or a  lot less ? if "" heavy "" , either the pb 2050 , pb 9930 or uf 885 / uf 895 should fit  your needs = if 15 - 40 , the pb 9830 would probably be a better fit }  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  contract details  the fax programs are an agreement between each end user of the fax machine  and the relevant vendor , as follows :  pitney bowes  36 month rental .  30 day notice for termination of contract .  no penalty for early termination of contract = call pb rep . and have the  machine picked up , making sure a receipt is given to you by the collecting  rep .  upgrade / downgrade available = $ 0 penalty .  rep will be happy to discuss details with you and answer any questions on  these points .  panasonic communications  36 month lease rental .  30 day notice for termination of contract before term expiration .  no penalty for early termination of contract for office / department / location  closure .  upgrade / downgrade available = $ 0 penalty .  rep will be happy to discuss details with you and answer any questions on  these points .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  please note the following  the facsimile machine agreement is between the enron business unit / department  requesting the facsimile machine and the vendor .  the user or requester of the fax machine is responsible for invoice payment .  enron property & services corporation is not responsible for the coding ,  processing or payment of facsimile { fax } machine invoices .  in order to return any old fax machine equipment , you must contact the  leasing company that supplied the equipment and send them a certified letter  that terminates the agreement . if you terminate a contract within the  original agreement period , you may be liable for penalty charges as a lot of  fax machines are on a non - cancellable lease agreement . the vendor who  supplied the fax equipment will be able to let you know of any outstanding $  amounts for your existing equipment .  if you are asked to pay outstanding $ amounts , be aware that some vendors  include the cost of outright purchase of the old fax equipment = from the  contracts i have reviewed so far , you are under no obligation to purchase the  old equipment .  ikon contact name for returns :  beth frank : phone = new # - - > 409 - 441 - 1262 { previously 281 - 355 - 6274 }  beth frank fax # = new # - - > 409 - 441 - 1266 { previously 281 - 355 - 5496 }  beth frank e - mail address ~ eafrank @ aol . com  marimon business systems contact name for returns :  don scott : phone = 713 - 686 - 6601  don scott fax # = 713 - 686 - 6676  { no e - mail address available }  * * * please call me or e - mail me if it is a different vendor name on the  machine and i will respond with a contact name * * *  charges for fax machines are dependant upon manufacturer & model , with the  person responsible for the fax machine , paying the invoice . you must notify  the vendor of any changes relating to fax machine assignment { even if it is  within the same group } = who the machine has been reassigned to { contact  name } , the new contact phone # and the location of the machine .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  fax machine supplies  replacement toner cartridges : most of these are available to enron through  corporate express @ savings over the fax vendor invoice price . these savings  can be significant , so please e - mail me if you would like more details .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  please call me if you have any questions .  thanks , iain russell @ 713 - 853 - 6861  contracts supervisor administration  enron property & services corp .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  kevin g moore  05 / 19 / 2000 12 : 42 pm  to : iain russell / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : fax machine  iain ,  please , i am in need of a fax machine .  it was brought to my attention that you  may have one available .  please inform me concerning this  matter , we need one a . s . a . p . .  thanks  kevin moore  x 34710",0,fax machine request received new fax machine yesterday also send back today may use fax machine planned thanks kevin moore forwarded kevin g moore hou ect kevin g moore vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject fax machine request goodmorning vince much needed fax machine mike gave approval new fax machine also spoke shirley concerning matter new clients requires faxes long distance locations new fax machine ensure reaches record time thanks kevin moore fyi forwarded kevin g moore hou ect iain russell pm kevin g moore hou ect ect cc mike roberts hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect lorie belsha hou ect ect subject fax machine request kevin jan lynn pitney bowes contacting afternoon finalise paperwork installation machine thanks iain kevin g moore pm iain russell epsc hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect cc subject fax machine request would like request fax machince model pb location fax eb however arrival time hours location eb thanks kevin moore r c co forwarded kevin g moore hou ect pm iain russell pm kevin g moore hou ect ect lorie belsha hou ect ect cc shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fax machine request kevin per request please see new facsimile machine information please take look following let know fax machine choose need information something smaller vendor contact directly finalise installation enron director signature authority legally bind enron contract sign contract paperwork fax machine installed delivery times new machines normally working days either vendor listed able provide loaner business need please discuss fax machine install date rep ordering equipment existing fax line present need send notes mail move team erica x janelle x requesting installation new fax line move team found notes mail ect address book ees employee must first get new equipment approval ees budget control contact susan mcleroy x via notes mail ebs employee must first get new equipment approval ebs purchasing budget control contact paula corey x martha reyna x reach people via notes mail ena employee must first get new equipment approval ena finance budget control contact lorie belsha x via notes mail note fax machines listed machines listed come nd paper tray upgraded memory maxed model see enron standard vendor fax machines listed modem speed rated kbps versus canon laserclass example kbps new fax machine noticeably quicker document feeder capacity machines listed canon laserclass example maintenance models listed maintenance repair coverage included monthly total separate agreement toner drum cartridges paper line charges extra quoted contract pricing change without warning please let know asap vendor quotes different price listed various models fax machine used trading type environment considerations people per fax machine take look fax machine placement eb eb disregard fax machine k modem jbig compression equivalent look memory upgrades nd paper tray included monthly cost models quoted loaded maintenance included monthly cost models quoted covered pitney bowes pb cost per month rental enron specs model megs memory nd paper tray standard pitney bowes weblink click several fax machines located enron building allen center including trading floors pb cost per month rental enron specs model megs memory nd paper tray standard pitney bowes weblink click several fax machines located enron building allen center including trading floors pb cost per month rental enron specs model megs memory nd paper tray standard pitney bowes weblink click panasonic communications direct uf cost per month click machine details similar uf megs memory nd tray handset several fax machines located enron building including trading floors machines designed workgroup use q many people using fax machine q much usage fax machine e heavy faxes per day pages faxes per day pages lot less heavy either pb pb uf uf fit needs pb would probably better fit contract details fax programs agreement end user fax machine relevant vendor follows pitney bowes month rental day notice termination contract penalty early termination contract call pb rep machine picked making sure receipt given collecting rep upgrade downgrade available penalty rep happy discuss details answer questions points panasonic communications month lease rental day notice termination contract term expiration penalty early termination contract office department location closure upgrade downgrade available penalty rep happy discuss details answer questions points please note following facsimile machine agreement enron business unit department requesting facsimile machine vendor user requester fax machine responsible invoice payment enron property services corporation responsible coding processing payment facsimile fax machine invoices order return old fax machine equipment must contact leasing company supplied equipment send certified letter terminates agreement terminate contract within original agreement period may liable penalty charges lot fax machines non cancellable lease agreement vendor supplied fax equipment able let know outstanding amounts existing equipment asked pay outstanding amounts aware vendors include cost outright purchase old fax equipment contracts reviewed far obligation purchase old equipment ikon contact name returns beth frank phone new previously beth frank fax new previously beth frank e mail address eafrank aol com marimon business systems contact name returns scott phone scott fax e mail address available please call e mail different vendor name machine respond contact name charges fax machines dependant upon manufacturer model person responsible fax machine paying invoice must notify vendor changes relating fax machine assignment even within group machine reassigned contact name new contact phone location machine fax machine supplies replacement toner cartridges available enron corporate express savings fax vendor invoice price savings significant please e mail would like details please call questions thanks iain russell contracts supervisor administration enron property services corp kevin g moore pm iain russell epsc hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect mike roberts hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject fax machine iain please need fax machine brought attention may one available please inform concerning matter need one p thanks kevin moore x
"Subject: your encouragement would be appreciated  the gas and power trading organizations have had a tremendous year .  sometimes we as traders forget some of the crucial parts of the organization  that significantly contributed to that success . i believe the weather group  comprised of mike robert ' s , jose marquez , stephen bennett and dave ryan from  power are one of those groups . these individuals have done a tremendous job  of predicting summer weather along with the route hurricanes would take . the  greatest achievement has been the november and december winter forecast .  they held fast to their cold forecast even when outside services were  moderating . on a score card with all other services they definitely deserve  an "" a + "" . when you are down on the 32 nd floor it would be nice if you would  stop and congratulate them on a tremendous job and their contribution to our  success .  thanks , jim schwieger",0,encouragement would appreciated gas power trading organizations tremendous year sometimes traders forget crucial parts organization significantly contributed success believe weather group comprised mike robert jose marquez stephen bennett dave ryan power one groups individuals done tremendous job predicting summer weather along route hurricanes would take greatest achievement november december winter forecast held fast cold forecast even outside services moderating score card services definitely deserve nd floor would nice would stop congratulate tremendous job contribution success thanks jim schwieger
"Subject: re : recruiting at cmu computational finance program  rick ,  thanks for your message . i am familiar with the computational finance program  and value its high quality .  please , call me next week . the best time is between 7 : 00 and 8 : 30 a . m .  cst .  vince  "" rick bryant "" on 07 / 26 / 2000 01 : 27 : 23 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : "" kevin kindall "" , "" ken keeley "" ,  "" sanjay srivastava ""  subject : recruiting at cmu computational finance program  vince ,  greetings ! i am the director of the ms in computational finance program at  carnegie mellon . i am following up on a conversation i had with kevin  kindall , a graduate of our program , who gave me your e - mail address and  suggested i contact you as the individual making the recruiting decisions  for the research group at enron .  in speaking with the director of the career opportunity center at the  business school , i am told that although an alison bailey from enron  ( mary . alison . bailey @ enron . com ) has arranged for a sizable block of rooms in  which to conduct interviews on campus on december 11 th , there is as yet no  indication of whether the comp finance students will have opportunity to  compete for these spaces .  we are regarded by many in the industry as the top quantitative finance  program in the country . focused on derivative pricing , econometrics , var  and portfolio management , our graduates should be an excellent fit for your  business . i would be happy to talk with you further about our  rogram ( http : / / student . gsia . cmu . edu / mscf / ) as well as our students ' interest  in enron ( the name comes up a lot ! ) . also , if you are interested , we run a  "" speaker series "" on most friday ' s during the fall and spring that would  give you ( or another in your group ) the opportunity to address our students  in an area of interest . such a meeting would , i think , help you better  understand the careers our students are preparing to pursue as well as give  our students first hand knowledge of enron and its future .  when might be a good time to contact you by telephone ?  thank you for your time .  rick  richard l . bryant  director , computational finance program  carnegie mellon university  graduate school of industrial administration  pittsburgh , pa 15213  phone / fax ( 412 ) 268 - 4592 / ( 412 ) 268 - 6837  http : / / fastweb . gsia . cmu . edu / mscf",0,recruiting cmu computational finance program rick thanks message familiar computational finance program value high quality please call next week best time cst vince rick bryant pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc kevin kindall ken keeley sanjay srivastava subject recruiting cmu computational finance program vince greetings director ms computational finance program carnegie mellon following conversation kevin kindall graduate program gave e mail address suggested contact individual making recruiting decisions research group enron speaking director career opportunity center business school told although alison bailey enron mary alison bailey enron com arranged sizable block rooms conduct interviews campus december th yet indication whether comp finance students opportunity compete spaces regarded many industry top quantitative finance program country focused derivative pricing econometrics var portfolio management graduates excellent fit business would happy talk rogram http student gsia cmu edu mscf well students interest enron name comes lot also interested run speaker series friday fall spring would give another group opportunity address students area interest meeting would think help better understand careers students preparing pursue well give students first hand knowledge enron future might good time contact telephone thank time rick richard l bryant director computational finance program carnegie mellon university graduate school industrial administration pittsburgh pa phone fax http fastweb gsia cmu edu mscf
"Subject: re : visual numerics cnl licensing issues  rakesh ,  to confirm our conversation :  please , go ahead and buy a copy .  vince  rakesh bharati @ enron  03 / 29 / 2001 02 : 06 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : visual numerics cnl licensing issues  vince ,  tanya and i feel that there is a need for a constrained optimization routine  for our var related research . numerical recipes does not contain  subroutines where equality and inequality contraints can be easily  incorporated . also , the number of arguments that can be handled is also  limited .  imsl provides a comprehensive library of more than 300 c / c + + statistical and  mathematical analysis functions . we think that it would be of great value to  our efforts and to the efforts of our research group . presently the cost is  aproximately around $ 1500 and mike bothwell ( visual numerics rep ) assures us  as the version is not license protected , we all can use it as long as  simultaneous usage is within the license .  please let me know if you should need further information .  thanks ,  rakesh  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rakesh bharati / na / enron on 03 / 29 / 2001  01 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mike bothwell on 03 / 29 / 2001 12 : 56 : 03 pm  to : "" ' rakesh . bharati @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : visual numerics cnl licensing issues  rakesh , i ' m just following up to see how things looked on this . any change  in status ? let me know i can furhter help you .  best regards ,  mike bothwell  account manager  visual numerics inc .  phone : 713 - 954 - 6423  fax : 713 - 781 - 9260  cell : 713 - 417 - 9069  mbothwell @ houston . vni . com  visual numerics celebrates 30 years  as an independent software vendor  rakesh ,  as we discussed , the cnl 4 . 0 pc libraries are not license managed . version  5 will be . the pc version 4 . 0 can be installed on a network drive and  called from networked pcs . as expected , we would ask that enron honor the  license agreement by allowing only the number of simultaneous uses permitted  by the license . version 5 . 0 will be license managed and can be licensed as  node locked or floating .  with regard to unix licensing , the current version of cnl for unix is  license managed . it can be licensed as node locked or floating . if you  install the libraries on a unix server as node locked , the number of  simultaneous sessions on that server is not limited except by the  capabilities of the machine . a floating unix license would be checked out  by the individual user to be executed on a local machine .  also as mentioned , your investment is protected by allowing you to upgrade  in the future by paying only the price difference between your current and  desired platforms . this upgrade option only applies to licenses covered  under support .  if you have any additional questions , please let me know . i look forward to  providing you the best math and statistical libraries available today to  help you solve your problems and understand your data .  best regards ,  mike bothwell  account manager  visual numerics inc .  phone : 713 - 954 - 6423  fax : 713 - 781 - 9260  cell : 713 - 417 - 9069  mbothwell @ houston . vni . com  visual numerics celebrates 30 years  as an independent software vendor",0,visual numerics cnl licensing issues rakesh confirm conversation please go ahead buy copy vince rakesh bharati enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect subject visual numerics cnl licensing issues vince tanya feel need constrained optimization routine var related research numerical recipes contain subroutines equality inequality contraints easily incorporated also number arguments handled also limited imsl provides comprehensive library c c statistical mathematical analysis functions think would great value efforts efforts research group presently cost aproximately around mike bothwell visual numerics rep assures us version license protected use long simultaneous usage within license please let know need information thanks rakesh forwarded rakesh bharati na enron pm mike bothwell pm rakesh bharati enron com cc subject visual numerics cnl licensing issues rakesh following see things looked change status let know furhter help best regards mike bothwell account manager visual numerics inc phone fax cell mbothwell houston vni com visual numerics celebrates years independent software vendor rakesh discussed cnl pc libraries license managed version pc version installed network drive called networked pcs expected would ask enron honor license agreement allowing number simultaneous uses permitted license version license managed licensed node locked floating regard unix licensing current version cnl unix license managed licensed node locked floating install libraries unix server node locked number simultaneous sessions server limited except capabilities machine floating unix license would checked individual user executed local machine also mentioned investment protected allowing upgrade future paying price difference current desired platforms upgrade option applies licenses covered support additional questions please let know look forward providing best math statistical libraries available today help solve problems understand data best regards mike bothwell account manager visual numerics inc phone fax cell mbothwell houston vni com visual numerics celebrates years independent software vendor
"Subject: project with maria garcia  vince ,  here is a brief about the project with maria garcia .  promigas , in partnership with others , wants to acquire $ 80 mm tvcable  company in mexico .  promigas ' s ownership would be 25 % , i . e . , 20 mm . 10 mm of it would come from  debt .  enron wants to participate this deal by offer promigas loan guarantee in  exchange of call options  on 50 % promigas equity in tvcable .  following suggestions have been made :  1 ) get a market quote for the loan guarantee ;  use credit risk model to price the guarantee internally ;  need to speak to vasant  2 ) find a comparable company , study the volatility  using company value histogram from economics model ( crystal ball output ) ,  i can fit a lognormal  distribution , then find the volatility  3 ) calcalte the call option value , find braek - even strike .  any inputs are extremely welcome .  zimin",0,project maria garcia vince brief project maria garcia promigas partnership others wants acquire mm tvcable company mexico promigas ownership would e mm mm would come debt enron wants participate deal offer promigas loan guarantee exchange call options promigas equity tvcable following suggestions made get market quote loan guarantee use credit risk model price guarantee internally need speak vasant find comparable company study volatility using company value histogram economics model crystal ball output fit lognormal distribution find volatility calcalte call option value find braek even strike inputs extremely welcome zimin
"Subject: london exotica library migration  fyi  - exotic library :  issue : the london version is different from the houston version .  the problem is that some bugs in the london version were found .  temporary solution : bugs were immediately fixed at a local level .  permanent solution : the london exotic version will be replaced by the  houston exotic version .  the houston version is expected to be robust .  sharad ( london research ) is spending this coming week in houston .  when sharad is back to london , the houston version will replace the london  version .  approach : steven leppard is designing a regression testing procedure that  will involve it to fully test the similarity of the two versions .  the procedure is expected to take at least one month from commencement .  hopefully , no discrepancies will be found .  in the adverse case it happens , it will be necessary to conduct an analysis  to decide what is wrong .  if necessary further testing and development has to take place .  rodrigo",0,london exotica library migration fyi exotic library issue london version different houston version problem bugs london version found temporary solution bugs immediately fixed local level permanent solution london exotic version replaced houston exotic version houston version expected robust sharad london research spending coming week houston sharad back london houston version replace london version approach steven leppard designing regression testing procedure involve fully test similarity two versions procedure expected take least one month commencement hopefully discrepancies found adverse case happens necessary conduct analysis decide wrong necessary testing development take place rodrigo
"Subject: energy futures contracts project  hi vince and jason :  please find attached a copy of our project . thank you for an enjoyable and  informative class .  sincerely ,  rishad patel  neeraj hingorani  duane maue  eric van stone  john ganguzza  grant johnson  paulo yoshiura  - . doc",0,energy futures contracts project hi vince jason please find attached copy project thank enjoyable informative class sincerely rishad patel neeraj hingorani duane maue eric van stone john ganguzza grant johnson paulo yoshiura doc
"Subject: re : 6 . 25 30 yr fixed home loan , no points flu  dear  homeowner ,  * 6 . 25 %  30 yr fixed rate mortgage  interest  rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the  best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds  of lenders ! home improvement , refinance , second  mortgage , home equity loans , and more ! even with less  than perfect credit !  click here for a free quote !  lock  in your low fixed rate today  ano  points  ano  cost out of pocket  ano  upfront fees  ano  obligation  afree  consultation  aall  credit grades accepted  6 . 25 % won ' t stay this low forever !  click for your free quote , now !  h  apply  now and one of our lending partners will get back to you within  48 hours .  click here !  to be removed please clicking  here . ",1,yr fixed home loan points flu dear homeowner yr fixed rate mortgage interest rates lowest point years help find best rate situation matching needs hundreds lenders home improvement refinance second mortgage home equity loans even less perfect credit click free quote lock low fixed rate today ano points ano cost pocket ano upfront fees ano obligation afree consultation aall credit grades accepted stay low forever click free quote h apply one lending partners get back within hours click removed please clicking
"Subject: evaluations - enron  please pass this along to others who may have worked with the students .  to : tiger hosts  from : field application project office  the wharton school  university of pennsylvania  re : tiger team evaluations  thank you for hosting the tiger team project , field application project  2001 . this opportunity provided the student team a worthwhile experience to  apply newly acquired skills to a real world issue facing your company . your  dedication and support of the project contributed greatly to its success .  hopefully , by now you have had the opportunity to review the final reports .  please take a moment to complete the host evaluation form available at :  ( use internet explorer )  username : tiger  password : fap 2001 ( no space between )  ( note : case sensitive , please use lower case )  deadline for acceptance : wednesday , april 25 , 2001  your feedback is important to us . it is taken into consideration when  calculating student grades and when implementing changes that will impact  and enhance the program in the future . also , in an effort to insure the  return of meaningful and contributing host companies , we ask that you  indicate your interest in returning as a host next year and the fap office  will contact you in september 2001 .  thank you again for your support of the wharton school and participation in  the field application project this year . we look forward to working with  you in the future .  if you have any questions , please contact the fap office at ( 215 ) 573 - 8394  or email : fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu  sincerely ,  donna piazze  program director  field application project",0,evaluations enron please pass along others may worked students tiger hosts field application project office wharton school university pennsylvania tiger team evaluations thank hosting tiger team project field application project opportunity provided student team worthwhile experience apply newly acquired skills real world issue facing company dedication support project contributed greatly success hopefully opportunity review final reports please take moment complete host evaluation form available use internet explorer username tiger password fap space note case sensitive please use lower case deadline acceptance wednesday april feedback important us taken consideration calculating student grades implementing changes impact enhance program future also effort insure return meaningful contributing host companies ask indicate interest returning host next year fap office contact september thank support wharton school participation field application project year look forward working future questions please contact fap office email fap management wharton upenn edu sincerely donna piazze program director field application project
"Subject: seeking intelligent insight  it looks to me like the market for distributed computing will displace heavy  iron within the next several years . the structure is still very early in its  development , but i think there will be commercial opportunities for enron in  bandwidth and electricity . i would be interested to know what issues you two  would see as the greatest hinderences and possibilities for these markets .  if you would like , please feel free to comment on the attached documents .  thanks ,  mark",0,seeking intelligent insight looks like market distributed computing displace heavy iron within next several years structure still early development think commercial opportunities enron bandwidth electricity would interested know issues two would see greatest hinderences possibilities markets would like please feel free comment attached documents thanks mark
"Subject: re : petronas benchmarking visit  khairuddin ,  yes , it ' s correct . we have experienced problems replying to a number of  messages  sent by your organization ( not just your e - mail address ) . i shall send you  the list of people  who will attend the meeting at a later day . we shall have representatives  from the crude and lng trading  desks , research and risk control .  could you , please , resend me the list of your delegates .  vince  i have invited a number  khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 53 : 53 am  please respond to khairuddin _ mjaafar @ petronas . com . my  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc :  subject : re : petronas benchmarking visit  vince ,  it was brought to my attention that something was wrong with my ' reply to : '  function of my email resulting in difficulties to reply to my email .  below is the e - mail that i ' ve sent to you earlier and i believe this  time , i will receive your reply .  thanks ,  regards ,  khairuddin  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : petronas benchmarking visit ( document link : khairuddin b m  jaafar )  vince ,  thank you for your prompt reply . we have received your fax earlier this  morning . fyi , we shall be sending you the questionaires by next week as we  are going through the final draft this week . could you please tell me who  will be joining the discussion during our visit ? thanks .  regards ,  khairuddin  disclaimer : this e - mail and any files transmitted with it ( "" message "" )  is intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above and may  contain confidential information . you are hereby notified that the  taking of any action in reliance upon , or any review , retransmission ,  dissemination , distribution , printing or copying of this message or any  part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient ( s ) is strictly  prohibited . if you have received this message in error , you should  delete this message immediately and advise the sender by return e - mail .  opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not  relate to the official business of petronas or its group of companies  shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by petronas or any of  the companies within the group .  ( embedded image moved to file : pic 24393 . pcx )  - pic 24393 . pcx",0,petronas benchmarking visit khairuddin yes correct experienced problems replying number messages sent organization e mail address shall send list people attend meeting later day shall representatives crude lng trading desks research risk control could please resend list delegates vince invited number khairuddinbmjaafar petronas com please respond khairuddin mjaafar petronas com vkamins ect enron com cc subject petronas benchmarking visit vince brought attention something wrong reply function email resulting difficulties reply email e mail sent earlier believe time receive reply thanks regards khairuddin vince j kaminski enron com cc subject petronas benchmarking visit document link khairuddin b jaafar vince thank prompt reply received fax earlier morning fyi shall sending questionaires next week going final draft week could please tell joining discussion visit thanks regards khairuddin disclaimer e mail files transmitted message intended use recipient named may contain confidential information hereby notified taking action reliance upon review retransmission dissemination distribution printing copying message part thereof anyone intended recipient strictly prohibited received message error delete message immediately advise sender return e mail opinions conclusions information message relate official business petronas group companies shall understood neither given endorsed petronas companies within group embedded image moved file pic pcx pic pcx
"Subject: re : publication submission question  martin ,  i don ' t see any problem . the article supportsenron ' s position .  please , go ahead .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 02 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 05 / 2001 01 : 01 pm  to : martin lin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : publication submission question  martin ,  let me read it friday . we run our papers by our pr  department to review for any potential conflict with the company line .  i shall fwd it to them .  i think you should submit it as an enron employee with a note  that it was developed when you were at ut .  vince  from : martin lin on 04 / 02 / 2001 11 : 59 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : publication submission question  my supervising professors from ut and i are finishing a paper ( finally ! ) that is based on work done for my phd . all of the research was done while i was a grad student . i have a couple of questions regarding submission of this paper ( to ieee transactions on power systems ) .  1 . should i submit it with my affiliation as the university of texas at austin or as enron ( ena , corp , etc ) ?  2 . what legal or other reviews / clearances would i need ?  a draft of the paper for your review is attached .  thanks ,  martin ",0,publication submission question martin see problem article supportsenron position please go ahead vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm vince j kaminski pm martin lin hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject publication submission question martin let read friday run papers pr department review potential conflict company line shall fwd think submit enron employee note developed ut vince martin lin vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject publication submission question supervising professors ut finishing paper finally based work done phd research done grad student couple questions regarding submission paper ieee transactions power systems submit affiliation university texas austin enron ena corp etc legal reviews clearances would need draft paper review attached thanks martin
"Subject: security request for adding a timekeeper to cost center 107043  attached please find the security request to have anita dupont added  to the research group timekeepers .  she is my backup and needs to be able to do the timesheets in case i  have to be out of the office .  if you have any questions , please let me know .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  3 - 5290",0,security request adding timekeeper cost center attached please find security request anita dupont added research group timekeepers backup needs able timesheets case office questions please let know thanks shirley crenshaw
"Subject: re : get together this coming tuesday ?  dale ,  please , call me on tuesday . my morning schedule is full but i am open in the afternoon .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 : 21 am  please respond to  to : "" vincent kaminski "" , "" kimberly s . watson ""  cc :  subject : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince / kim :  i am flying to houston tonight and wondered if it would fit one or both of  your schedules to get together this coming tuesday sometime for 1 / 2 hour or  so . i really want to reinitiate the conversations marketpoint was having  with john goodpasture and you , and he said either or both of you were the  right people to continue after his responsibility shift . john was quite  positive about the idea of enron acquiring marketpoint narg through license ,  and he implied that one or both of you would be carrying the ball in that  direction after he handed it to you .  would this coming tuesday morning at 930 am be a good time for you guys ? if  so , please give me an email shout at the above address or leave a message on  my voicemail at ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 . i think you will be truly impressed with the  scope and progress we have been able to make with both the short run narg  and the long run narg in which you were interested ( not to mention our power  model ) . the progress is noticeable since you saw it . both long and short  term narg are having quite an impact on a number of gas decisions at the  moment ranging from venezuelan lng , north american lng import terminals and  term , gas basis calculations , trading support , power plant development ,  gas - to - power price spreads in key markets , veracity of heat rate trades ,  bank financings , storage field evaluation , and which new pipelines we can  expect to see enter and which are dogs .  i really hope we can fit it in and get our discussions moving in a mutually  productive direction again . i think narg can help you become even more  successful , and i look forward to working with you .  we have a new office address and new phone number as well . ( we move in may  1 . )  altos management partners  95 main street , suite 10  los altos , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 948 - 8830 voice  ( 650 ) 948 - 8850 fax  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 cellular  give the phones a week or so to get "" debugged "" and then switch over .  dale",0,get together coming tuesday dale please call tuesday morning schedule full open afternoon vince dale nesbitt please respond vincent kaminski kimberly watson cc subject get together coming tuesday vince kim flying houston tonight wondered would fit one schedules get together coming tuesday sometime hour really want reinitiate conversations marketpoint john goodpasture said either right people continue responsibility shift john quite positive idea enron acquiring marketpoint narg license implied one would carrying ball direction handed would coming tuesday morning good time guys please give email shout address leave message voicemail think truly impressed scope progress able make short run narg long run narg interested mention power model progress noticeable since saw long short term narg quite impact number gas decisions moment ranging venezuelan lng north american lng import terminals term gas basis calculations trading support power plant development gas power price spreads key markets veracity heat rate trades bank financings storage field evaluation new pipelines expect see enter dogs really hope fit get discussions moving mutually productive direction think narg help become even successful look forward working new office address new phone number well move may altos management partners main street suite los altos ca voice fax cellular give phones week get debugged switch dale
"Subject: reply to your email / ignore my voicemail  please respond to vince :  thanks for that . i just wanted to get a sense from you who the right people  are and how i can establish effective contact . when he went on to different  responsibilities , john goodpasture suggested i get the dialog going with the  right commercial people in enron . i will be in your neighborhood in the 200  pm time range and will give you a quick call . that will conserve your  valuable time and hopefully get me in touch with the right people . i am  reading this after your voicemail , so this supersedes that .  dale  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 6 : 03 am  to : dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ?  dale ,  i can reserve 2 to 2 : 30 time slot but there is really not much that  i can tell you at this point .  the commercial groups are still interested and are moving  towards the test of the package . as soon as they will decide  to move ahead , we ( research ) shall be involved , helping to evaluate the  product . as i have said , we are not the  decision makers in this case .  i think that we should allow simply the process to run its course .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 59 : 30  pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince :  i will call tomorrow in the morning . lunch or right after lunch would be  great . how would 100 pm work for you ?  dale  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 3 : 07 pm  to : dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com  cc : kimberly . watson @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ?  dale ,  please , call me on tuesday . my morning schedule is full but i am open in  the afternoon .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 : 21  am  please respond to  to : "" vincent kaminski "" , "" kimberly s . watson ""  cc :  subject : get together this coming tuesday ?  vince / kim :  i am flying to houston tonight and wondered if it would fit one or both of  your schedules to get together this coming tuesday sometime for 1 / 2 hour or  so . i really want to reinitiate the conversations marketpoint was having  with john goodpasture and you , and he said either or both of you were the  right people to continue after his responsibility shift . john was quite  positive about the idea of enron acquiring marketpoint narg through  license ,  and he implied that one or both of you would be carrying the ball in that  direction after he handed it to you .  would this coming tuesday morning at 930 am be a good time for you guys ?  if  so , please give me an email shout at the above address or leave a message  on  my voicemail at ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 . i think you will be truly impressed with  the  scope and progress we have been able to make with both the short run narg  and the long run narg in which you were interested ( not to mention our  power  model ) . the progress is noticeable since you saw it . both long and short  term narg are having quite an impact on a number of gas decisions at the  moment ranging from venezuelan lng , north american lng import terminals and  term , gas basis calculations , trading support , power plant development ,  gas - to - power price spreads in key markets , veracity of heat rate trades ,  bank financings , storage field evaluation , and which new pipelines we can  expect to see enter and which are dogs .  i really hope we can fit it in and get our discussions moving in a mutually  productive direction again . i think narg can help you become even more  successful , and i look forward to working with you .  we have a new office address and new phone number as well . ( we move in may  1 . )  altos management partners  95 main street , suite 10  los altos , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 948 - 8830 voice  ( 650 ) 948 - 8850 fax  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 cellular  give the phones a week or so to get "" debugged "" and then switch over .  dale",0,reply email ignore voicemail please respond vince thanks wanted get sense right people establish effective contact went different responsibilities john goodpasture suggested get dialog going right commercial people enron neighborhood pm time range give quick call conserve valuable time hopefully get touch right people reading voicemail supersedes dale original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent tuesday may dale nesbitt marketpointinc com cc vince j kaminski enron com subject get together coming tuesday dale reserve time slot really much tell point commercial groups still interested moving towards test package soon decide move ahead research shall involved helping evaluate product said decision makers case think allow simply process run course vince dale nesbitt pm please respond cc subject get together coming tuesday vince call tomorrow morning lunch right lunch would great would pm work dale original message vince j kaminski enron com mailto vince j kaminski enron com sent monday april pm dale nesbitt marketpointinc com cc kimberly watson enron com vince j kaminski enron com subject get together coming tuesday dale please call tuesday morning schedule full open afternoon vince dale nesbitt please respond vincent kaminski kimberly watson cc subject get together coming tuesday vince kim flying houston tonight wondered would fit one schedules get together coming tuesday sometime hour really want reinitiate conversations marketpoint john goodpasture said either right people continue responsibility shift john quite positive idea enron acquiring marketpoint narg license implied one would carrying ball direction handed would coming tuesday morning good time guys please give email shout address leave message voicemail think truly impressed scope progress able make short run narg long run narg interested mention power model progress noticeable since saw long short term narg quite impact number gas decisions moment ranging venezuelan lng north american lng import terminals term gas basis calculations trading support power plant development gas power price spreads key markets veracity heat rate trades bank financings storage field evaluation new pipelines expect see enter dogs really hope fit get discussions moving mutually productive direction think narg help become even successful look forward working new office address new phone number well move may altos management partners main street suite los altos ca voice fax cellular give phones week get debugged switch dale
Subject: buy cialis online ! get control of your life again !  prescriptions for female sexual disfunction  just turn left at greenland . . .  poetry is the language in which man explores his own amazement .  horses lend us the wings we lack .,1,buy cialis online get control life prescriptions female sexual disfunction turn left greenland poetry language man explores amazement horses lend us wings lack
"Subject: the main list should be :  michael farmer - ceo merchanting ( michael . farmer @ mgmcc . co . uk )  thomas boettcher ( thomas . boettcher @ mgmcc . co . uk )  michael hutchinson - chairman mg ltd ( michael . hutchinson @ mgltd . co . uk )  tim jones - md mg ltd - head of trading ( tim . jones @ mgltd . co . uk )  russell plackett - head of options trading ( russell . plackett @ mgltd . co . uk )  christian schirmeister - director of marketing  ( christian . schirmeister @ mgltd . co . uk )  alex heath - it development ( alex . heath @ mgltd . co . uk )  phil bacon - head of concentrates trading ( philip . bacon @ mgusa . com )  jo robertson - senior executive ( joe . robertson @ mgusa . com )  tom mckeever - chairman mg plc ( tom . mckeever @ mgplc . co . uk )  regards  vince j kaminski  07 / 07 / 2000 22 : 04  to : lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect  cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re :  lloyd ,  yes , this would be very useful . i was told that we should not do any official  business with  mg until july 15 . i don ' t want to violate those rules of engagement and go  beyond casual contacts .  after the 15 th all the stops are off .  vince  from : lloyd fleming 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 51 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re :  no problem - i do think this could wait until mg are more closely integrated  in any case . a useful first step might be an email to relevant trading  staff at mg outlining briefly what maureen does and how she can provide a  service to them . would you like me to send her a list of potential people to  email ?  regards  lloyd  vince j kaminski  06 / 07 / 2000 23 : 39  to : lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re :  lloyd ,  i think that we can arrange a few video conference meetings instead .  i don ' t see a justification for extending the stay over the weekend if we  have an alternative solution .  vince  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : lloyd fleming 07 / 06 / 2000 12 : 37 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  subject :  vince  i met maureen yesterday and had a useful discussion on her role within  enron . i think it would be very helpful to promote the research group  function of the company , particularly given maureen ' s background , if she  could be introduced to some of the main traders down at mg . unfortunately  she won ' t have time to meet with mg unless we can schedule some meetings on  monday .  would you be happy for her to extend her stay here till monday to allow the  meetings to take place ?  regards",0,main list michael farmer ceo merchanting michael farmer mgmcc co uk thomas boettcher thomas boettcher mgmcc co uk michael hutchinson chairman mg ltd michael hutchinson mgltd co uk tim jones md mg ltd head trading tim jones mgltd co uk russell plackett head options trading russell plackett mgltd co uk christian schirmeister director marketing christian schirmeister mgltd co uk alex heath development alex heath mgltd co uk phil bacon head concentrates trading philip bacon mgusa com jo robertson senior executive joe robertson mgusa com tom mckeever chairman mg plc tom mckeever mgplc co uk regards vince j kaminski lloyd fleming lon ect ect cc maureen raymond hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject lloyd yes would useful told official business mg july want violate rules engagement go beyond casual contacts th stops vince lloyd fleming vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject problem think could wait mg closely integrated case useful first step might email relevant trading staff mg outlining briefly maureen provide service would like send list potential people email regards lloyd vince j kaminski lloyd fleming lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect maureen raymond hou ect ect subject lloyd think arrange video conference meetings instead see justification extending stay weekend alternative solution vince enron capital trade resources corp europe lloyd fleming pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc maureen raymond hou ect ect subject vince met maureen yesterday useful discussion role within enron think would helpful promote research group function company particularly given maureen background could introduced main traders mg unfortunately time meet mg unless schedule meetings monday would happy extend stay till monday allow meetings take place regards
"Subject: friday brown bag on derivative pricing  hello all :  if you think any of your people would be interested in the following - please  pass the messages on .  thanks !  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  message one  dear everyone ,  we understand the as members of enron research group , all of us are working  on very interesting projects , some of which are ground - breaking , and we all  keep a very keen mind on any development of new technology . we also find  out , through our own experience , that at this age of information explosion ,  it becomes more and more difficult to have enough time and energy to keep  abreast with most of the exciting stuff taking place in this department , let  alone in the industry . it is also our personal experience that many a  project we are working on has partially been attempted by other members of  this group .  as a remedy , we propose that the research group start an informal brown bag  lunch group meeting , once every two weeks on friday , for about 50 minutes .  it is hoped that it will provide a forum for us to facilitate with new  technology and development , as well as with each other  , s work , so that we do  not have to reinvent the wheels .  we envision the following : in this meeting ( or seminar ) , each one of us will  take turns to make presentations to the group . the topics could range from  theoretical consideration to practical implementation , be it option pricing ,  process modelling , insurance issue , or monte carlo simulation , or anything  one finds fascinating . the presentation material could be papers you have  been reading recently , projects you are working on , some problem that  bothers you , or an idea that is fascinating . you choose your own  presentation style . it could be  everything - you - always - wanted - to - know - but - were - afraid - to - ask , hand waving  style , or it can involve nitty - gritty , detailed derivations , anyway a style  that suits you and the topic . or it can simply be a dry - run for your  presentation at the next risk conference . zimin and alex will take upon the  responsibility of organizing the seminar .  we hope the seminar will be up and running in two - three weeks . for that  purpose your support will be greatly appreciated . please let either zimin or  alex know if you are interested in giving a presentation to the group and  provide a tentative schedule . surely the rest of the group will be happy to  hear your presentation .  we encourage everyone to participate this brown bag meeting , either to give a  talk or just sit in .  zimin lu  alex huang  message two  dear everyone ,  it looks like the proposed bblop has great support and is to have a great  start . vince , grant , , amitava , kevin , clayton and chonawee have promised  to give presentations to us . vince will kindly deliver the inaugural  presentation next friday ( march 31 ) on new methodology for option pricing  ( precise title  tba ) . bblop will start at 12 noon and last about 45 to 50 minutes . let ' s  make this a new enron tradition !  best regards .  zimin ,  alex",0,friday brown bag derivative pricing hello think people would interested following please pass messages thanks message one dear everyone understand members enron research group us working interesting projects ground breaking keep keen mind development new technology also find experience age information explosion becomes difficult enough time energy keep abreast exciting stuff taking place department let alone industry also personal experience many project working partially attempted members group remedy propose research group start informal brown bag lunch group meeting every two weeks friday minutes hoped provide forum us facilitate new technology development well work reinvent wheels envision following meeting seminar one us take turns make presentations group topics could range theoretical consideration practical implementation option pricing process modelling insurance issue monte carlo simulation anything one finds fascinating presentation material could papers reading recently projects working problem bothers idea fascinating choose presentation style could everything always wanted know afraid ask hand waving style involve nitty gritty detailed derivations anyway style suits topic simply dry run presentation next risk conference zimin alex take upon responsibility organizing seminar hope seminar running two three weeks purpose support greatly appreciated please let either zimin alex know interested giving presentation group provide tentative schedule surely rest group happy hear presentation encourage everyone participate brown bag meeting either give talk sit zimin lu alex huang message two dear everyone looks like proposed bblop great support great start vince grant amitava kevin clayton chonawee promised give presentations us vince kindly deliver inaugural presentation next friday march new methodology option pricing precise title tba bblop start noon last minutes let make new enron tradition best regards zimin alex
"Subject: [ ilug ] manuel oko  attn : sir / madan  strictly confidential .  i am pleased to introduce myself to you . my name is mr . manuel oko a native of south africa and a senior employee of mines and natural resources department currently on a trainning course in holland for few months .  i am writing this letter to request your assistance in order to redeem an investment with the south african mining corporation . the said investment , now valued at ( $ 15 . 5 million dollars ) fifteen million , five hundred thousand dollars only was purchased by lucio harper and contracted out to the south african mining corporation in 1977 now recognised as mines and natural resources department . this redeemable investment interest , has now matured since march last year .  since march last year , several attempts have been made to contact lucio harper without success and there is no way to contact any of his close relatives in whose favour the investment cash value can be paid .  since we have access to all lucio harper ' s information , we can claim this money with the help of my partners with the south african mines and natural resources department . all we have to do is to file claim using you as lucio harper ' s relative .  i will like to assure you that there is absolutely nothing to worry about , because it is perfectly safe with no risk involved . please ensure to keep this matter strictly confidential . my partner will file a claim for this money on your behalf from the southafrican mining corporation . when the claim is approved , you as the beneficiary  will be paid ( 25 % ) of the total amouth .  since this money can be paid directly into any bank account of your choice , you have responsibility to ensure that my partner and ireceive ( 70 % ) of the total amouth . while the balance ( 5 % ) will be set aside for any unforseen expenses in the cause of transfering this money .  i will appreciate if you can give your assurance and guarantee that our share will be well secured . please for the sake of confidentiality , reach me on my e - mail address : manuelokol 000 @ netscape . net . please let me know if this proposal is acceptable to you . kindly reach me immediately with any of the stated contact addresses so that better clearifications  relating to the transaction will be explained to you .  truly yours  manuel oko  - -  irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug manuel oko attn sir madan strictly confidential pleased introduce name mr manuel oko native south africa senior employee mines natural resources department currently trainning course holland months writing letter request assistance order redeem investment south african mining corporation said investment valued million dollars fifteen million five hundred thousand dollars purchased lucio harper contracted south african mining corporation recognised mines natural resources department redeemable investment interest matured since march last year since march last year several attempts made contact lucio harper without success way contact close relatives whose favour investment cash value paid since access lucio harper information claim money help partners south african mines natural resources department file claim using lucio harper relative like assure absolutely nothing worry perfectly safe risk involved please ensure keep matter strictly confidential partner file claim money behalf southafrican mining corporation claim approved beneficiary paid total amouth since money paid directly bank account choice responsibility ensure partner ireceive total amouth balance set aside unforseen expenses cause transfering money appreciate give assurance guarantee share well secured please sake confidentiality reach e mail address manuelokol netscape net please let know proposal acceptable kindly reach immediately stated contact addresses better clearifications relating transaction explained truly manuel oko irish linux users group ilug linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo ilug un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: re : is this data of interest to any of you ?  yannis ,  it makes a lot of sense to get this info .  also , you are welcome to make a presentation to the group this thursday at  lunch .  please , call shirley crenshaw ( x 3 - 5290 ) to coordinate and order sandwich  you would like to have .  vince  joe , can you , please , babysit this presentation ( make sure we have all the  audiovisual  equipment we need , etc . ) .  vince  yannis tzamouranis  03 / 28 / 2000 02 : 50 pm  to : yannis tzamouranis / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  subject : is this data of interest to any of you ?  fyi :  the following file describes the contents of the monthly energy review  ( application , current , and historical ) .  the data is available through a doe site and we can get it for free and  incorporate it in the lim database , if there is interest .  review the attached file ( look for keywords of interest ) and let us know  whether need dictates loading these datasets .  for the  market analysis and infomration management group ,  yannis c . tzamouranis  enron it",0,data interest yannis makes lot sense get info also welcome make presentation group thursday lunch please call shirley crenshaw x coordinate order sandwich would like vince joe please babysit presentation make sure audiovisual equipment need etc vince yannis tzamouranis pm yannis tzamouranis hou ect ect cc bcc vince j kaminski hou ect subject data interest fyi following file describes contents monthly energy review application current historical data available doe site get free incorporate lim database interest review attached file look keywords interest let us know whether need dictates loading datasets market analysis infomration management group yannis c tzamouranis enron
"Subject: conference  steve ,  the slides are ok . how are the negotiations with risk proceeding ?  they had recently many changes ( firing people ) .  vince",0,conference steve slides ok negotiations risk proceeding recently many changes firing people vince
"Subject: benchmarking questionnaires  vince ,  attached are two sets of benchmarking questionnaires for your kind perusal .  regards ,  khairuddin  ( see attached file : q _ bench _ rms . doc ) ( see attached file : feb 5 - 17 , 2001 . doc )  disclaimer : this e - mail and any files transmitted with it ( "" message "" )  is intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above and may  contain confidential information . you are hereby notified that the  taking of any action in reliance upon , or any review , retransmission ,  dissemination , distribution , printing or copying of this message or any  part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient ( s ) is strictly  prohibited . if you have received this message in error , you should  delete this message immediately and advise the sender by return e - mail .  opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not  relate to the official business of petronas or its group of companies  shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by petronas or any of  the companies within the group .  ( embedded image moved to file : pic 24962 . pcx )  - q _ bench _ rms . doc  - feb 5 - 17 , 2001 . doc  - pic 24962 . pcx",0,benchmarking questionnaires vince attached two sets benchmarking questionnaires kind perusal regards khairuddin see attached file q bench rms doc see attached file feb doc disclaimer e mail files transmitted message intended use recipient named may contain confidential information hereby notified taking action reliance upon review retransmission dissemination distribution printing copying message part thereof anyone intended recipient strictly prohibited received message error delete message immediately advise sender return e mail opinions conclusions information message relate official business petronas group companies shall understood neither given endorsed petronas companies within group embedded image moved file pic pcx q bench rms doc feb doc pic pcx
"Subject: computer  hello again ,  the computer i mentioned earlier will  remain at the location eb 3239 d however ,  it belongs to us ,  i got with chris and it is not really in  his way at this point .  fyi - computer # 002813  monitor # 202803  kevin moore",0,computer hello computer mentioned earlier remain location eb however belongs us got chris really way point fyi computer monitor kevin moore
"Subject: re : waco visit  great . why don ' t you plan on getting here by 3 : 00 p . m . ( or sooner ) . we ' ll  do a little seminar at 4 for the faculty ( perhaps outlining your thoughts  on the paper we are preparing ) . we ' ll do the class 6 - 7 : 30 or so ( i ' ll get  you to your hotel for i teach until 10 pm ) . then we ' ll put in time tue  working on the paper .  john  at 03 : 22 pm 10 / 10 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > per our discussion , nov 13 is fine .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 10 / 09 / 2000 05 : 27 : 30 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : waco visit  >  >  > vince ,  >  > i have penciled you in for nov 13 th for my class . does this work for you ?  > this is a monday and i would suggest you come up monday afternoon , you can  > give a brief talk to our department late in the afternoon , and then you can  > talk to my ex mbas at 6 p . m . for an hour or so . i ' ll get you to the hotel  > for the evening and we can work on the paper tuesday morning . i recommend  > this mon noon through tue noon arrangement since i will be out of town the  > weekend before the 13 th . if this needs reshuffling let me know . we ' ll  > make it work .  >  > i look forward to talking with you later this week along with mark palmer .  >  > john  >  >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0,waco visit great plan getting p sooner little seminar faculty perhaps outlining thoughts paper preparing class get hotel teach pm put time tue working paper john pm wrote john per discussion nov fine vince john martin pm vkamins enron com cc subject waco visit vince penciled nov th class work monday would suggest come monday afternoon give brief talk department late afternoon talk ex mbas p hour get hotel evening work paper tuesday morning recommend mon noon tue noon arrangement since town weekend th needs reshuffling let know make work look forward talking later week along mark palmer john john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html john martin carr p collins chair finance finance department baylor university po box waco tx office fax j martin baylor edu web http hsb baylor edu html martinj home html
"Subject: re : costless collar for hanover  bob ,  good job .  zimin  bob lee @ enron  01 / 11 / 2001 08 : 10 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : costless collar for hanover  fyi - looks like we ' ve converged .  bob  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob lee / na / enron on 01 / 11 / 2001 07 : 04 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : chris loehr @ ect on 01 / 10 / 2001 04 : 50 pm  to : ron baker / corp / enron @ enron  cc : anne yaeger / hou / ect @ ect , ryan siurek / corp / enron @ enron , wes  colwell / hou / ect @ ect , bob lee / na / enron @ enron  subject : costless collar for hanover  ryan and i have looked at the research model and made some adjustments .  the treasury rate at 12 / 28 / 00 was 5 . 127 % ( research uses 4 . 6 % which probably  takes into account the recent fed 50 bp cut )  the maturity is 6 / 30 / 03 or 2 . 5 years ( research uses 3 years )  using these assumptions and a 47 . 2 % volatility in the bloomberg collar  function results in a ceiling of 92 103 / 256 and a floor of 34 7 / 8 . after  adjusting the research model for the changes above , ryan and i got a similar  range from the research model so we are comfortable with these numbers .  let me know if there are any questions .  chris  x 33092  ron baker @ enron  01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 52 am  to : wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , ryan siurek / corp / enron @ enron , chris  loehr / hou / ect @ ect , anne yaeger / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : costless collar  attached is the updated valuation from bob lee in research using the actual  3 - year historical vol . of 47 . 2 which results in a call strike of 97 . 978 .  also , he has confirmed that the presence of the swap has no impact on the  value of the collar . let me know if you have questions . thanks ,  ron  - - - - - forwarded by ron baker / corp / enron on 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 28 am - - - - -  bob lee  01 / 10 / 2001 08 : 44 am  to : andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , ron baker / corp / enron @ enron  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : costless collar  here ' s the calculation using the historical volatility . the strike drops  slightly . the volatility in the calculation is the expected future  vol ; atility - looking at traded options for hc and an expected fall off in  vol for long dated options , one could justify a vol estimate in the range 40  - 50 % for the collar .  the presence of the swap makes no difference on the collar valuation .  bob",0,costless collar hanover bob good job zimin bob lee enron zimin lu hou ect ect cc subject costless collar hanover fyi looks like converged bob forwarded bob lee na enron chris loehr ect pm ron baker corp enron enron cc anne yaeger hou ect ect ryan siurek corp enron enron wes colwell hou ect ect bob lee na enron enron subject costless collar hanover ryan looked research model made adjustments treasury rate research uses probably takes account recent fed bp cut maturity years research uses years using assumptions volatility bloomberg collar function results ceiling floor adjusting research model changes ryan got similar range research model comfortable numbers let know questions chris x ron baker enron wes colwell hou ect ect ryan siurek corp enron enron chris loehr hou ect ect anne yaeger hou ect ect cc subject costless collar attached updated valuation bob lee research using actual year historical vol results call strike also confirmed presence swap impact value collar let know questions thanks ron forwarded ron baker corp enron bob lee andrea v reed hou ect ect ron baker corp enron enron cc zimin lu hou ect ect subject costless collar calculation using historical volatility strike drops slightly volatility calculation expected future vol atility looking traded options hc expected fall vol long dated options one could justify vol estimate range collar presence swap makes difference collar valuation bob
"Subject: status  vasant -  i hope you had a wonderful vacation back home , and are rested and recovered  from the long flight back .  i wanted to give you an update of the eol project , the gas model , and of my  intentions here at enron .  software ( in compiled c on the unix platform ) has been developed and debugged  to listen to the eol trades , process them , book them , and file them away . in  addition , software has been developed and debugged to mark these to market on  a continual basis , and to store the entirety of open positions on eol in a  dynamic matrix facilitating analysis . it has yet to get back with me on how  the software can be informed of those trades ultimately rejected for credit  purposes .  these data files are stored in a format for reading by excel or by sas , for  which i have written the data step program and basic tabulation routines  elucidating the structure of the data .  i am in the process of documenting all of this for you .  with regards the gas model and its slow performance on the compaq , dell has  agreed to loan me one of their competing machines to the compaq , to see if  the performance issue of the lp is related to the compaq . i have been  researching this issue with it here and with compaq and dell . the new machine  will be here any day now ( no financial obligation to anyone ) , and i will be  able to immediately ascertain whether the problem the model is having is  compaq - specific .  i am also in the process of documenting the gas model for you .  i ' ve tried to do my best for you , vasant , but i have been frustrated by not  only the death of my mother but some internal systems in it here . just the  other day , sas could not open a full query of the eol database because there  wasn ' t enough free space on the server ' s hard drive for the workfiles . in  discussing some of these issues with some good friends of mine in power  trading , people whom i have known for over 10 years , they indicated they were  ubiquitous here . the power traders have similar pc ' s to my new one , and they  have complained from day 1 that theirs are slower than their old ones . also ,  there remains a large frustration with the development of data warehouses ;  during my brief tenure here it has gone through two differing proposals as to  how to address this . when i have been told of tools available for real - time  data harvesting , my requests for such have typically been met with "" well , we  have it , but we haven ' t really tested it yet . "" an example is the weather : we  still do not record to disk the hourly nws observations from the goes  satellite .  my interests here are to help enron to do well , because i will do well only  if enron does well . these aren ' t empty words - my ira is 100 % invested in the  enron stock fund . i believe my best contributions to enron will be in the  areas of systems as well as modeling , and the difficulty working in the  research group , in terms of systems development , is that , frankly , few people  at enron seem to care what a researcher thinks about our systems . we aren ' t  directly generating revenues for enron , and we aren ' t really their customers ,  except in our relatively small deparrtmental infrastructure expenses .  as it happens , power trading posted an opening for a modeling and forecasting  person , and i spoke with them and they asked me to take the job , reporting to  george hopley . it is a wonderful opportunity for me , vasant , as they are  interested in large system modelng of power grids as well as improving their  traders ' access to real - time fundamentals data . i was completely candid with  kevin presto regarding my shortcomings here in research - i told him you were  disgusted with me because i repeatedly failed to meet time deadlines . they  also understand i have yet to be at enron for 1 year , and thus may only bid  on a job with your permission . we agree the move is good for enron ; we all  work for enron , and your acquiescence to the move does not endorse it but  merely permit it . they are comfortable with me - they have known me for years  as a hard worker , honest and unpretensive . they have already ordered a  state - of - the - art unix workstation and server for me , and they have told me  they will commit whatever resources are necessary for me to be successful ,  including hiring an analyst to work for me . and , i have already been able to  teach their analysts improved techniques for data harvesting and analysis i  have learned here .  so , i am requesting your permission to bid for this job opening . it would be  a lateral move in position and salary , and i would commit to you to help you  in any way possible in the future with regards the gas model or the eol  database . i will continue to work on their improvement , and complete their  documentation .  as it happens , i am away on enron business in portland monday and tuesday ,  and will be back wednesday . i had wanted to talk face - to - face instead of by  email , but enron business supercedes - i am on a team designing the data  warehouse for floor trader support .  clayton .",0,status vasant hope wonderful vacation back home rested recovered long flight back wanted give update eol project gas model intentions enron software compiled c unix platform developed debugged listen eol trades process book file away addition software developed debugged mark market continual basis store entirety open positions eol dynamic matrix facilitating analysis yet get back software informed trades ultimately rejected credit purposes data files stored format reading excel sas written data step program basic tabulation routines elucidating structure data process documenting regards gas model slow performance compaq dell agreed loan one competing machines compaq see performance issue lp related compaq researching issue compaq dell new machine day financial obligation anyone able immediately ascertain whether problem model compaq specific also process documenting gas model tried best vasant frustrated death mother internal systems day sas could open full query eol database enough free space server hard drive workfiles discussing issues good friends mine power trading people known years indicated ubiquitous power traders similar pc new one complained day slower old ones also remains large frustration development data warehouses brief tenure gone two differing proposals address told tools available real time data harvesting requests typically met well really tested yet example weather still record disk hourly nws observations goes satellite interests help enron well well enron well empty words ira invested enron stock fund believe best contributions enron areas systems well modeling difficulty working research group terms systems development frankly people enron seem care researcher thinks systems directly generating revenues enron really customers except relatively small deparrtmental infrastructure expenses happens power trading posted opening modeling forecasting person spoke asked take job reporting george hopley wonderful opportunity vasant interested large system modelng power grids well improving traders access real time fundamentals data completely candid kevin presto regarding shortcomings research told disgusted repeatedly failed meet time deadlines also understand yet enron year thus may bid job permission agree move good enron work enron acquiescence move endorse merely permit comfortable known years hard worker honest unpretensive already ordered state art unix workstation server told commit whatever resources necessary successful including hiring analyst work already able teach analysts improved techniques data harvesting analysis learned requesting permission bid job opening would lateral move position salary would commit help way possible future regards gas model eol database continue work improvement complete documentation happens away enron business portland monday tuesday back wednesday wanted talk face face instead email enron business supercedes team designing data warehouse floor trader support clayton
"Subject: vince ,  congratulations on your promotion !  regards ,  nh",0,vince congratulations promotion regards nh
"Subject: california power update 1 / 17 / 01 pt . iii  1 . california ag exploring investigation of power profits  sources report that the california attorney general ' s office , in a meeting  yesterday , ordered a review of the federal profiteering statute . in keeping  with the recent  rhetoric by gov . davis , this action is almost certainly directed toward  investigations of profits made by generators and marketers .  2 . more detail on bankruptcy - creditors concerned about lengthy "" cure period ""  the generators want to limit their exposure as general creditors in a chapter  11 proceeding . their ability to their exposure depends on the "" cure period ""  for  making good on a defaulted payment , which would be dictated by the specific  contract terms . if the "" cure period "" - that is , the time the utilities have  available to  make up for missed payments before the generators or the power exchange can  take them to court - is a short period of time , for the sake of argument 30  days , then the utilities ' creditors have to swallow another 30 days of  accumulated ( impaired ) receivables before they can move to the more  desirable position of postpetition suppliers ( in which bills do get paid , as  would be directed by the bankruptcy court judge ) . if , however , the utilities  have a longer "" cure period "" , for the sake of argument 60 days , then their  creditors will effectively have to swallow 60 days of accumulated impaired  receivables on which they will ultimately have to take a substantial haircut .",0,california power update pt iii california ag exploring investigation power profits sources report california attorney general office meeting yesterday ordered review federal profiteering statute keeping recent rhetoric gov davis action almost certainly directed toward investigations profits made generators marketers detail bankruptcy creditors concerned lengthy cure period generators want limit exposure general creditors chapter proceeding ability exposure depends cure period making good defaulted payment would dictated specific contract terms cure period time utilities available make missed payments generators power exchange take court short period time sake argument days utilities creditors swallow another days accumulated impaired receivables move desirable position postpetition suppliers bills get paid would directed bankruptcy court judge however utilities longer cure period sake argument days creditors effectively swallow days accumulated impaired receivables ultimately take substantial haircut
"Subject: ees operational risk  per our conversation , here is the model that i have for simon . the notes  that i gave you were from some work i did back in september as i was looking  for volume numbers . the notes show what drives the final cash flow numbers .  briefly , the issue surrounds exactly what is meant by nonmarket and  noncredit risk . ideally , this would be anything that effects npv of the  deal . however , i think that we should limit ourselves to those things that  effect the time and amount of the eam volumes . even here , such a problem set  is quite large . if you glance at the spreadsheet model , you will notice that  there exists a large number of possible items that effect the eam volumes .  if we are to do this rigorously , then it is necessary to tear apart ees ' s  business model , and although such an attempt to do so would be noble , the  scope of such an excercise may be too large . we need a clear definition of  ees operational risk .  briefly , from the ees deals that i have looked at , two things drive their  profit : a long term bet that power prices will go down , and that we can  improve the facility through various enhancements . each of these may be  gleaned from the spreadsheet , as well as the assumptions regarding the  funding of the facility improvements and so on . 95 % of the savings is  assumed to come from power , and 5 % from gas . ( the effeciency gain may not be  explicitly given ) . if we have data that show the realized efficiency gains ,  then it would be simple [ in principle ] to determine a distribution , and hence  a distribution of eam volumes , npv ' s , etc . at this time , i understand that  rac has determined some of the realized efficiency gains , but my knowledge is  quite sketchy . jay hachen may have more info .  if i get a chance , i will try to see if i can do a "" proof of concept ""  excercise , but i have a late january deadline on something else .  another point : even if we are successful in doing this for the spreadsheet  model , ees has chosen to book things differently . i do not have a thorough  understanding of their it systems , but at least in principle , if we can do  this for the spreadsheet model , then we can do it in their it environment  ( data are data are data ) . they may book efficiency gains through improvement  type , such as gains due to compressors , chillers , boilers , etc . if this is  indeed the case , then we need to have distributions for each type of  improvement .  if we are successful on the spreadsheet and not successful with their it  systems , then the other alternative is to build our own reporting system . it  would be similar to a database where the recordsets are replaced by excel  workbooks . it can be constructed in such a way as to enable us to run  simulations and queries , but this would probably take me about five or six  weeks .  finally , don hawkins does operational audits for enron ' s physical assets .  he sends out teams to audit our pipelines and strategic assets . i don ' t  think that he does it for ees , but you might want to give him a call anyway .  - kevin k .  ps : the ees lunch meeting has been moved to wednesdays . jay hachen will  know more .",0,ees operational risk per conversation model simon notes gave work back september looking volume numbers notes show drives final cash flow numbers briefly issue surrounds exactly meant nonmarket noncredit risk ideally would anything effects npv deal however think limit things effect time amount eam volumes even problem set quite large glance spreadsheet model notice exists large number possible items effect eam volumes rigorously necessary tear apart ees business model although attempt would noble scope excercise may large need clear definition ees operational risk briefly ees deals looked two things drive profit long term bet power prices go improve facility various enhancements may gleaned spreadsheet well assumptions regarding funding facility improvements savings assumed come power gas effeciency gain may explicitly given data show realized efficiency gains would simple principle determine distribution hence distribution eam volumes npv etc time understand rac determined realized efficiency gains knowledge quite sketchy jay hachen may info get chance try see proof concept excercise late january deadline something else another point even successful spreadsheet model ees chosen book things differently thorough understanding systems least principle spreadsheet model environment data data data may book efficiency gains improvement type gains due compressors chillers boilers etc indeed case need distributions type improvement successful spreadsheet successful systems alternative build reporting system would similar database recordsets replaced excel workbooks constructed way enable us run simulations queries would probably take five six weeks finally hawkins operational audits enron physical assets sends teams audit pipelines strategic assets think ees might want give call anyway kevin k ps ees lunch meeting moved wednesdays jay hachen know
"Subject: [ ilug ] deal  subject :  urgent concern pls .  i am a serious officer with one of our main branches of citi bank ,  consumer banking department . although we didn ' t have previous correspondence till date .  however , based on the standard value place on everything about you , i believed we could discuss , analyze and execute this transaction . the transaction is thus :  i ' ve a wealthy client , an american citizen who had been residing in west africa for decades now , he operates a fix deposit account with us which i am his account officer , and also  receives standing orders for his chains of dividends share .  however , this client mr . david brown died as an out come of heart attack , and the funds in his current account has been claimed by his family , who had gone back finally to usa .  at the end of fiscal year , march 2001 , an accumulated share of us $ 12 . 360 m was transferred into his account from the stock exchange .  this was alone the instructions we issued to the stock house to dispose all his stocks .  now the funds has arrived , i needed an associate whom i would present as the inheritor of this fund i . e . associate partner of mr . david brown so as to receive this fund .  please note , his family has left since , and never know about this stocks in the exchange and the funds has subsequently matured in his fix deposit account , so i as the account officer  has prepared all documents for easy claims of this fund .  immediately , you reach me , i will furnish you with further details and then negotiate on the sharing ratio once you show your sincere involvement to go along with me . it will be of  need for you to furnish me also your personal phone and fax numbers for urgent  messages .  i am anxiously waiting to hear your consent .  be guided .  thanking you . yours sincerely ,  dave framo .  - -  irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie  http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .  list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie",1,ilug deal subject urgent concern pls serious officer one main branches citi bank consumer banking department although previous correspondence till date however based standard value place everything believed could discuss analyze execute transaction transaction thus wealthy client american citizen residing west africa decades operates fix deposit account us account officer also receives standing orders chains dividends share however client mr david brown died come heart attack funds current account claimed family gone back finally usa end fiscal year march accumulated share us transferred account stock exchange alone instructions issued stock house dispose stocks funds arrived needed associate would present inheritor fund e associate partner mr david brown receive fund please note family left since never know stocks exchange funds subsequently matured fix deposit account account officer prepared documents easy claims fund immediately reach furnish details negotiate sharing ratio show sincere involvement go along need furnish also personal phone fax numbers urgent messages anxiously waiting hear consent guided thanking sincerely dave framo irish linux users group ilug linux ie http www linux ie mailman listinfo ilug un subscription information list maintainer listmaster linux ie
"Subject: organizational announcement - introducing enron industrial markets  we are pleased to announce the creation of a new business unit  ) enron  industrial markets  ) within our wholesale energy business . enron industrial  markets will be responsible for leading all worldwide business activities in  the paper , pulp , lumber , and steel markets , including trading , origination  and energy outsourcing activities .  enron industrial markets is being created to accelerate the growth of enron  north america  , s existing paper , pulp , & lumber business and to establish and  grow a new business in the steel market . the formation of enron industrial  markets will allow the enron north america and enron europe management to  continue to focus its efforts on the aggressive expansion of our core gas and  electricity business . as a standalone business unit , enron industrial  markets can accelerate the growth of the paper , pulp & lumber and steel  businesses into major contributor  , s to enron  , s overall growth and , working  closely with enron networks , position enron as the leader in the  transformation of these industries into new economy markets .  enron industrial markets will be headed by jeff mcmahon , president and chief  executive officer , and ray bowen , chief operating officer . they will report  to mark frevert who will be chairman of enron industrial markets . mark ,  jeff , and ray will comprise the office of the chairman for enron industrial  markets .  included in this new business unit and reporting to the office of the  chairman will be the following individuals and their respective groups :  pulp , paper , & lumber origination bryan burnett  pulp , paper & lumber trading bob crane  steel trading greg hermans  transaction development rodney malcolm  enron industrial markets has established an operating group to manage the  operations of physical assets . this unit will temporarily report to the  enron industrial markets office of the chairman .  coincident with the establishment of enron industrial markets , all energy  outsourcing activities associated with industries other than paper , pulp ,  lumber and steel will be the responsibility of enron energy services .  with jeff mcmahon  , s departure from enron networks , louise kitchen will assume  the role of president and chief operating officer .  please join us in congratulating these individuals for their new roles .",0,organizational announcement introducing enron industrial markets pleased announce creation new business unit enron industrial markets within wholesale energy business enron industrial markets responsible leading worldwide business activities paper pulp lumber steel markets including trading origination energy outsourcing activities enron industrial markets created accelerate growth enron north america existing paper pulp lumber business establish grow new business steel market formation enron industrial markets allow enron north america enron europe management continue focus efforts aggressive expansion core gas electricity business standalone business unit enron industrial markets accelerate growth paper pulp lumber steel businesses major contributor enron overall growth working closely enron networks position enron leader transformation industries new economy markets enron industrial markets headed jeff mcmahon president chief executive officer ray bowen chief operating officer report mark frevert chairman enron industrial markets mark jeff ray comprise office chairman enron industrial markets included new business unit reporting office chairman following individuals respective groups pulp paper lumber origination bryan burnett pulp paper lumber trading bob crane steel trading greg hermans transaction development rodney malcolm enron industrial markets established operating group manage operations physical assets unit temporarily report enron industrial markets office chairman coincident establishment enron industrial markets energy outsourcing activities associated industries paper pulp lumber steel responsibility enron energy services jeff mcmahon departure enron networks louise kitchen assume role president chief operating officer please join us congratulating individuals new roles
"Subject: re : houston visit  soussan ,  my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you regarding the time of the  meeting .  right now the afternoon is open .  i look forward to meeting you on the 19 th .  vince  "" faiz , soussan "" on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 31 : 18 pm  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : houston visit  dear vince ,  greetings from ny & hope all is well . as you may recall from the rog real  options conference in ny , i ' d indicated the opportunity to visit with you  next time i ' m in houston . i ' ll be there during 4 / 18 - 4 / 21 & wonder if we can  pls meet on wed . 4 / 19 in your offices . would appreciate it if you can pls  let me know whether you ' re available then ( i ' m flexible on the schedule  particulars ) . if not , pls let me know whether 4 / 18 ( afternoon ) , 4 / 20  ( afternoon ) , or 4 / 21 ( morning ) will work for you .  i really look forward to the opportunity & would appreciate to learn more  about how you ' ve instigated the real options thinking in enron and  especially its integration within the organizational & incentive matters .  many thanks ,  soussan faiz  mgr . of global valuation services  texaco inc .  ( 914 ) 253 - 4187",0,houston visit soussan assistant shirley crenshaw call regarding time meeting right afternoon open look forward meeting th vince faiz soussan pm vkamins enron com cc subject houston visit dear vince greetings ny hope well may recall rog real options conference ny indicated opportunity visit next time houston wonder pls meet wed offices would appreciate pls let know whether available flexible schedule particulars pls let know whether afternoon afternoon morning work really look forward opportunity would appreciate learn instigated real options thinking enron especially integration within organizational incentive matters many thanks soussan faiz mgr global valuation services texaco inc
"Subject: re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of  boston university  iris ,  please , check with shirley . she keeps my calendar up to date .  also , we got a 2 nd desk for you with the credit group  on the 23 rd floor . you can divide your time  bet the 19 th floor and the 23 rd floor to stay in touch with the  business unit . please , check with vasant and he will introduce you to the  credit team here in houston ( jeff kinneman , craig chaney ) .  also , please plan for a trip to london in 3 - 4 weeks .  vince  vince  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 02 / 2001 09 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of  boston university  hi ,  thanks for your prompt response .  nalin kulatilaka wants to visit when you are in town . what are good  thursdays for you ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 02 , 2001 8 : 14 am  to : mack , iris  cc : gibner , stinson ; kaminski , vince  subject : re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of  boston university  iris ,  i wrote an endorsement for his book on real options ( it was on the cover  under jeff skilling ' s  name ) . let ' s invite him to the thursday lunch .  vince  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 29 / 2001 05 : 52 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / enron communications  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston  university  hi stinson ,  a colleague of mine - professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university -  is interested in visiting enron to give a talk on work he is doing in the  broadband area .  please see the forwarded emails for further information and available  dates .  can you let me know if we can give him a forum at one of our thursday  research lunches or a friday brown bag lunch ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : nalin kulatilaka @ enron  com ]  sent : thursday , march 29 , 2001 5 : 40 pm  to : mack , iris  cc : lin , martin  subject : re : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston  university  hi iris  i have two different hats to wear in talking to enron . one is as a  financial economist . the other as the director of the newly formed "" global  mobility innovation initiative ( gmii ) - - this is the research project  funded by lucent , involving bu , lbs , and insead , to study various aspects  of the mobile internet ( read 3 g ) .  on the former i am working with a couple of ph . d . students in understanding  ( a ) details of how having physical supply ( inventory ) can be used by a  market maker . this is a problem that has been studies in the context of  specialists inventory in the stock market but i think really interesting in  the way enron does it in some of the newer markets like bandwidth . i  think this is a big issue in lighting up all the dark fiber that is in the  ground .  ( b ) how enron is disciplining the internal decision making process with  market . this is in many ways the critical aspect of real options that  most finance people miss - - having options is one thing but exercising them  and realizing their value is another . all of the incomplete contracting ,  asymmetric information , and incentive issues are ignored in real options  valuation models . but they are real in practice . my impression is enron ' s  real success is in putting place an organization that is able to mitigate  these problems by imposing a market disciplining .  ( c ) how enron manages the various books that involve physicals , financials ,  credit etc . this is specially important when many of the real assets have  options features and therefore , include non - linear risk profiles . the  story of gas is pretty well understood but not many of the others markets  enron has been moving into over the last few years .  on the gmii front , i think that some interesting opportunities arise when  you think of the spectrum in a way similar to that of dark fiber . i am  working with several people at lucent on this issue . i think it would be  wonderful to engage in a conversation with enron and lucent folks in the room .  i can do a lunch time talk on any of these issues . perhaps we can discuss  some of these over a conference call . clearly , having vince kaminski in the  room would be very important to me .  as for schedules , the first 3 weeks of april are horrible . april 26 / 27 ,  may 3 / 4 are good for me .  regards  nalin  at 06 : 56 pm 03 / 22 / 2001 , mack , iris wrote :  > hi ,  >  > as we briefly discussed , i spoke with one of my colleagues ( dr .  > martin lin ) about your visiting enron to give a talk and to spend some  > time with us to discuss you work in telecommunications , real options ,  > etc .  >  > martin and i are working on various broadband related problems .  >  > we thought it might be helpful if you let us know a bit more about  > the following :  > * when you want to come ( the research group has weekly  > catered lunch on thursday and brown bag lunches on every other friday ) .  >  > * a description of what you want to talk about with respect  > to telecoms , broadband , etc .  > * who you would like to meet with me - vince kaminski ( our  > boss ) , any other of our colleagues in research , broadband , etc .  > . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . etc .  >  >  >  >  > look forward to hearing from you .  >  > regards ,  > iris",0,fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university iris please check shirley keeps calendar date also got nd desk credit group rd floor divide time bet th floor rd floor stay touch business unit please check vasant introduce credit team houston jeff kinneman craig chaney also please plan trip london weeks vince vince iris mack enron enronxgate vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc stinson gibner hou ect ect subject fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi thanks prompt response nalin kulatilaka wants visit town good thursdays thanks iris original message kaminski vince sent monday april mack iris cc gibner stinson kaminski vince subject fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university iris wrote endorsement book real options cover jeff skilling name let invite thursday lunch vince iris mack enron enronxgate pm stinson gibner hou ect ect stinson gibner enron communications cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject fw possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi stinson colleague mine professor nalin kulatilaka boston university interested visiting enron give talk work broadband area please see forwarded emails information available dates let know give forum one thursday research lunches friday brown bag lunch thanks iris original message nalin kulatilaka enron com sent thursday march pm mack iris cc lin martin subject possible visit enron professor nalin kulatilaka boston university hi iris two different hats wear talking enron one financial economist director newly formed global mobility innovation initiative gmii research project funded lucent involving bu lbs insead study various aspects mobile internet read g former working couple ph students understanding details physical supply inventory used market maker problem studies context specialists inventory stock market think really interesting way enron newer markets like bandwidth think big issue lighting dark fiber ground b enron disciplining internal decision making process market many ways critical aspect real options finance people miss options one thing exercising realizing value another incomplete contracting asymmetric information incentive issues ignored real options valuation models real practice impression enron real success putting place organization able mitigate problems imposing market disciplining c enron manages various books involve physicals financials credit etc specially important many real assets options features therefore include non linear risk profiles story gas pretty well understood many others markets enron moving last years gmii front think interesting opportunities arise think spectrum way similar dark fiber working several people lucent issue think would wonderful engage conversation enron lucent folks room lunch time talk issues perhaps discuss conference call clearly vince kaminski room would important schedules first weeks april horrible april may good regards nalin pm mack iris wrote hi briefly discussed spoke one colleagues dr martin lin visiting enron give talk spend time us discuss work telecommunications real options etc martin working various broadband related problems thought might helpful let us know bit following want come research group weekly catered lunch thursday brown bag lunches every friday description want talk respect telecoms broadband etc would like meet vince kaminski boss colleagues research broadband etc etc look forward hearing regards iris
"Subject: re : ca for henwood engagement  badri ,  in the event dpc signs the contract , we would need to make it indian tax  efficient . please suggest the structure / clauses / information required by which  we need not pay withholding taxes . if you need more info on the scope of work  contemplated you can talk to wade / neil / sandeep .  regards  mohan  sandeep kohli  01 / 22 / 2001 07 : 11 am  to : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mohan gurunath  cc : stinson gibner @ ect , vince j kaminski @ ect , bruce  lundstrom / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bonnie  nelson / enron _ development @ enron _ development , lauren haggety  subject : re : ca for henwood engagement  wade / mohan ,  please find below the last draft copy of the henwood consulting agreement .  we need to sign this asap so as to not be in violation of ene policies .  as you will see , the draft agreement is made out with enron in mind , even  though we have left the company name blank in the agreement .  mohan - last when we spoke ( friday ) , you were going to explore the tax  aspects of having dpc be the signing company . please tell us if that works .  separately , you and wade may need to consider how dpc lenders may look upon  some of the information emerging from this study , and whether you want all of  it in lender domain .  based on the same you may want to decide whether this needs to be eipl , ene  houston , or dpc . we could also have a version where ene houston is signing  the contract on behalf of dpc .  please let me know what you decide , and we will proceed accordingly . if you  would like someone in eipl / dpc to be signing the contract , please let me  know , who the signing authority is . i suspect , that even i could sign on  behalf of dpc or ene ? ? if so , i will be in houston on wednesday , and sign  at the time . if not , you can assign someone to sign .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  01 / 22 / 2001 06 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lauren hagerty  01 / 20 / 2001 01 : 01 am  to : bonnie nelson / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : bruce lundstrom / enron _ development @ enron _ development , sandeep  kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince  j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : ca for henwood engagement  i suspect that enron india llc would be the entity to use . however , is  anyone from tax involved in this ? if not , we need to get someone in the  loop .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  lauren hagerty  enron india / ebs asia  three allen center , room 2119  houston , texas 77002  phone : 713 - 646 - 6529  fax : 713 - 646 - 7549  bonnie nelson  01 / 19 / 2001 11 : 54 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , bruce  lundstrom / enron _ development @ enron _ development , lauren  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep  subject : re : ca for henwood engagement  stinson ,  please find attached a revised version of the draft consulting agreement with  henwood . fyi , i am attaching both a clean version and one marked toshow  changes from the last draft i sent you . please let me know if you have any  questions or comments on the agreement or the most recent changes .  what is the status of henwood ? do you still want to engage them and what is  the timeframe for their work ( the dates in the draft may need to be  corrected ) .  bruce and lauren : please advise on which enron entity should be the party to  this consulting agreement .  thanks , bonnie",0,ca henwood engagement badri event dpc signs contract would need make indian tax efficient please suggest structure clauses information required need pay withholding taxes need info scope work contemplated talk wade neil sandeep regards mohan sandeep kohli wade cline enron development enron development mohan gurunath cc stinson gibner ect vince j kaminski ect bruce lundstrom enron development enron development bonnie nelson enron development enron development lauren haggety subject ca henwood engagement wade mohan please find last draft copy henwood consulting agreement need sign asap violation ene policies see draft agreement made enron mind even though left company name blank agreement mohan last spoke friday going explore tax aspects dpc signing company please tell us works separately wade may need consider dpc lenders may look upon information emerging study whether want lender domain based may want decide whether needs eipl ene houston dpc could also version ene houston signing contract behalf dpc please let know decide proceed accordingly would like someone eipl dpc signing contract please let know signing authority suspect even could sign behalf dpc ene houston wednesday sign time assign someone sign regards sandeep forwarded sandeep kohli enron development lauren hagerty bonnie nelson enron development enron development cc bruce lundstrom enron development enron development sandeep kohli enron development enron development stinson gibner hou ect ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject ca henwood engagement suspect enron india llc would entity use however anyone tax involved need get someone loop lauren hagerty enron india ebs asia three allen center room houston texas phone fax bonnie nelson stinson gibner hou ect ect bruce lundstrom enron development enron development lauren cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect sandeep subject ca henwood engagement stinson please find attached revised version draft consulting agreement henwood fyi attaching clean version one marked toshow changes last draft sent please let know questions comments agreement recent changes status henwood still want engage timeframe work dates draft may need corrected bruce lauren please advise enron entity party consulting agreement thanks bonnie
Subject: cheap software  http : / / uracil . mainoemstore . com / ? a = 3107,1,cheap software http uracil mainoemstore com
"Subject: re : hi ,  jinbaek ,  great , i look forward to working with you .  please , call me during the next few days  ( 713 ) 853 3848 and we can chat about the projects .  please , contact molly magee to talk about the first day  orientation program . her e - mail address  is molly . magee @ enron . com , and her phone number is  ( 713 ) 853 - 4804 .  vince  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : jinbaek kim @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - jinbaek + 20 kim + 20 + 3 cjinbaek + 40 ieor + 2 eberkeley + 2 eedu + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]  sent : sunday , may 20 , 2001 8 : 07 pm  to : kaminski , vince j  subject : hi ,  dr . kaminski  how are you ?  the process for starting summer work is going well ,  and there will be no problem we start work  on may 30 .  i got a place to live , and reserved a flight .  i ' m going to leave for houston on may 29  ( expected time to arrival is around noon )  i am very much excited to have opportunity  to join the project making an exchange platform .  i think it ' s time i ' d better remind you  of scheduling a meeting with me ,  sometime on may 30 .  i hope you let me know what to to  after i arrive at houston .  and please let me know if you have anything  you think i prepare , to get better outcome  from the summer work .  if you give me a brief on the work ,  it would be a great help for me to decide  which material i should carry from here to houston .  i look forward to the date we meet ,  warm regards ,  jinbaek  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : "" ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' "" ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' "" "" ' "" - . . . . - - ' "" ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' "" ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' "" "" ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '",0,hi jinbaek great look forward working please call next days chat projects please contact molly magee talk first day orientation program e mail address molly magee enron com phone number vince original message jinbaek kim enron mailto imceanotes jinbaek kim cjinbaek ieor eberkeley eedu e enron enron com sent sunday may pm kaminski vince j subject hi dr kaminski process starting summer work going well problem start work may got place live reserved flight going leave houston may expected time arrival around noon much excited opportunity join project making exchange platform think time better remind scheduling meeting sometime may hope let know arrive houston please let know anything think prepare get better outcome summer work give brief work would great help decide material carry houston look forward date meet warm regards jinbaek jinbaek kim ph candidate dept industrial engineering operations research u c berkeley http www ieor berkeley edu jinbaek go bears
"Subject: energycast  dear vince ,  i hope your trip to australia was successful . it ' s one of my favorite places  to go .  i ' ve copied you on the email to mike initiating enron ' s trial service to  energycast . thanks for helping to set this up .  would you ask the authorities in enron to refresh my access to enrononline ?  my guest user id as ena 61296 and my guest password was tr 84 byl 3 . they no  longer work , probably because i haven ' t visited the site in months as we  were in full development mode on energycast .  vince , you will note in our website references to forward prices of power in  nepool , nypp , and pjm . we use reuters as a reference - - not satisfactory . if  your traders like energycast and enron became a client , would enron consider  linking its prices to our site ? we have to improve over the reuters quotes  and regard enrononline or bloomberg as the best candidates . over time , as  our service spreads i believe this could help generate deal flow for your  traders .  let me know what you think .  ed",0,energycast dear vince hope trip australia successful one favorite places go copied email mike initiating enron trial service energycast thanks helping set would ask authorities enron refresh access enrononline guest user id ena guest password tr byl longer work probably visited site months full development mode energycast vince note website references forward prices power nepool nypp pjm use reuters reference satisfactory traders like energycast enron became client would enron consider linking prices site improve reuters quotes regard enrononline bloomberg best candidates time service spreads believe could help generate deal flow traders let know think ed
"Subject: 1 - 4 extra inches makes a massive difference  my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she  thinks  it ' s natural - thomas , ca  i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my  length from 2  to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl  pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit  realistic gains quickly  to be a stud press  here  the tatars shouted joyfully as they witnessed this marvelous feat and  rushed forward to assist in the slaughter ; but the boy motioned them all  back  address listed above and  just see site to be gone from the db  the lights from the lanterns dimly showed the way , but it was a gloomy  journey , and they were pleased when a broad streak of light ahead assured  them they were coming to a second landinghere one side of the mountain  had a great hole in it , like the mouth of a cavern , and the stairs stopped  at the near edge of the floor and commenced ascending again at the opposite  edge he did not wish any more bloodshed than was necessary , and knew that  the heaps of unconscious turks around him would soon recover  so he stood alone and faced the enemy , calmly knocking them over as fast as  they came near ",1,extra inches makes massive difference girlfriend loves results know thinks natural thomas ca using product months increased length nearly product saved sex life matt fl pleasure partner every time bigger longer stronger unit realistic gains quickly stud press tatars shouted joyfully witnessed marvelous feat rushed forward assist slaughter boy motioned back address listed see site gone db lights lanterns dimly showed way gloomy journey pleased broad streak light ahead assured coming second landinghere one side mountain great hole like mouth cavern stairs stopped near edge floor commenced ascending opposite edge wish bloodshed necessary knew heaps unconscious turks around would soon recover stood alone faced enemy calmly knocking fast came near
"Subject: re : option p & l  brad ,  i was extreamly busy yesterday . sorry for answing your question till now .  although i am not exactly sure how the system handle gamma , this is what i  think the system is doing :  curve shift = today ' s price - yesterady ' s price  p / l due to curve shift = today ' s market value using today ' s price curve ( with  everything esle the same as yesterday ' s ) - yesterday ' s market value using  yesterday ' s price curve .  so p / l due to curve shift contains both delta and gamma and higher order  terms .  we then use theoretical gamma ( meaning option model gamma : 0 . 5 * gamma * ( price  change ) 2 ) for gamma contribution and ? define delta = curve shift - theoretical gamma . ? ? therefore , the gamma may not be very accurate to explain the delta change , ? especially when you have big price change due to higher order contribution . ? ? let me know your thoughts on this . ? ? ? best wishes , ? ? zimin ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? brad horn 10 / 12 / 2000 07 : 11 am ? ? to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect ? cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect , robert ? shiring / hou / ect @ ect , jay knoblauh / hou / ect @ ect ? subject : option p & l ? ? gentleman : ? the erms system , as you know , has an excellent capability for ? decomposing option p & l into the following components : ? ? new deals ? curve shift ? gamma ? vega ? theta ? rho ? drift ? 2 nd order adjustments ? ? what i dont understand is the gamma component which is reported in dollars . ? the unit of measure suggests that incremental changes in a contract position ? is being associated with specific prices . these prices are the effective buy ? or sell prices associated with the dynamic delta position . ? ? stated differently , the standard taylor expansion has incorporated a price ? variable in such a way as to convert the unit of measure from gamma ' s ? standard contract count to total gamma dolalrs . this is something i dont ? understand . to date , inquiries to the risk management accounting group has ? further revealed that the gamma component of p & l is not well understood . ? ? this is what concerns me : bridgeline has 2 books with option exposures ( nymex ? and gas daily ) . both books dynamically hedged its positions during ? yesterdays large price move and , through anticipitory hedging in advance or ? during the large price move , secured sufficient coverage to neutralize ? expected changes in delta . however , our p & l from our underlying position did ? not offset our gamma p & l . consequently , i have to ask why ? im hoping that a ? brief look at the why gamma dollars are calculated may reveal something which ? will better guide our hedging decisions . ? ? any help is appreciated ? ?",0,option p l brad extreamly busy yesterday sorry answing question till although exactly sure system handle gamma think system curve shift today price yesterady price p l due curve shift today market value using today price curve everything esle yesterday yesterday market value using yesterday price curve p l due curve shift contains delta gamma higher order terms use theoretical gamma meaning option model gamma gamma price change gamma contribution define delta curve shift theoretical gamma therefore gamma may accurate explain delta change especially big price change due higher order contribution let know thoughts best wishes zimin brad horn zimin lu hou ect ect stinson gibner hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect vladimir gorny hou ect ect robert shiring hou ect ect jay knoblauh hou ect ect subject option p l gentleman erms system know excellent capability decomposing option p l following components new deals curve shift gamma vega theta rho drift nd order adjustments dont understand gamma component reported dollars unit measure suggests incremental changes contract position associated specific prices prices effective buy sell prices associated dynamic delta position stated differently standard taylor expansion incorporated price variable way convert unit measure gamma standard contract count total gamma dolalrs something dont understand date inquiries risk management accounting group revealed gamma component p l well understood concerns bridgeline books option exposures nymex gas daily books dynamically hedged positions yesterdays large price move anticipitory hedging advance large price move secured sufficient coverage neutralize expected changes delta however p l underlying position offset gamma p l consequently ask im hoping brief look gamma dollars calculated may reveal something better guide hedging decisions help appreciated
"Subject: re : tiger team event  michele ,  i have defined the project for the students . it ' s one project that is  divided into three sections .  feel free to stop by to talk about it .  vince  from : michele nezi marvin @ enron communications on 01 / 03 / 2001 05 : 33 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : tiger team event  i understand that you have been involved with the wharton tiger teams . i am  the commerical team lead for wharton recruiting . do you know the 3 projects  that the students are working on and who within enron is working with them on  the projects ?  thanks for helping to facilitate this opportunity for wharton students .  michele nezi marvin  manager  enron broadband services  ( 713 ) 853 - 6848  - - - - - forwarded by michele nezi marvin / enron communications on 01 / 03 / 01 05 : 34  pm - - - - -  kristin gandy @ enron  01 / 02 / 01 11 : 30 am  to : michele nezi marvin / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : re : tiger team event  i will try to get that information from christie .  from : michele nezi marvin @ enron communications on 01 / 01 / 2001 06 : 38 pm  to : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : tiger team event  i can attend . do you know any of the details of the tiger team project and  who they are working with ? also , names of the students would be helpful . so  we can see if any are applying for summer positions .  michele nezi marvin  manager  enron broadband services  ( 713 ) 853 - 6848  kristin gandy @ enron  12 / 28 / 00 10 : 28 am  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , william keeney / hou / ect @ ect , catherine  clark / hou / ect @ ect , rajesh chettiar / enron _ development @ enron _ development , tom  dutta / hou / ect @ ect , jayshree desai / hou / ect @ ect , colin jackson / enron  communications @ enron communications , laura howenstine / enron  communications @ enron communications , michele nezi marvin / enron  communications @ enron communications , jennifer fraser / hou / ect @ ect , natalie  halich / enron communications @ enron communications , ranabir  dutt / corp / enron @ enron , teresa dyar / na / enron @ enron , jeff golden / hou / ees @ ees ,  charles ward / corp / enron @ enron , sarah wesner / corp / enron @ enron , li  sun / na / enron @ enron , gillian johnson / na / enron @ enron , lisa  connolly / na / enron @ enron , michael j popkin / na / enron @ enron , kevin  mcgowan / corp / enron @ enron , evan betzer / enron communications @ enron  communications , jebong lee / enron communications @ enron communications , chu chu  wang / corp / enron @ enron , brad hitch / eu / enron @ enron , betsy bassis / enron  communications @ enron communications , matthew goering / hou / ect @ ect , claude  tellis / enron @ enronxgate  cc : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  subject : tiger team event  hello team ,  i hope that everyone had a wonderful and restful holiday season .  down to business : the university affairs group is putting together a tiger  team of students to do a project for enron . those students will be in town  on january 18 th and will be having dinner at churrasco ' s that night . i think  it would be a great opportunity for some of the wharton alum to come out and  meet the participants , talk about enron and eat some good food . : - ) if you  are interested in participating please rsvp to me via email or at extension  53214 no later than 1 / 5 / 01 .  thank you and hope to see you soon ,  kristin gandy",0,tiger team event michele defined project students one project divided three sections feel free stop talk vince michele nezi marvin enron communications pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject tiger team event understand involved wharton tiger teams commerical team lead wharton recruiting know projects students working within enron working projects thanks helping facilitate opportunity wharton students michele nezi marvin manager enron broadband services forwarded michele nezi marvin enron communications pm kristin gandy enron michele nezi marvin enron communications enron communications cc subject tiger team event try get information christie michele nezi marvin enron communications pm kristin gandy na enron enron cc subject tiger team event attend know details tiger team project working also names students would helpful see applying summer positions michele nezi marvin manager enron broadband services kristin gandy enron jeffrey shankman hou ect ect william keeney hou ect ect catherine clark hou ect ect rajesh chettiar enron development enron development tom dutta hou ect ect jayshree desai hou ect ect colin jackson enron communications enron communications laura howenstine enron communications enron communications michele nezi marvin enron communications enron communications jennifer fraser hou ect ect natalie halich enron communications enron communications ranabir dutt corp enron enron teresa dyar na enron enron jeff golden hou ees ees charles ward corp enron enron sarah wesner corp enron enron li sun na enron enron gillian johnson na enron enron lisa connolly na enron enron michael j popkin na enron enron kevin mcgowan corp enron enron evan betzer enron communications enron communications jebong lee enron communications enron communications chu chu wang corp enron enron brad hitch eu enron enron betsy bassis enron communications enron communications matthew goering hou ect ect claude tellis enron enronxgate cc christie patrick hou ect ect subject tiger team event hello team hope everyone wonderful restful holiday season business university affairs group putting together tiger team students project enron students town january th dinner churrasco night think would great opportunity wharton alum come meet participants talk enron eat good food interested participating please rsvp via email extension later thank hope see soon kristin gandy
"Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  lf you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  if you want  peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where peopie search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in muitiple search enqines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best reqards ,  zoraidaguerra _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,know attract customers website submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically lf invested time money website simply must submit website oniine otherwise invisibie virtuaiiy means efforts spent vain want peopie know website boost revenues oniy way make site visible places peopie search information e submit website muitiple search enqines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best reqards zoraidaguerra interested
"Subject: summer at enron  hi vince : if you or your human resources department tries to reach me ,  please call me at new home phone ( 713 ) 647 - 7161 , or email me at  ekao @ uh . edu , or eckao @ aol . com  monday , 5 / 15 will be my moving day . otherwise i can be reached at my home  phone . regards , ed",0,summer enron hi vince human resources department tries reach please call new home phone email ekao uh edu eckao aol com monday moving day otherwise reached home phone regards ed
"Subject: re : urgent deadline : rsvp by jan 22 nd : invitation to 2001 energy  finance conference feb . 22 - 23 , 2001 - the university of texas at austin  thanks vince . if there are other members in your group that did not get this  e - mail , please forward it to them . the school called yesterday and they said  that no one from enron was taking advantage of the conference other than  yourself .  thanks again .  karen",0,urgent deadline rsvp jan nd invitation energy finance conference feb university texas austin thanks vince members group get e mail please forward school called yesterday said one enron taking advantage conference thanks karen
"Subject: re : thursday visit  frank ,  we shall have about 30 people , highly technical ( ph . d . , m . s . level ) .  a presentation of 45 minutes would be optimal , assuming you may arrive  around 11 : 45 - 12 : 00 .  we shall get the projector for you .  please , keep all the receipts for refund .  vince  "" francis x . diebold "" on 12 / 18 / 2000 09 : 47 : 16 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : re : thursday visit  excellent , vince ! yes , i will be happy to make a presentation . do you have a  projector to which i could simply hook up my laptop ? could we also have an  overhead projector as a backup ? many thanks , frank  p . s . how long is optimal ? how large an audience and what are the  participants ' backgrounds ?  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > frank ,  >  > we are located at 1400 smith . any cab driver can identify the enron  > building . when you arrive ,  > please , call me at 3 - 3848 from the reception to be admitted into the  > building .  >  > alternative phone numbers : 3 - 5290 ( my assistant shirley crenshaw ) . you can  > also try to call me on  > my cell phone : 713 898 9960 .  >  > the research group meeting starts at 11 : 30 and lasts till 1 : 00 . can you  > make a presentation  > about your research projects ? what audio / video equipment do you need ? what  > sandwich would  > you like to have for lunch ?  >  > we shall make a hotel reservation for you thursday night .  >  > vince  >  > "" francis x . diebold "" on 12 / 18 / 2000 07 : 02 : 46 am  >  > to : vince kaminski  > cc : bmierts @ enron . com  > subject : thursday visit  >  > hi vince , looking forward to seeing you thursday . i arrive at houston - bush  > on usair 1769 at 10 : 55 am . please let me know where to go . i also want to  > verify that you have booked me a hotel for thurs night . many thanks , and  > see you soon , frank  >  > - -  > francis x . diebold  > wp carey professor  >  > department of economics  > university of pennsylvania  > 3718 locust walk  > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  >  > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  >  > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax  - -  francis x . diebold  wp carey professor  department of economics  university of pennsylvania  3718 locust walk  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax",0,thursday visit frank shall people highly technical ph level presentation minutes would optimal assuming may arrive around shall get projector please keep receipts refund vince francis x diebold vince j kaminski enron com cc shirley crenshaw enron com subject thursday visit excellent vince yes happy make presentation projector could simply hook laptop could also overhead projector backup many thanks frank p long optimal large audience participants backgrounds vince j kaminski enron com wrote frank located smith cab driver identify enron building arrive please call reception admitted building alternative phone numbers assistant shirley crenshaw also try call cell phone research group meeting starts lasts till make presentation research projects audio video equipment need sandwich would like lunch shall make hotel reservation thursday night vince francis x diebold vince kaminski cc bmierts enron com subject thursday visit hi vince looking forward seeing thursday arrive houston bush usair please let know go also want verify booked hotel thurs night many thanks see soon frank francis x diebold wp carey professor department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax francis x diebold wp carey professor department economics university pennsylvania locust walk philadelphia pa fdiebold sas upenn edu http www ssc upenn edu diebold telephone fax
"Subject: ben zhang timeframe  hi ,  can and should we organize a tag - team baby sitting detail ? aghh ! another  weekend that is not my own !  grant .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 09 / 14 / 2000 08 : 51  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : toni graham @ enron 09 / 13 / 2000 05 : 08 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ben zhang timeframe  grant , what do you think ? if you really want this guy , you may suggest  someone in your group to "" entertain "" them while they are here .  what do you think ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by toni graham / corp / enron on 09 / 13 / 2000  04 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  meastman @ qualitec . com on 09 / 13 / 2000 02 : 05 : 53 pm  to :  cc :  subject : ben zhang timeframe  toni ,  i spoke with ben today and he is planning to pay for a trip to bring his  wife to houston this weekend and show her around in hopes of overcoming her  hesitiation on moving . his question is whether enron will give him the time  to bring her down here and then give an answer next week ? if you will let  me know how you , grant , and vince feel about that .  thanks ,  mike  qualitec professional services , lp  accounting - financial - energy risk - tax  search consultants  mike eastman , cpc  president  281 - 647 - 9300 fax 281 - 647 - 0933  email - meastman @ qualitec . com",0,ben zhang timeframe hi organize tag team baby sitting detail aghh another weekend grant forwarded grant masson hou ect enron north america corp toni graham enron pm grant masson hou ect ect cc subject ben zhang timeframe grant think really want guy may suggest someone group entertain think forwarded toni graham corp enron pm meastman qualitec com pm cc subject ben zhang timeframe toni spoke ben today planning pay trip bring wife houston weekend show around hopes overcoming hesitiation moving question whether enron give time bring give answer next week let know grant vince feel thanks mike qualitec professional services lp accounting financial energy risk tax search consultants mike eastman cpc president fax email meastman qualitec com
"Subject: likee a rock  hello , welcome to phar philosophize monline sho orrery p  - one of the leading oni dissociable ine pharmaceutical shops  synchronism v  onomatopoeia g  commissionaire al  dilapidated ll  dutiable la  cutglass rac unpolitical l  arduous is progenitor va  loftiness um  andmanyother .  - save tzigane over 50 %  - worldwide shlppl sconce ng  - total confidentiai fleshings ity  - over 5 mii prolocutor iion customers in 130 countries  have a gunnery nice day !",1,likee rock hello welcome phar philosophize monline sho orrery p one leading oni dissociable ine pharmaceutical shops synchronism v onomatopoeia g commissionaire al dilapidated dutiable la cutglass rac unpolitical l arduous progenitor va loftiness um andmanyother save tzigane worldwide shlppl sconce ng total confidentiai fleshings ity mii prolocutor iion customers countries gunnery nice day
Subject: another bet  vince  i here you are running abook on how quickly we can implement convolution var for power and since i am up against a summer deadline for this i felt i should take the other side .  so how about i buy you dinner if i get it done ?  rgds  dp,0,another bet vince running abook quickly implement convolution var power since summer deadline felt take side buy dinner get done rgds dp
"Subject: message from john martin  - - - - - forwarded by cindy derecskey / corp / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 06 : 32 am - - - - -  "" john martin ""  10 / 25 / 2000 06 : 58 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : enron case study  cindy ,  great to hear from you and i look forward to getting our interviews done . i  am answering this from a hotel in seattle so i don ' t have questions for you  at this time but can get them together for you . i will contact vince next  week and get a set of questions together for each of the three individuals  you mentioned . i will have to talk to vince about others who would be of  interest to interview . i really appreciate your help in getting this  together and i ' ll work hard to get everything together for you next week . i  don ' t have vince ' s e - mail address with me here so i would appreciate your  forwarding this message on to him for me .  thanks again ,  john  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : cindy . derecskey @ enron . com [ mailto : cindy . derecskey @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , october 25 , 2000 11 : 23 am  to : j _ martin @ baylor . edu  cc : christie . patrick @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : enron case study  importance : high  good morning mr . martin ,  i would like to introduce myself . i currently work with christie patrick  and michael b rosen in the enron university affairs department .  in recent discussions with christie , she has suggested that i liaise with  you and our management in preparation for your and vince kaminski ' s case  study . christie has forwarded recent emails sent by you suggesting a few  convenient times that work with your schedule . i will work with our  management and do my best to schedule one hour time slots for interviews  that fit with your outline .  initially , i will schedule interviews with : ken lay - chairman and ceo ,  jeff skilling - president and coo , and andy fastow - cfo . if you feel that  you may need to speak with additional management , we will definitely try to  work something out the same day , so you don ' t have to travel back here . i  will forward your project outline to the aforementioned participants once  the interviews are scheduled . do you anticipate drafting specific  questions ? if so , i would greatly appreciate a copy when convenient .  i greatly look forward to working with you and i hope that we can touch  base very soon .  regards ,  cindy derecskey  enron university affairs  ( 713 ) 853 - 5670",0,message john martin forwarded cindy derecskey corp enron john martin pm cc subject enron case study cindy great hear look forward getting interviews done answering hotel seattle questions time get together contact vince next week get set questions together three individuals mentioned talk vince others would interest interview really appreciate help getting together work hard get everything together next week vince e mail address would appreciate forwarding message thanks john original message cindy derecskey enron com mailto cindy derecskey enron com sent wednesday october j martin baylor edu cc christie patrick enron com vince j kaminski enron com subject enron case study importance high good morning mr martin would like introduce currently work christie patrick michael b rosen enron university affairs department recent discussions christie suggested liaise management preparation vince kaminski case study christie forwarded recent emails sent suggesting convenient times work schedule work management best schedule one hour time slots interviews fit outline initially schedule interviews ken lay chairman ceo jeff skilling president coo andy fastow cfo feel may need speak additional management definitely try work something day travel back forward project outline aforementioned participants interviews scheduled anticipate drafting specific questions would greatly appreciate copy convenient greatly look forward working hope touch base soon regards cindy derecskey enron university affairs
"Subject: e - commerce seminar 3 / 22  hi donna !  i ' ll let you know asap about 3 / 22 . i believe vince will be in london on that  date .  more immediately , is there a conference call tomorrow ( thursday ) ? if so , is  there a call in number established , or does melinda set this up ? ( she ' s out  this afternoon ) .  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 03 : 46 pm - - - - -  fap  03 / 13 / 2001 02 : 09 pm  to : "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' ""  cc : fap  subject : e - commerce seminar 3 / 22  christie :  professor ravi aron , wharton , has been a consultant to the student tiger  team for the enron project . at his suggestion and invitation , tiger  students have been invited to attend an e - commerce executive education  seminar that is directly related to the project on which they are working .  professor aron will be giving the session on pricing mechanisms and b 2 b  market auctions . this will take place at the steinberg conference center on  campus on thursday , march 22 from 8 : 30 a - 12 : 30 . we would also like to extend  an invitation for a representative from enron to attend .  please let me know if you or someone who has worked with the student teams  will be able to attend the seminar .  we look forward to seeing you and vince at the final presentation on april 3  from 4 : 30 - 7 : 30 pm in vance hall b 6 .  regards ,  donna",0,e commerce seminar hi donna let know asap believe vince london date immediately conference call tomorrow thursday call number established melinda set afternoon thanks christie forwarded christie patrick hou ect pm fap pm christie patrick enron com cc fap subject e commerce seminar christie professor ravi aron wharton consultant student tiger team enron project suggestion invitation tiger students invited attend e commerce executive education seminar directly related project working professor aron giving session pricing mechanisms b b market auctions take place steinberg conference center campus thursday march would also like extend invitation representative enron attend please let know someone worked student teams able attend seminar look forward seeing vince final presentation april pm vance hall b regards donna
"Subject: re : part - time work  cantekin ,  i shall call you tomorrow to discuss the details .  vince  "" cantekin dincerler "" on 09 / 18 / 2000 02 : 59 : 41 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : part - time work  hi vince ,  i promised to get back to you on the part - time work issue . sorry for the  delay , i got back to austin only last week . i talked to ehud about this and  he is ok with it . just wanted to let you know .  best ,  - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  cantekin dincerler  doctoral candidate  the university of texas at austin  graduate school of business  department of finance  office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  cell : ( 512 ) 680 - 5355  http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -",0,part time work cantekin shall call tomorrow discuss details vince cantekin dincerler pm please respond cc subject part time work hi vince promised get back part time work issue sorry delay got back austin last week talked ehud ok wanted let know best oooo oooo cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate university texas austin graduate school business department finance office fax home cell http uts cc utexas edu cantekin oooo oooo
"Subject: re : credit risk technical article  ben ,  let me review it one more time from this angle . if you don ' t hear from me by  wednesday ,  it ' s ok to post it .  vince  benjamin parsons  01 / 04 / 2000 04 : 31 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ross prevatt / hou / ect @ ect , bijoya banerjea / lon / ect @ ect  subject : credit risk technical article  vince ,  bijoya is currently working on the development of the website for the new  credit trading initiative , and we thought it would be a good idea to put my  recent technical article "" measuring credit risk "" on it . are you okay with  this release , or does it contain any proprietary information we should edit  out ?  ben",0,credit risk technical article ben let review one time angle hear wednesday ok post vince benjamin parsons vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc ross prevatt hou ect ect bijoya banerjea lon ect ect subject credit risk technical article vince bijoya currently working development website new credit trading initiative thought would good idea put recent technical article measuring credit risk okay release contain proprietary information edit ben
"Subject: delivery status notification  - these recipients of your message have been processed by the mail server :  lucaballiano @ aliceposta . it ; failed ; 5 . 7 . 1 ( delivery not authorized , message refused )  mbertozzi @ aliceposta . it ; failed ; 5 . 7 . 1 ( delivery not authorized , message refused )",1,delivery status notification recipients message processed mail server lucaballiano aliceposta failed delivery authorized message refused mbertozzi aliceposta failed delivery authorized message refused
"Subject: re : grades  thank you ! - pam  at 08 : 15 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > pam ,  >  > another term paper :  >  >  > john ganguzza  > neeraj hingorani  > grant johnson  > duane maue  > rishad patel  > eric van stone  > palo yoshiuro  >  >  > grade : a  >  > please , confirm .  >  >  > vince",0,grades thank pam wrote pam another term paper john ganguzza neeraj hingorani grant johnson duane maue rishad patel eric van stone palo yoshiuro grade please confirm vince
"Subject: the spreadsheet for talon deal  vince ,  here is the spreadsheet for your review .  thanks .  rakesh",0,spreadsheet talon deal vince spreadsheet review thanks rakesh
"Subject: re : grades  thank you ! - pvc  at 09 : 19 am 5 / 3 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > pam ,  >  > another group :  >  > stuart hamel  > jed howard  > brian nelson  >  >  >  > b +  >  >  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > pamela vande krol castro on 05 / 03 / 2001 08 : 58 : 24 am  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : grades  >  >  > got them - thank you ! - pvc  >  > at 05 : 21 pm 5 / 2 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > > pam ,  > >  > > another team :  > >  > > elena chilkina  > > robert j . guadette  > > joseph helms  > > kenneth jett  > > todd litton  > > mark westmoreland  > >  > >  > > grade : a -  > >  > >  > > vince kaminski",0,grades thank pvc wrote pam another group stuart hamel jed howard brian nelson b vince pamela vande krol castro vince j kaminski enron com cc subject grades got thank pvc pm wrote pam another team elena chilkina robert j guadette joseph helms kenneth jett todd litton mark westmoreland grade vince kaminski
"Subject: new listing  goodmorning everyone ,  last year we did quite a bit of christmas baskets , during the time we were in  the process of  another major move .  we are currently settled on all floors now , therefore our christmas basket  list will be cut more than half .  here are a list of the names that received baskets last year .  matt rodgers  chris hyde  darren prager  charlie notis  harvey freese  jon davis  maryam golnarghi  delores sustaita rodney keys iain  russell trina williams todd  butler pamela ford facilities  robert knight phillip randle mary  martinez daniel hornbuckle ( ozarka )  guy move - team  greg whalley  richard weeks  mary sue rose  there are several names boldly printed that probably will not receive the  baskets this year .  the christmas season is approaching therefore we must start preparing  .  please note that i will be out on vacation dec 13 th - 18 th , if possible i  would like your list of names  before my vacation begins whereby all baskets can arrive at their  destinations on time .  thanks  kevin moore  please any comments , question , answers - feel free to call x 34710",0,new listing goodmorning everyone last year quite bit christmas baskets time process another major move currently settled floors therefore christmas basket list cut half list names received baskets last year matt rodgers chris hyde darren prager charlie notis harvey freese jon davis maryam golnarghi delores sustaita rodney keys iain russell trina williams todd butler pamela ford facilities robert knight phillip randle mary martinez daniel hornbuckle ozarka guy move team greg whalley richard weeks mary sue rose several names boldly printed probably receive baskets year christmas season approaching therefore must start preparing please note vacation dec th th possible would like list names vacation begins whereby baskets arrive destinations time thanks kevin moore please comments question answers feel free call x
"Subject: us news archive @ ft . com  reliable country intelligence for a challenging world  with country reports supporting your decisions , you  ' re  working with the best source of country intelligence  available . turn to the economist intelligence unit at :  http : / / store . eiu . com  dear ft . com user  ft . com  ' s global archive can provide the answer to a multitude  of business queries :  * access information from more than 1 , 200 us business news  publications  * simultaneously search multiple sources e . g . business and  industry papers , business wire , and the pr newswire - usa .  * obtain a global view by searching across more than 6 million  articles worldwide .  with a variety of search options and powerful software , you will  be able to find the information you need in no time at all .  for the definitive answer to your business - related query , visit  and bookmark this page :  rch . jsp  regards ,  ft . com  why not forward this e - mail to a friend or colleague who may  find this information useful ?  if you no longer wish to receive further e - mails from us  please send an e - mail to ft . com . unsubscribe @ newsbyemail . ft . com  with the single word "" unsubscribe "" as the subject of the  message . your name will then be removed from our mailing  list .  if you have forgotten your password for ft . com simply visit ",0,us news archive ft com reliable country intelligence challenging world country reports supporting decisions working best source country intelligence available turn economist intelligence unit http store eiu com dear ft com user ft com global archive provide answer multitude business queries access information us business news publications simultaneously search multiple sources e g business industry papers business wire pr newswire usa obtain global view searching across million articles worldwide variety search options powerful software able find information need time definitive answer business related query visit bookmark page rch jsp regards ft com forward e mail friend colleague may find information useful longer wish receive e mails us please send e mail ft com unsubscribe newsbyemail ft com single word unsubscribe subject message name removed mailing list forgotten password ft com simply visit
"Subject: sell advertising space on your website  did you know that selling advertising on your website is a great way to earn extra revenues with  absolutely no extra effort ?  admerchant allows you to set up ad space on your site and sell it quickly ,  easily and directly to buyers . you will have the immediate benefit of earning  significant revenues . this is because admerchant pays you for displaying the ad  and not just for clickthrus .  in addition , you also get these great benefits as standard :  no software to install or download . just paste a couple of lines of html on your web pages .  you have total control by deciding what ads to allow on your site .  you decide how much to charge for your ad space .  payments are made to you automatically regardless of the amount .  it is free to join and you remain in total control of your ad space .  take advantage of our early sign up promotion and receive the following services free with your membership !  a premium entry of your site in admerchant ' s directory .  a free search engine optimisation ( seo ) assesment of your site .  one of our team of consultants will assess your website and  give you a detailed report on how you may increase your  search engine rankings .  all you have to do is visit the directory and get your site listed today .  with warmest regards ,  george stevens  customer manager ,  www . admerchant . co . uk  george . stevens @ admerchant . co . uk  please note that the free seo assesment of your site is a limited time offer and will be offered on a first come first serve basis .  your are subscribed as glovechangeful @ mailb . fakeoutdoorsman . com  . . please click here to unsubscribe . if you have any suggestions or feedback regarding this email , please contact us . ",1,sell advertising space website know selling advertising website great way earn extra revenues absolutely extra effort admerchant allows set ad space site sell quickly easily directly buyers immediate benefit earning significant revenues admerchant pays displaying ad clickthrus addition also get great benefits standard software install download paste couple lines html web pages total control deciding ads allow site decide much charge ad space payments made automatically regardless amount free join remain total control ad space take advantage early sign promotion receive following services free membership premium entry site admerchant directory free search engine optimisation seo assesment site one team consultants assess website give detailed report may increase search engine rankings visit directory get site listed today warmest regards george stevens customer manager www admerchant co uk george stevens admerchant co uk please note free seo assesment site limited time offer offered first come first serve basis subscribed glovechangeful mailb fakeoutdoorsman com please click unsubscribe suggestions feedback regarding email please contact us
"Subject: reactions website  http : / / www . reactionsnet . com  thank you for registering for a free trial to the reactions magazine website .  your user name and password are listed below - please keep this email or a  printout of these details as you will need them to access the site .  if you have any problems logging on or using this site please feel free to  contact our help desk on + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 or  mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com  your trial user name is : kaminski  and your password is : 105006  reactions is also available in hard copy format . if you wish to receive a  complimentary copy , please email us your full mailing address .  for further informationon all sbscriptions , please call our hotline on + 44  ( 0 ) 20 7779 8999 ( uk ) or 1 - 800 437 9997 ( usa ) or  mailto : hotline @ euromoneyplc . com .",0,reactions website http www reactionsnet com thank registering free trial reactions magazine website user name password listed please keep email printout details need access site problems logging using site please feel free contact help desk mailto web help euromoneyplc com trial user name kaminski password reactions also available hard copy format wish receive complimentary copy please email us full mailing address informationon sbscriptions please call hotline uk usa mailto hotline euromoneyplc com
Subject: workss good  want to know how to save over overrode 60 % on your piils ?  http : / / ww smoothfaced w . centralreal . com - successfull and proven way livable to sa valuer ve your money .  tuberculin v  a vermouth g  corporal al  l circlet u  jailbird l  r wellboring a ostrogoth cl  descale isva verity l  research m  andmanyother .  b recant est prlces .  high quaiity unspoilt .  worldwide shlppln inferno g .  total confidenti galoot aiity .  250 . 000 + satisfied custome cactus rs .  have a sprocketwheel nice day !,1,workss good want know save overrode piils http ww smoothfaced w centralreal com successfull proven way livable sa valuer money tuberculin v vermouth g corporal al l circlet u jailbird l r wellboring ostrogoth cl descale isva verity l research andmanyother b recant est prlces high quaiity unspoilt worldwide shlppln inferno g total confidenti galoot aiity satisfied custome cactus rs sprocketwheel nice day
"Subject: forward oil prices  john ,  i am forwarding to you the request by jens . we gave in the past  our forward oil curves ( with approval of greg whalley ) to some academics .  what is your position on this request ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 27 / 2000  04 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jens gobel @ enron  10 / 26 / 2000 12 : 06 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : forward oil prices  vince ,  as discussed on the phone , i am sending you the request that i have received  from prof . buehler . prof . buehler is the  head of the faculty of finance at mannheim university in germany . currently ,  he is writing a study about the hedging  strategy that led to the metallgesellschaft debacle . for this study he would  like to get forward oil prices form us .  the forward oil prices should be for wti with cushing as the delivery point  for the time period july 1986 and december 1996  with remaining contract durations between one and ten years . it would be  ideal to get this data on a daily basis . weekly  or monthly data is helpful as well , of course .  since mannheim university is among enron ' s tier one recruiting universities  in germany , it would be great if we could help  him with some data . thanks a lot for your help .  jens  o . korn @ uni - mannheim . de on 10 / 10 / 2000 11 : 44 : 57 am  to : jens . gobel @ enron . com  cc :  subject : daten  sehr geehrter herr goebel ,  bezugnehmend auf ihr heutiges telefongespraech mit herrn prof .  buehler hat mich prof . buehler gebeten , ihnen genauer  darzustellen , welche daten idealerweise fuer unsere studie  benoetigt wuerden .  zunaechst zum hintergrund . wir sind auf enron gestossen , weil  eduardo schwartz in einer seiner arbeiten die folgende datenquelle  angibt :  "" in addition to the publicly available futures data described above ,  for the purpose of this study enron capital and trade resources  made available some proprietary historical forward price curves  from 1 / 15 / 93 to 5 / 16 / 96 . from these data ten forward prices were  used in estimation , ranging in maturities from two months to nine  years ""  dies laesst uns annehmen , dass enron bestimmte daten  verfuegbar hat .  nun zum idealen datensatz :  forwardoelpreise ( am besten wti mit lieferung in cushing ) fuer  restlaufzeiten zwischen einem und zehn jahren fuer den zeitraum  juli 1986 bis dezember 1996 . dabei waere eine hohe  datenfrequenz ideal ( taeglich , ansonsten woechentlich oder  monatlich ) . zusaetzlich waeren auch spotpreise fuer wti mit  lieferung in cushing nuetzlich .  diese idealen datenanforderungen werden sich vermutlich nicht  erfuellen lassen . jedoch waere uns auch schon geholfen , wenn ein  kuerzerer zeitraum oder eine niedrigere datenfrequenz vorlaege .  wir waernen ihnen sehr dankbar , wenn sie in erfahrung bringen  koennten , inwiefern solche daten von enron zu erhalten sind .  herzlichen dank fuer ihre muehe und beste gruesse  olaf korn  p . s . bei rueckfragen stehe ich ihnen jederzeit gern zur verfuegung  dr . olaf korn  university of mannheim  chair of finance  d - 68131 mannheim  germany  tel . : + + 49 / 621 / 181 - 1487  fax . : + + 49 / 621 / 181 - 1519  e - mail : o . korn @ uni - mannheim . de",0,forward oil prices john forwarding request jens gave past forward oil curves approval greg whalley academics position request vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm jens gobel enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject forward oil prices vince discussed phone sending request received prof buehler prof buehler head faculty finance mannheim university germany currently writing study hedging strategy led metallgesellschaft debacle study would like get forward oil prices form us forward oil prices wti cushing delivery point time period july december remaining contract durations one ten years would ideal get data daily basis weekly monthly data helpful well course since mannheim university among enron tier one recruiting universities germany would great could help data thanks lot help jens korn uni mannheim de jens gobel enron com cc subject daten sehr geehrter herr goebel bezugnehmend auf ihr heutiges telefongespraech mit herrn prof buehler hat mich prof buehler gebeten ihnen genauer darzustellen welche daten idealerweise fuer unsere studie benoetigt wuerden zunaechst zum hintergrund wir sind auf enron gestossen weil eduardo schwartz einer seiner arbeiten die folgende datenquelle angibt addition publicly available futures data described purpose study enron capital trade resources made available proprietary historical forward price curves data ten forward prices used estimation ranging maturities two months nine years dies laesst uns annehmen dass enron bestimmte daten verfuegbar hat nun zum idealen datensatz forwardoelpreise besten wti mit lieferung cushing fuer restlaufzeiten zwischen einem und zehn jahren fuer den zeitraum juli bis dezember dabei waere eine hohe datenfrequenz ideal taeglich ansonsten woechentlich oder monatlich zusaetzlich waeren auch spotpreise fuer wti mit lieferung cushing nuetzlich diese idealen datenanforderungen werden sich vermutlich nicht erfuellen lassen jedoch waere uns auch schon geholfen wenn ein kuerzerer zeitraum oder eine niedrigere datenfrequenz vorlaege wir waernen ihnen sehr dankbar wenn sie erfahrung bringen koennten inwiefern solche daten von enron zu erhalten sind herzlichen dank fuer ihre muehe und beste gruesse olaf korn p bei rueckfragen stehe ich ihnen jederzeit gern zur verfuegung dr olaf korn university mannheim chair finance mannheim germany tel fax e mail korn uni mannheim de
"Subject: re : london visit  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 28 / 2000  10 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  09 / 18 / 2000 04 : 38 pm  to : paul . e . day @ uk . arthurandersen . com @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : london visit  paul ,  i shall be in london in the beginning of october .  i shall notify you about the timing of my trip later this week .  vince  paul . e . day @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 09 / 18 / 2000 03 : 29 : 50 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : london visit  i understand this has been cancelled - no problem - life is kind of hectic  here  anyway ! ! why don ' t we try to rearrange next time you ' re over ?  kind regards  paul day  to : paul e . day  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  date : 25 / 08 / 2000 19 : 10  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : london visit  paul ,  thanks for your message . i am in process of  finalizing my plans for the trip to london in the end of  september . i delayed responding to you message till  i had more specific information .  unless there a major change in my schedule , i shall arrive  in london on monday morning ( september 18 ) and leave on  thursday in the evening .  please , let me know what would be convenient time  to meet . you can send me an e - mail message and my secretary  will contact to confirm the date and place of the meeting .  my assistant ' s name is shirley crenshaw and her phone  number is 713 853 5290 .  i look forward to meeting you , tom and julian .  vince kaminski  paul . e . day @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 08 / 25 / 2000 11 : 53 : 02 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tom . o . lewthwaite @ uk . arthurandersen . com ,  julian . leake @ uk . arthurandersen . com  subject : london visit  i understand that you will be in london around 20 september . tom lewthwaite  has  asked me to arrange a meeting between you , tom and julian leake . i understand  that you have met tom and julian before . i would also like to attend - i am  a  manager in our uk financial services practice with responsibilty for enron  from  a uk financial services perspective . we would like to discuss any risk  management concerns that you may have and any internal initiatives with which  we  could assist .  if you are happy to meet on this basis , i would be grateful if you could let  me  know how you to proceed ( whether i should arrange timings with you , your  secretary , someone in london etc ) . you can contact me on + 44 20 7783 7446 ( at  enron ' s london offices ) or on this e - mail address .  kind regards  paul day  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .",0,london visit fyi forwarded shirley crenshaw hou ect vince j kaminski pm paul e day uk arthurandersen com enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect shirley crenshaw hou ect ect subject london visit paul shall london beginning october shall notify timing trip later week vince paul e day uk arthurandersen com pm vince j kaminski enron com cc subject london visit understand cancelled problem life kind hectic anyway try rearrange next time kind regards paul day paul e day cc vince j kaminski enron com shirley crenshaw enron com date vince j kaminski enron com subject london visit paul thanks message process finalizing plans trip london end september delayed responding message till specific information unless major change schedule shall arrive london monday morning september leave thursday evening please let know would convenient time meet send e mail message secretary contact confirm date place meeting assistant name shirley crenshaw phone number look forward meeting tom julian vince kaminski paul e day uk arthurandersen com vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc tom lewthwaite uk arthurandersen com julian leake uk arthurandersen com subject london visit understand london around september tom lewthwaite asked arrange meeting tom julian leake understand met tom julian would also like attend manager uk financial services practice responsibilty enron uk financial services perspective would like discuss risk management concerns may internal initiatives could assist happy meet basis would grateful could let know proceed whether arrange timings secretary someone london etc contact enron london offices e mail address kind regards paul day internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed
"Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  lf you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it will be invisible virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  lf you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do  that is to  make your site visibie in piaces  where people search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in multipie search engines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  shanaemorgan _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1,business depend online success website submitting website search engines may increase online sales dramatically lf invested time money website simply must submit website oniine otherwise invisible virtuaiiy means efforts spent vain lf want people know website boost revenues way make site visibie piaces people search information e submit website multipie search engines submit website online watch visitors stream e business best regards shanaemorgan interested
"Subject: re : grades  mr . kaminsky ,  i still need grades for :  israni , rakhi  lu , feng  planck , jeffrey  so , winny  taylor , orlando  wankhade , sanjay  zhang , ning  i will be available by e - mail this evening or by phone ( 5 : 30 or so ) at  713 - 668 - 1704 . ? i just called the registrar ' s office and if i bring in the  grades by 8 : 30 tomorrow morning we will be fine . ? please advise .  thanks for your help . - pam  at 08 : 23 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  pam ,  the last group .  please , let me know if any name is missing .  ( embedded image moved to file : pic 25177 . pcx )  grade : a  thanks a lot . it was a pleasure working with you .  vince kaminski",0,grades mr kaminsky still need grades israni rakhi lu feng planck jeffrey winny taylor orlando wankhade sanjay zhang ning available e mail evening phone called registrar office bring grades tomorrow morning fine please advise thanks help pam vince j kaminski enron com wrote pam last group please let know name missing embedded image moved file pic pcx grade thanks lot pleasure working vince kaminski
"Subject: meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear sir ,  i would like to apologize for the delay in responding to your fax .  i was on vacation for the last few days .  i shall be honored to meet your delegation on thursday , february 8 at 10 : 00  a . m .  please , let me know if you will be free for lunch after the meeting .  vince kaminski",0,meeting feb dear sir would like apologize delay responding fax vacation last days shall honored meet delegation thursday february please let know free lunch meeting vince kaminski
"Subject: top - level logo and business identity  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy  several seconds for  your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors .  get your logo , business stationery or website done  riqht now !  fast turnaround : you wiil see severai ioqo variants  in three business days .  satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited  amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needs and fit your  business .  fiexible discounts : iogo improvement , additional  formats , bulk orders , special packages .  creative design for  competitive price : have a look at it right now !",1,top level logo business identity corporate image say lot things company contemporary rhythm life dynamic sometimes takes oniy several seconds company remembered lost among competitors get logo business stationery website done riqht fast turnaround wiil see severai ioqo variants three business days satisfaction quaranteed provide unlimited amount changes sure wiil meet needs fit business fiexible discounts iogo improvement additional formats bulk orders special packages creative design competitive price look right
"Subject: re : possible summer internship with enron  hello ainsley :  we are so glad you are interested ! i spoke with vince kaminski and the  procedure is to usually conduct a telephone interview first . this will let  us know exactly where your interests are and establish where you might  fit within our organization .  please let me know your availability and the best time to reach you on  thursday ( the 25 th ) or friday ( the 26 th ) afternoon from 1 : 00 pm to 5 : 00 pm .  also please let me have the telephone number where you may reached  and we will call you . it is easier that way since there will be several of  us involved in the interview . the interview will usually last an hour or an  hour and a half .  thank you ainsley !  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290  "" ainsley gaddis "" on 05 / 23 / 2000 07 : 21 : 43 pm  to : "" shirley crenshaw ""  cc :  subject : re : possible summer internship with enron  hello ms . crenshaw ,  thank you so much for getting back to me so quickly . i am very interested  in meeting with mr . kaminski and the research group . i am available to come  into the office any time wednesday , thursday or friday . please let me know  what time is most convenient for you . i look forward to hearing from you  soon !  sincerely ,  ainsley gaddis",0,possible summer internship enron hello ainsley glad interested spoke vince kaminski procedure usually conduct telephone interview first let us know exactly interests establish might fit within organization please let know availability best time reach thursday th friday th afternoon pm pm also please let telephone number may reached call easier way since several us involved interview interview usually last hour hour half thank ainsley sincerely shirley crenshaw ainsley gaddis pm shirley crenshaw cc subject possible summer internship enron hello ms crenshaw thank much getting back quickly interested meeting mr kaminski research group available come office time wednesday thursday friday please let know time convenient look forward hearing soon sincerely ainsley gaddis
"Subject: * free real estate info ! *  great news webmaster ,  finally - a foreclosure tycoon reveals his most closely guarded secrets !  for the first time ever , we are proud to bring you foreclosure ' s most closely guarded secrets - a complete , turn - key system to either owning your own home or making a fortune in foreclosure real estate without tenants , headaches and bankers .  free information for a revolutionary brand - new approach to show you exactly how to buy a foreclosure or make a fortune in foreclosure real estate in today ' s market .  are you ready to take advantage of this amazing information ?  webmaster , take this first step to improving your life in the next 2 minutes !  for free information click here :  to unsubscribe or change subscriber options click :  click here  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1,free real estate info great news webmaster finally foreclosure tycoon reveals closely guarded secrets first time ever proud bring foreclosure closely guarded secrets complete turn key system either owning home making fortune foreclosure real estate without tenants headaches bankers free information revolutionary brand new approach show exactly buy foreclosure make fortune foreclosure real estate today market ready take advantage amazing information webmaster take first step improving life next minutes free information click unsubscribe change subscriber options click click sf net email sponsored thinkgeek welcome geek heaven http thinkgeek com sf spamassassin sightings mailing list
"Subject: re : enroncredit . com  alex worked with jitendra on var review in the past . he did not strike me as  a dynamic person . i cannot use him for my group , and i am lukewarm about  getting him for research group . if bryan wants to hire him directly for his  kmv experience , then we can work with him .  vasant  vince j kaminski  04 / 14 / 2000 03 : 55 pm  to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enroncredit . com  vasant , tanya  any interest ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 14 / 2000  03 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  melanie doyle  03 / 10 / 2000 04 : 33 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : brad mcsherry / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enroncredit . com  hi  this guy has applied to credit . com in houston , i spoke to him yesterday and  then passed my comments to bryan seyfried . bryan suggested he may be of  interest to you . i let this this guy know that he would hear from us either  way and if we want to pursue the application we would invite him for  interviews in houston .  please give me a call if you need more information .  melanie  00 44 171 783 7740 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melanie doyle / lon / ect on 10 / 03 / 2000 10 : 26  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bryan seyfried  08 / 03 / 2000 07 : 51  to : brad mcsherry / hou / ect @ ect  cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : enroncredit . com  let ' s start getting these guys in to interview . melanie can do initial  telephone interviews and then coordinate with brad to ensure we are seeing  the best people . i would like to move as quickly as practical .  bs  from : brad mcsherry on 07 / 03 / 2000 13 : 17 cst  to : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : enroncredit . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brad mcsherry / hou / ect on 03 / 07 / 2000 01 : 17  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alexander . c . davidson @ us . arthurandersen . com on 03 / 03 / 2000 01 : 55 : 23 pm  to : brad . mcsherry @ enron . com  cc :  subject : enroncredit . com  dear mr . mcsherry :  i am responding to your search for credit risk professionals on  the  enroncredit . com website . after working for seven years on credit  risk  management in a research and consulting capacity , i would like to transfer  my  experience in assessing credit risk modeling , information technology  and  methodology in complex top - tier institutions to an active credit  trading  managerial environment . i am excited about being involved in  trading ,  origination , risk management and r & d of credit derivatives .  i have seven years of experience in credit risk measurement and  management . i  have helped design , test and implement credit value - at - risk systems with  kmv  corp and with a major japanese bank . i was a major contributor at kmv  in  designing the expected default frequency model and i am thoroughly familiar  with  its assumptions , strengths , weaknesses and applications . i did the  empirical  research that lies behind the kmv default correlation model , the private  firm  edf model and i interfaced with j . p . morgan ( now r . m . g . ) personnel during  the  creation of the creditmetrics documentation .  i have excellent analytical , quantitative , statistical and programming  skills .  i studied finance extensively when i was a graduate student and i studied  credit  risk theory while i worked with kmv and arthur andersen . i am eager to join  the  credit derivative team at enroncredit . com where i am certain that my  combination  of quantitative research skills , credit risk consulting experience  and  technology expertise make me uniquely qualified to support the  credit  derivatives trading and risk management function .  i have included my resume with this e - mail . please e - mail me or call me  at  201 - 420 - 0191 ( home ) and 212 - 708 - 4027 ( work ) so that we can discuss  this  opportunity further .  ( see attached file : alex . doc )  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .  - alex . doc",0,enroncredit com alex worked jitendra var review past strike dynamic person use group lukewarm getting research group bryan wants hire directly kmv experience work vasant vince j kaminski pm vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect tanya tamarchenko hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject enroncredit com vasant tanya interest vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm melanie doyle vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc brad mcsherry hou ect ect subject enroncredit com hi guy applied credit com houston spoke yesterday passed comments bryan seyfried bryan suggested may interest let guy know would hear us either way want pursue application would invite interviews houston please give call need information melanie forwarded melanie doyle lon ect bryan seyfried brad mcsherry hou ect ect cc melanie doyle lon ect ect subject enroncredit com let start getting guys interview melanie initial telephone interviews coordinate brad ensure seeing best people would like move quickly practical bs brad mcsherry cst bryan seyfried lon ect ect cc subject enroncredit com forwarded brad mcsherry hou ect pm alexander c davidson us arthurandersen com pm brad mcsherry enron com cc subject enroncredit com dear mr mcsherry responding search credit risk professionals enroncredit com website working seven years credit risk management research consulting capacity would like transfer experience assessing credit risk modeling information technology methodology complex top tier institutions active credit trading managerial environment excited involved trading origination risk management r credit derivatives seven years experience credit risk measurement management helped design test implement credit value risk systems kmv corp major japanese bank major contributor kmv designing expected default frequency model thoroughly familiar assumptions strengths weaknesses applications empirical research lies behind kmv default correlation model private firm edf model interfaced j p morgan r g personnel creation creditmetrics documentation excellent analytical quantitative statistical programming skills studied finance extensively graduate student studied credit risk theory worked kmv arthur andersen eager join credit derivative team enroncredit com certain combination quantitative research skills credit risk consulting experience technology expertise make uniquely qualified support credit derivatives trading risk management function included resume e mail please e mail call home work discuss opportunity see attached file alex doc internet email confidentiality footer privileged confidential information may contained message addressee indicated message responsible delivery message person may copy deliver message anyone case destroy message kindly notify sender reply email please advise immediately employer consent internet email messages kind opinions conclusions information message relate official business firm shall understood neither given endorsed alex doc
"Subject: re : vacation  shrley ,  no problem .  vince  shirley crenshaw  03 / 23 / 2001 02 : 02 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  subject : vacation  vince :  i have already requested friday , april 6 th as a vacation day , and if it is ok ,  i would also like to take friday the 30 th as a vacation day .  thanks !  shirley",0,vacation shrley problem vince shirley crenshaw pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc anita dupont na enron enron kevin g moore hou ect ect subject vacation vince already requested friday april th vacation day ok would also like take friday th vacation day thanks shirley
"Subject: re : credit article  dear vince  thank you very much for the information .  i will get in touch with them today and will keep you informed as to the  outcome .  regards ,  katja  vince j kaminski  06 / 01 / 2000 19 : 52  to : katja schilling / lon / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : credit article  katja ,  risk magazine has the copyright . you have to contact them to get the  permission to use this  for external users .  you can contact :  sh ? n millie  risk books  28 - 29 haymarket  london swly 4 rx  pone : 44 ( 0 ) 171 484 9740  fax : 44 ( 0 ) 171 484 9758  e - mail : shan @ risk . co . uk  www . riskpublications . com  and discuss the legal aspects with her .  vince  vasant shanbhogue  01 / 06 / 2000 08 : 28 am  to : katja schilling / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : credit article  i do not think minor changes would allow you to just use the same file . you  will have to check with risk . this is risk books , a specialist division of  risk publications in london . address : haymarket house , 28 - 29 haymarket ,  london swly 4 rx .  the publication was in a book , entitled "" credit derivatives : applications for  risk management , investment and portfolio optimisation , "" publishd in 1998 . i  am not sure if a lawyer was involved , maybe vince will know .  vasant  katja schilling  01 / 05 / 2000 05 : 47 am  to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc : bijoya banerjea / lon / ect @ ect  subject : credit article  hello vasant !  bijoya has updated me on the discussion you have been having on the article  from risk magazine about credit .  we have found that the attachments you sent her are actually not  word - for - word the same as the published version we have - the changes are  only minor , wever , and have not altered the article in any way .  my question now concerns the copyrights . since the version you sent is  slightly different , do you think this gives us the freedom to publish it  without the consent of risk ?  and if not - can you tell me if it was published by risk uk or risk in the  states ? and which issue was it ? i just want to have all of the details if i  need to call someone at the magazine . . .  also - was there a lawyer involved in the publication procedure , or was this  handled by london / houston pr ? or by vince himself ?  sorry about all of the questions . . . i just want to avoid problems well in  advance .  thank you !  regards ,  katja",0,credit article dear vince thank much information get touch today keep informed outcome regards katja vince j kaminski katja schilling lon ect ect vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject credit article katja risk magazine copyright contact get permission use external users contact sh n millie risk books haymarket london swly rx pone fax e mail risk co uk www riskpublications com discuss legal aspects vince vasant shanbhogue katja schilling lon ect ect cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject credit article think minor changes would allow use file check risk risk books specialist division risk publications london address haymarket house haymarket london swly rx publication book entitled credit derivatives applications risk management investment portfolio optimisation publishd sure lawyer involved maybe vince know vasant katja schilling vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect cc bijoya banerjea lon ect ect subject credit article hello vasant bijoya updated discussion article risk magazine credit found attachments sent actually word word published version changes minor wever altered article way question concerns copyrights since version sent slightly different think gives us freedom publish without consent risk tell published risk uk risk states issue want details need call someone magazine also lawyer involved publication procedure handled london houston pr vince sorry questions want avoid problems well advance thank regards katja
"Subject: re : happy new year !  shannon ,  thanks . the same to you .  sorry to have missed your class . i had a very bad case  of flu with some additional complications . i shall be glad to make  a presentation on the same topic on another occasion .  vince  "" shannon burchett "" on 12 / 28 / 99 12 : 15 : 59 pm  please respond to "" shannon burchett ""  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : happy new year !  vince ,  wishing you a very happy and prosperous new millennium !  happy new year ,  shannon  risk limited corporation  box 612666 dallas , texas 75261 usa tel : 972 . 245 . 8300 fax : 972 . 245 . 8318  www . risklimited . com  - attl . htm",0,happy new year shannon thanks sorry missed class bad case flu additional complications shall glad make presentation topic another occasion vince shannon burchett pm please respond shannon burchett vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc subject happy new year vince wishing happy prosperous new millennium happy new year shannon risk limited corporation box dallas texas usa tel fax www risklimited com attl htm
"Subject: march ny real options conference  please find attached the final program for an exciting conference on "" real  options valuation in the new economy : internet / e - commerce ,  r & d / pharmaceuticals , energy . "" the conference , organised in new york city  march 13 - 15 by the real options group and co - sponsored by ernst & young  llp , is addressed to a corporate audience .  the chairman of the conference is prof . michael j . brennan of ucla who will  deliver the opening address , and the keynote speaker is prof . stewart c .  myers of mit . many of the world / s thought leaders in real options  analysis , along with prominent experts from many leading corporations will  also share their ideas and experiences .  please note that the deadline for hotel registration is february 21 ( see  the attached brochure for hotel details ) and conference fees increase by  20 % for those registering after march 1 . the ( full ) conference brochure and  on - line conference registration are available at our website www . rogroup . com  we hope that you will be able to participate and would appreciate it if you  could also communicate this announcement among other interested colleagues .  in fact , it would be most helpful to us and would be greatly appreciated , if  you could send me ( also cc . to amicaliz @ sda . uni - bocconi . it ) a list of 5 - 10  colleagues to whom we can send the electronic version of the brochure .  best wishes ,  lenos trigeorgis  president , real options group  - rognyconference . pdf  lenos trigeorgis  professor of finance  university of cyprus  dept of business  75 kallipoleos , po box 20537  cy 1678 nicosia cyprus  tel : + 357 2 892261  fax : 339063",0,march ny real options conference please find attached final program exciting conference real options valuation new economy internet e commerce r pharmaceuticals energy conference organised new york city march real options group co sponsored ernst young llp addressed corporate audience chairman conference prof michael j brennan ucla deliver opening address keynote speaker prof stewart c myers mit many world thought leaders real options analysis along prominent experts many leading corporations also share ideas experiences please note deadline hotel registration february see attached brochure hotel details conference fees increase registering march full conference brochure line conference registration available website www rogroup com hope able participate would appreciate could also communicate announcement among interested colleagues fact would helpful us would greatly appreciated could send also cc amicaliz sda uni bocconi list colleagues send electronic version brochure best wishes lenos trigeorgis president real options group rognyconference pdf lenos trigeorgis professor finance university cyprus dept business kallipoleos po box cy nicosia cyprus tel fax
Subject: no job  you have probably heard that our group is being broken up . some people were  put in other groups but i was not fortunate enough to be one of those  people . hr will try for the month of march to find a position for me within  enron but that is not likely to happen .  tomorrow is my last full day here - i will be in and out for the month of  march .  i am informing nice people that i like and you are one of those .,0,job probably heard group broken people put groups fortunate enough one people hr try month march find position within enron likely happen tomorrow last full day month march informing nice people like one
"Subject: floating lng terminal  folks ,  as a follow - up to scott neal ' s inquiry this morning concerning  portable / floating lng opportunities for california , i have learned that no  such capability currently exists .  according to todd peterson of enron global lng , exploitation of this  opportunity has been the topic of some industry articles but no one , as far  as we know , has  constructed such a vessel .  i did come across a proposed design for an lng floating terminal by the  italian company , tecnomare . i contacted them and they indicated that they  have not  built such a vessel . it is estimated that construction of such a vessel  would take 2 - 3 years , and as one might imagine , achieving the required  operational and  environmental performance in such a vessel would be quite substantial .  attached is a link to a relatively brief description of the proposed vessel ,  please let me know if any further research is needed .  charlie weldon",0,floating lng terminal folks follow scott neal inquiry morning concerning portable floating lng opportunities california learned capability currently exists according todd peterson enron global lng exploitation opportunity topic industry articles one far know constructed vessel come across proposed design lng floating terminal italian company tecnomare contacted indicated built vessel estimated construction vessel would take years one might imagine achieving required operational environmental performance vessel would quite substantial attached link relatively brief description proposed vessel please let know research needed charlie weldon
"Subject: new penis enlargement patches !  new penis enlargement patches !  http : / / www . gretan . com / ss /  he plants trees to benefit another generation .  how unhappy is he who cannot forgive himself .  convinced myself , i seek not to convince .  he hath eaten me out of house and home .  petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of reality .",1,new penis enlargement patches new penis enlargement patches http www gretan com ss plants trees benefit another generation unhappy forgive convinced seek convince hath eaten house home petty fears petty pleasures shadow reality
"Subject: the lure of the san  network world fusion focus : amy larsen decarlo  on storage in the enterprise  today ' s focus : the lure of the san  03 / 14 / 00  dear wincenty kaminski ,  today ' s focus : the lure of the san  by amy larsen decarlo  e - business is changing how businesses value information . information  has become a strategic asset that gives companies an edge over their  market rivals . companies use intelligence to identify new markets and  make contact with prospective customers . in this media - saturated era ,  information itself is packaged and sold as a product . this makes the  ability to supply users with fast access to stored information on a  continuous basis absolutely crucial .  companies are clearly coming to a crossroads in their storage  implementations . with estimates for internet storage capacity needs  doubling every three months , it professionals are hungry for a scalable  solution to help them consolidate control of stored information . they  often look to storage - area networks ( san ) as a better option to manage  their information storage systems than distributed models .  today , most organizations rely on a distributed storage model that uses  file servers to process i / o requests from end users and other  application servers . in this model , all requests for data go through  the file server that owns the attached storage disks , and only one file  server can tap data on a particular disk via a scsi bus .  this model has several shortcomings . first , the amount of data a  server can access is restricted to the number of disks supported by the  bus , which limits the capacity of a single file server . second , because  the server processes each i / o request , it risks becoming a bottleneck .  third , this server model carries some daunting availability limitations ,  because only one file server is allowed to access a set of disks . if  that file server or any of its scsi connections fails , then users and  other application servers lose access to the stored files .  this model carries other major disadvantages . distributed file servers  rely on the data transport network to run backup and recovery operations  which can eat up bandwidth and slow normal network transmissions to a  crawl . finally , this decentralized setup is difficult to manage from  both a logical and a physical perspective . file server based storage  systems are distributed throughout the enterprise , so it is often  difficult to assess current and future capacity needs . and because  these servers use a parallel cabling scheme to link the file server to  the disk array , they can also be cumbersome to set up and manage .  sans promise to mitigate the problems that plague conventional file  servers , largely through consolidation of control . these specialized  storage networks claim higher availability , faster performance ,  centralized management , and by their architecture , the capability to  remove bandwidth - intensive data backup and recovery operations from the  lan . this frees up the lan for normal data communications and ensures  smoother back - up operations .  using high - speed transports like fibre channel , sans offer a high -  performance network optimized for moving storage data . sans also make  way for new storage implementations like lan - free backup . and , because  fibre channel can support distances of up to 10 kilometers , san devices  can be widely distributed , but also centrally managed as one network .  yet , as was the case with lans in their younger years , sans are still  developing . vendors are still working out major product interoperability  issues , while companies deploying san technology struggle with how to  merge the very different worlds of storage and networks and manage both  together . ultimately the hope is that , like lans , sans will develop into  a mature and highly manageable solution that supplies substantial  benefits at lower costs .  given that storage deployment and ongoing support costs can total 10  times the acquisition price for the equipment , the consolidated  management capabilities of a san may deliver the biggest benefit to  business .  to contact amy larsen decarlo :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  amy larsen decarlo is an analyst with enterprise management associates  in boulder , colo . , ( http : / / www . . com ) , a leading  analyst and market research firm focusing exclusively on all aspects of  enterprise management . she focuses on storage management , application  management , and security . in her position , she oversees market research  and contributes to custom project work in her focal coverage areas .  prior to joining ema , amy spent five years covering enterprise  management for industry trade magazines , including informationweek and  data communications . she can be reached at  mailto : decarlo @ . com  for related links - - click here for network world ' s home page :  http : / / www . nwfusion . com  storage networking industry association ( snia ) :  http : / / www . snia . org  fibre channel industry association ( fcia ) :  http : / / www . fibrechannel . com  scsi trade association ( sta )  http : / / www . scsita . org  other storage - related articles from network world :  legato primes storage resource mgmt , network world , 03 / 13 / 00  subscription services  to subscribe or unsubscribe to any network world e - mail newsletters ,  go to :  to change your email address , go to :  subscription questions ? contact customer service by replying to this  message .  other questions / comments  have editorial comments ? write jeff caruso , newsletter editor , at :  mailto : jcaruso @ nww . com  for advertising information , write jamie kalbach , account executive ,  at : mailto : jkalbach @ nww . com  network world fusion is part of idg . net , the idg online network .  it all starts here :  http : / / www . idg . com  copyright network world , inc . , 2000",0,lure san network world fusion focus amy larsen decarlo storage enterprise today focus lure san dear wincenty kaminski today focus lure san amy larsen decarlo e business changing businesses value information information become strategic asset gives companies edge market rivals companies use intelligence identify new markets make contact prospective customers media saturated era information packaged sold product makes ability supply users fast access stored information continuous basis absolutely crucial companies clearly coming crossroads storage implementations estimates internet storage capacity needs doubling every three months professionals hungry scalable solution help consolidate control stored information often look storage area networks san better option manage information storage systems distributed models today organizations rely distributed storage model uses file servers process requests end users application servers model requests data go file server owns attached storage disks one file server tap data particular disk via scsi bus model several shortcomings first amount data server access restricted number disks supported bus limits capacity single file server second server processes request risks becoming bottleneck third server model carries daunting availability limitations one file server allowed access set disks file server scsi connections fails users application servers lose access stored files model carries major disadvantages distributed file servers rely data transport network run backup recovery operations eat bandwidth slow normal network transmissions crawl finally decentralized setup difficult manage logical physical perspective file server based storage systems distributed throughout enterprise often difficult assess current future capacity needs servers use parallel cabling scheme link file server disk array also cumbersome set manage sans promise mitigate problems plague conventional file servers largely consolidation control specialized storage networks claim higher availability faster performance centralized management architecture capability remove bandwidth intensive data backup recovery operations lan frees lan normal data communications ensures smoother back operations using high speed transports like fibre channel sans offer high performance network optimized moving storage data sans also make way new storage implementations like lan free backup fibre channel support distances kilometers san devices widely distributed also centrally managed one network yet case lans younger years sans still developing vendors still working major product interoperability issues companies deploying san technology struggle merge different worlds storage networks manage together ultimately hope like lans sans develop mature highly manageable solution supplies substantial benefits lower costs given storage deployment ongoing support costs total times acquisition price equipment consolidated management capabilities san may deliver biggest benefit business contact amy larsen decarlo amy larsen decarlo analyst enterprise management associates boulder colo http www com leading analyst market research firm focusing exclusively aspects enterprise management focuses storage management application management security position oversees market research contributes custom project work focal coverage areas prior joining ema amy spent five years covering enterprise management industry trade magazines including informationweek data communications reached mailto decarlo com related links click network world home page http www nwfusion com storage networking industry association snia http www snia org fibre channel industry association fcia http www fibrechannel com scsi trade association sta http www scsita org storage related articles network world legato primes storage resource mgmt network world subscription services subscribe unsubscribe network world e mail newsletters go change email address go subscription questions contact customer service replying message questions comments editorial comments write jeff caruso newsletter editor mailto jcaruso nww com advertising information write jamie kalbach account executive mailto jkalbach nww com network world fusion part idg net idg online network starts http www idg com copyright network world inc
"Subject: interview schedule for wichai narongwanich  attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .  the interview will happen friday july 14 , 2000 . please print both documents  for your hard copies . hardcopies of the resume will be delivered via runner .  if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate  to contact me .",0,interview schedule wichai narongwanich attached please find interview packet referenced person interview happen friday july please print documents hard copies hardcopies resume delivered via runner questions conflicts schedule please hesitate contact
"Subject: energy finance conference presentations available  fyi :  you can now retrieve most all the speaker presentations of the 2001 energy  finance conference ( feb 22 - 23 ) from our website at  http : / / cefer . bus . utexas . edu , with the exception of presentations made by john  mccormack , peter nance , sailesh ramamurtie , and ehud ronn / anoop kapoor ,  which i hope to still receive .  sincerely ,  angela  * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  angela dorsey  assistant director  center for energy finance education & research  the university of texas at austin  department of finance , cba 6 . 222  austin , tx 78712  angela . dorsey @ bus . utexas . edu  * * * * * * * * * * * * * *",0,energy finance conference presentations available fyi retrieve speaker presentations energy finance conference feb website http cefer bus utexas edu exception presentations made john mccormack peter nance sailesh ramamurtie ehud ronn anoop kapoor hope still receive sincerely angela angela dorsey assistant director center energy finance education research university texas austin department finance cba austin tx angela dorsey bus utexas edu
"Subject: re : stanford mba - interview  hi vince ,  unfortunately , i have not heard from him . he also forwarded his resume to mauricio mora , who asked if we could interview him . when i asked celeste about it back then she decided against it . if you need some help tracking him down , let me know .  thanks ,  althea  vince j kaminski @ ect  04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 53 pm  to : althea gordon / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : stanford mba - interview  althea ,  i was trying to get in touch with this guy .  did he contact you by any chance ? he missed  the interviews on the campus .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" seade , juan j . "" on 03 / 19 / 2001 01 : 15 : 56 am  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : stanford mba - interview  dear vincent ,  as i told you on the phone on friday , i am very interested in a summer  internship at enron . i would like to point out that i want to pursue a  career in trading , and i am especially interested in derivatives . given that  enron is a pioneer in the market making of energy , broadband and weather  derivatives , i find it a company i would be most interested in working for .  i believe that you will find my background of interest to your firm , and i  hope to be interviewed by yourself and other colleagues of yours . i have  final exams from march 19 - 22 , but would be most willing to travel to houston  for interviews any time from friday march 23 rd onwards . i hope to hear from  you soon .  best regards ,  juan seade  mba class of 2002  stanford business school  796 escondido road apt . 29 c  stanford , ca 94305  tel : ( 650 ) 497 - 3705  email : jseade @ stanford . edu  >  - resume juan seade . doc",0,stanford mba interview hi vince unfortunately heard also forwarded resume mauricio mora asked could interview asked celeste back decided need help tracking let know thanks althea vince j kaminski ect pm althea gordon na enron enron cc vince j kaminski hou ect ect subject stanford mba interview althea trying get touch guy contact chance missed interviews campus vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect pm seade juan j vkamins enron com cc subject stanford mba interview dear vincent told phone friday interested summer internship enron would like point want pursue career trading especially interested derivatives given enron pioneer market making energy broadband weather derivatives find company would interested working believe find background interest firm hope interviewed colleagues final exams march would willing travel houston interviews time friday march rd onwards hope hear soon best regards juan seade mba class stanford business school escondido road apt c stanford ca tel email jseade stanford edu resume juan seade doc
Subject: good worrk  how to save on aslant your medlcatlons over 60 % .  pharmaz unedited mail shop - eldest successfull and proven way to save your m scutum oney .  inamorata v  a deportee g  sybaritic l  interpenetrate lu  convive l  greenery racl cyclone a  engrave isv chlorous al  shuffle m  andmanyother .  * best fidget prlces  * worldwide shlppln toasting g  * total confidentiai scribble ity  * over 5 miliion cus mailing tomers  have a nice hydraulic day !,1,good worrk save aslant medlcatlons pharmaz unedited mail shop eldest successfull proven way save scutum oney inamorata v deportee g sybaritic l interpenetrate lu convive l greenery racl cyclone engrave isv chlorous al shuffle andmanyother best fidget prlces worldwide shlppln toasting g total confidentiai scribble ity miliion cus mailing tomers nice hydraulic day
"Subject: re : site license for power world  richard et al  under the new electricity trading arrangments ( neta ) in the uk and looking  forward i think it will be increasingly important in modelling market  behaviour and transmission related costs to have some form of system model  incorporating opf and atc .  therefore , in principle i am happy to support option 3 and to pay a 1 / 3 share  of the cost . however , before i commit to this particular package , i would  like to be comfortable that the generic powerworld software could be suitably  customised to capture the special features of neta .  i understand marco verreschi who initiated interest from our end is pursuing  this with martin lin ( research , houston ) . however , due to commitments next  week , and my desire to see powerworld in action etc it is likely to be the  following week before he and i can say "" lets do it "" .  michael wilks  manager , uk power analytics  enron europe ltd  tel : ( 44 ) 207 783 2405  richard lewis @ ect  05 / 01 / 2001 15 : 10  to : michael wilks / eu / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : site license for power world  can you recommend or otherwise this software and whether we should pay a  third share of the cost ?  r  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard lewis / lon / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 15 : 12  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lance cunningham @ enron on 20 / 11 / 2000 20 : 02 : 22  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , tim  belden / hou / ect @ ect , tim . heizenrader @ enron . com , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect ,  george hopley / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : site license for power world  gentleman ,  kevin presto concurred on the purchase of a site license as recommended by  vince . what are the thoughts of others ? i am available to demo the package  if others would like to see it .  thanks ,  lance  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 11 / 20 / 2000  01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 10 / 2000 09 : 16 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , tim  belden / hou / ect @ ect , tim . heizenrader @ enron . com , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect ,  george hopley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron  subject : site license for power world  gentlemen ,  i recommend that we purchase this package and split the cost 3 ways between 3  power trading desks .  i think that we should go for option 3 ( ~ $ 15 , 000 ) .  lance cunningham in my group looked at this software package and found it  very useful for modeling transmission problems .  please , feel free to ask him for technical details in support of this  recommendation .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 10 / 2000  09 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lance cunningham @ enron on 11 / 09 / 2000 06 : 15 : 14 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : site license for power world  vince ,  we have three options to increase our availability across enron for the power  world load flow software .  option 1 , upgrade to a site license for the load flow software only . price  $ 9 , 990 . 00  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , but not  determine marginal cost or available transfer capacity ( atc ) because only the  optimal power flow ( opf ) version can perform that task .  option 2 , site license for the load flow and purchase 1 opf package for  walter coffer ' s group . price $ 11 , 240 .  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows and one other  group the ability to determine marginal cost and atc .  option 3 , site license for load flows , opf and atc . price $ 14 , 990 . 00  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , marginal  cost , and atc .  regards ,  lance",0,site license power world richard et al new electricity trading arrangments neta uk looking forward think increasingly important modelling market behaviour transmission related costs form system model incorporating opf atc therefore principle happy support option pay share cost however commit particular package would like comfortable generic powerworld software could suitably customised capture special features neta understand marco verreschi initiated interest end pursuing martin lin research houston however due commitments next week desire see powerworld action etc likely following week say lets michael wilks manager uk power analytics enron europe ltd tel richard lewis ect michael wilks eu enron enron cc subject site license power world recommend otherwise software whether pay third share cost r forwarded richard lewis lon ect lance cunningham enron vince j kaminski hou ect ect richard lewis lon ect ect tim belden hou ect ect tim heizenrader enron com kevin presto hou ect ect george hopley hou ect ect cc subject site license power world gentleman kevin presto concurred purchase site license recommended vince thoughts others available demo package others would like see thanks lance forwarded lance cunningham na enron pm vince j kaminski ect vince j kaminski hou ect ect richard lewis lon ect ect tim belden hou ect ect tim heizenrader enron com kevin presto hou ect ect george hopley hou ect ect cc lance cunningham na enron enron subject site license power world gentlemen recommend purchase package split cost ways power trading desks think go option lance cunningham group looked software package found useful modeling transmission problems please feel free ask technical details support recommendation vince forwarded vince j kaminski hou ect lance cunningham enron pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect cc vasant shanbhogue hou ect ect subject site license power world vince three options increase availability across enron power world load flow software option upgrade site license load flow software price would give enron ability perform load flows determine marginal cost available transfer capacity atc optimal power flow opf version perform task option site license load flow purchase opf package walter coffer group price would give enron ability perform load flows one group ability determine marginal cost atc option site license load flows opf atc price would give enron ability perform load flows marginal cost atc regards lance
"Subject: tage resume submittal  vince ,  two candidates for your review . please call me .  ?  paul johnson , cpc  president  ( 281 ) 497 - 8595  ?  please visit our website  ? www . austingrp . com  - wood , shelly . doc  - jpbresume 2 . doc",0,tage resume submittal vince two candidates review please call paul johnson cpc president please visit website www austingrp com wood shelly doc jpbresume doc
Subject: msnbc : rates hit 18 year low 4 . 75 % . . . 28940  now you can have hundreds of lenders compete for your loan !  fact : interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years !  you ' re eligible even with less than perfect credit ! !  * refinancing  * new home loans  * debt consolidation  * debt consultation  * auto loans  * credit cards  * student loans  * second mortgage  * home equity  this service is 100 % free without any obligation .  visit our web site at : http : / / 61 . 129 . 68 . 19 / usero 201 / index . asp ? afft = qm 3  to unsubscribe : http : / / 61 . 129 . 68 . 19 / light / watch . asp,1,msnbc rates hit year low hundreds lenders compete loan fact interest rates lowest point years eligible even less perfect credit refinancing new home loans debt consolidation debt consultation auto loans credit cards student loans second mortgage home equity service free without obligation visit web site http usero index asp afft qm unsubscribe http light watch asp
"Subject: re : march real options conference  vince . thanks for getting back to me . i will have my secretary try to  set up something among the three of us . gary , as vince cannot make a call  on wednesday , i will have my assistant call you to try to find a suitable  time . rachel , gary jackson ' s phone number is 423 751 2593 and vince  kaminski ' s secretary ' s number is given below .  at 03 : 34 pm 2 / 21 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  >  > peter ,  >  > i am in london till wednesday afternoon . i shall be back at the office on  > thursday .  >  > please , feel free to call my secretary , shirley crenshaw 713 853 5290 , to  > schedule  > a conference call . i cannot access my calendar from london and don ' t know my  > commitments for this day .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > peter tufano on 02 / 18 / 2000 03 : 56 : 33 pm  >  > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , gljackson 2 @ tva . gov  > cc :  > subject : re : march real options conference  >  >  >  > dear vince and gary ,  >  > we are all speaking at the march real options session in ny . my work in  > real options in the energy field has come , to a large part , from my  > casewriting in your two organizations , so i feel that we should probably  > allocate more time toward your presentations and less to mine . while we  > have a two hour block among the three of us , i think we can freely  > re - arrange things to produce the best result . would you two like to  > schedule a brief conference call to coordinate our talks ? i am free  > virtually all of next wednesday 2 / 23 , perhaps we could talk at 10 am ( est )  > or 2 pm ( est ) ? i am happy to arrange the call , if you send me your phone  > numbers . thanks .  >  > peter tufano  >  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > prof . peter tufano  > harvard business school  > morgan hall 377  > soldiers field  > boston , massachusetts 02163  > phone : ( 617 ) 495 - 6855  > fax : ( 617 ) 496 - 6592  > email : ptufano @ hbs . edu  > http : / / www . people . hbs . edu / ptufano  >  professor peter tufano  harvard business school  morgan 377  soldiers field  boston , ma 02163  phone ( 617 ) 495 - 6855  fax ( 617 ) 496 - 6592  email ptufano @ hbs . edu  http : / / www . people . hbs . edu / ptufano",0,march real options conference vince thanks getting back secretary try set something among three us gary vince make call wednesday assistant call try find suitable time rachel gary jackson phone number vince kaminski secretary number given pm wrote peter london till wednesday afternoon shall back office thursday please feel free call secretary shirley crenshaw schedule conference call access calendar london know commitments day vince peter tufano pm vince j kaminski hou ect ect gljackson tva gov cc subject march real options conference dear vince gary speaking march real options session ny work real options energy field come large part casewriting two organizations feel probably allocate time toward presentations less mine two hour block among three us think freely arrange things produce best result would two like schedule brief conference call coordinate talks free virtually next wednesday perhaps could talk est pm est happy arrange call send phone numbers thanks peter tufano prof peter tufano harvard business school morgan hall soldiers field boston massachusetts phone fax email ptufano hbs edu http www people hbs edu ptufano professor peter tufano harvard business school morgan soldiers field boston phone fax email ptufano hbs edu http www people hbs edu ptufano
"Subject: picks from analyst with high - level precision  small - cap stock finder  new developments expected to move western sierra mining , inc . stock  from $ o . 70 to over $ 4 . oo  westernsierramining . com  western sierra mining is a company on the move , fast ! big news is out !  big business is afoot for wsrm !  read on to find out why wsrm is our top pick this week .  * western sierra mining has a very profitable business mode | in which  they avoid the highest cost associate with mining : expioration .  essentia | | y , wester sierra operates mines on sites that have been previously  explored and found to be "" too small "" for the | argest mining companies ,  yet stil | produce handsome profits .  * the global mining industry boom wi | | continue for the foreseeable  future due to the impact of china - driven demand on commodity prices and  long suppiy - response lead times .  * news ! news ! news ! read on to find out why we expect wsrm to take off  this week !  here is recent news on the company :  phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining corp .  ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that the board of directors  has approved and authorized a 2 - for - 1 forward spiit of its issued and  outstanding common s - tock to al | shareholders of record as of june 26 ,  2 oo 5 .  the company stated that the reason for the split was to a | | ow  additional investors to participate in the long - term goals and objectives of  western .  phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june lo , 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining ( pink  sheets : wsrm - news ) and oretech inc . ( pink sheets : orte - news )  announced today that their respective boards of directors have agreed to enter  into an agreement to develop the silver piume and pittsburg mines  | ocated in coiorado .  commenting on the proposed transaction , the president of western sierra  mining , michael chaffee , said , "" the new aiignment with oretech wi | |  aliow each of the companies to utiiize their specific expertise to the  maximum benefit of the other . oretech is trying to focus on developing its  propriety extraction technology and western is expanding its mining  activities in the u . s . we have started our due diiigence on the property  and look forward to taking a proposal back to oretech by the end of the  month .  phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink  sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that it has signed a letter of intent  with asdi corp . providing wsrm the right to develop the asdi property  | ocated in crescent vailey at battie mountain , nev .  we cannot stress enough the significance of this news . a s - tock split  can oniy mean one thing ; good business ! with the split date set at june  26 , now is obviously the time to get in . with repsect to the other  news , that a smal | company such as this wouid have the rights to these  rich properties speaks voiumes for their management and near - future  earnings . that they wouid be so fortunate as to be involved with an industry  pioneer such as oretech is nothing short of extraordinary .  these fortuitous events have earned wsrm our highly recommendation  symbol : ( wsrm )  current price : 0 . 70  short term target price : 4 . 60  12 month target price : 8 . 90  * * * news from the industry * * *  * mining s - tocks have outperformed both the s & p 5 oo and the dow jones  industrial average over the last three years .  * profits by mining companies have doubled for the second year in a  row . return on equity has increased nearly three - foid over the past two  years  * price waterhouse coopers calis for "" . . . another bumper year for the  giobal mining industry in 2 oo 5 . "" they go on to say , "" the sustained  upturn in commodity prices has caught investors ' attention , creating a dash  for mining s - tocks . add the unprecedented profits and free cash flows  and we have a very buoyant industry . ""  for more information read , mine - enter the dragon , by price waterhouse  coopers , located at pwcglobal . com  disclaimer :  information within this email contains "" forward | ooking statements ""  within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and  section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that  express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,  expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals ,  assumptions or future  events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be  "" forward | ooking statements . "" forward | ooking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are  made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause  actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy  anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be  identified  through the use of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" ,  "" wil | , "" "" anticipates , "" "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" "" understands "" or  that by  statements indicating certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur .  as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additional risk  factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a | imited operating  history ,  the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a sharehoider on an  unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority  s - tockholder , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw  materiais :  reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and  numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capita | .  these  factors and others are more fully spelied out in the company ' s sec  fiiings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket  stock  report does not represent that the information contained in this  message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact  necessary  to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information  provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities  must be  understood as information provided and not investment advice . the  rocket stock report advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice  from  a registered professional securities representative before deciding to  trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within  this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or  soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .  you  can | ose al | your mone * y by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of  the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .  subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax ,  accounting or  investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies  are  speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance  of  these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results  in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening .  remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future  results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a  company ' s fiiings , should be compieted prior to investing . in  compliance  with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report  discioses the receipt of tweive thousand dollars from a third party  ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for  the  circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stoc * k  they  wi | | sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict  of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this  is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . all factual information  in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not  | imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases .  the  rocket sto * ck report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can  make  no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material  within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .",1,picks analyst high level precision small cap stock finder new developments expected move western sierra mining inc stock oo westernsierramining com western sierra mining company move fast big news big business afoot wsrm read find wsrm top pick week western sierra mining profitable business mode avoid highest cost associate mining expioration essentia wester sierra operates mines sites previously explored found small argest mining companies yet stil produce handsome profits global mining industry boom wi continue foreseeable future due impact china driven demand commodity prices long suppiy response lead times news news news read find expect wsrm take week recent news company phoenix business wire june oo western sierra mining corp pink sheets wsrm news announced today board directors approved authorized forward spiit issued outstanding common tock al shareholders record june oo company stated reason split ow additional investors participate long term goals objectives western phoenix business wire june lo oo western sierra mining pink sheets wsrm news oretech inc pink sheets orte news announced today respective boards directors agreed enter agreement develop silver piume pittsburg mines ocated coiorado commenting proposed transaction president western sierra mining michael chaffee said new aiignment oretech wi aliow companies utiiize specific expertise maximum benefit oretech trying focus developing propriety extraction technology western expanding mining activities u started due diiigence property look forward taking proposal back oretech end month phoenix business wire june western sierra mining pink sheets wsrm news announced today signed letter intent asdi corp providing wsrm right develop asdi property ocated crescent vailey battie mountain nev stress enough significance news tock split oniy mean one thing good business split date set june obviously time get repsect news smal company wouid rights rich properties speaks voiumes management near future earnings wouid fortunate involved industry pioneer oretech nothing short extraordinary fortuitous events earned wsrm highly recommendation symbol wsrm current price short term target price month target price news industry mining tocks outperformed p oo dow jones industrial average last three years profits mining companies doubled second year row return equity increased nearly three foid past two years price waterhouse coopers calis another bumper year giobal mining industry oo go say sustained upturn commodity prices caught investors attention creating dash mining tocks add unprecedented profits free cash flows buoyant industry information read mine enter dragon price waterhouse coopers located pwcglobal com disclaimer information within email contains forward ooking statements within meaning section securities act section b securities exchange act statements express invoive discussions respect predictions expectations beliefs pians projections objectives goals assumptions future events performance statements historica fact may forward ooking statements forward ooking statements based expectations estimates projections time statements made involve number risks uncertainties couid cause actual results events differ materialiy presentiy anticipated forward looking statements action may identified use words projects foresee expects wil anticipates estimates believes understands statements indicating certain actions may could might occur many micro cap tocks today company additional risk factors worth noting factors inciude imited operating history company advancing cash reiated parties sharehoider unsecured basis one vendor related party majority tockholder suppiies ninety seven percent company raw materiais reiiance two customers fifty percent business numerous related party transactions need raise capita factors others fully spelied company sec fiiings urge read filings invest rocket stock report represent information contained message states ail material facts omit material fact necessary make statements therein misleading ail information provided within email pertaining investing stocks securities must understood information provided investment advice rocket stock report advises al readers subscribers seek advice registered professional securities representative deciding trade stocks featured within email none materia within report shall construed kind investment advice soiicitation many companies verge bankruptcy ose al mone investing stock pubiisher rocket stock report registered investment advisor subscribers shouid view information herein ega tax accounting investment advice reference past performance companies speciaily selected referenced based favorable performance companies would need perfect timing achieve results examples given assurance happening remember aiways past performance never indicative future results thorough due diligence effort including review company fiiings compieted prior investing compliance securities act section b rocket stock report discioses receipt tweive thousand dollars third party gem inc officer director affiliate sharehoider circulation report gem inc position stoc k wi sel time without notice aware inherent conflict interest resuiting compensation due fact paid advertisement confiicted factual information report gathered pubiic sources including imited company websites sec fiiings company press releases rocket sto ck report beiieves information reiiabie make guarantee accuracy completeness use material within email constitutes acceptance terms
"Subject: invoice for ordered papers  you have ordered the following papers :  - wp w 7613  foundations of technical analysis : computational algorithms , statistical  inference , and empirical implementation  - wp w 6250  pricing and hedging derivative securities in incomplete markets : an  e - aritrage model  the total cost ( excluding shipping ) is :  $ us 10  shipping address :  if you ordered papers for electronic delivery and experienced problems  downloading them , browse the following url ( s ) to download your paper  orders . the url ( s ) are valid for 7 days .  if you receive duplicate bills , please send a note to .",0,invoice ordered papers ordered following papers wp w foundations technical analysis computational algorithms statistical inference empirical implementation wp w pricing hedging derivative securities incomplete markets e aritrage model total cost excluding shipping us shipping address ordered papers electronic delivery experienced problems downloading browse following url download paper orders url valid days receive duplicate bills please send note
"Subject: lunch conversation  vince ,  we wanted to thank you for your time and support today . we have been  thinking about our conversation and it may be better to wait until december  before you approached delainey . this time period would give us the  opportunity to change his impression of our contributions to gas and power .  please let us know if you would advise differently .  thank you ,  kristin and john",0,lunch conversation vince wanted thank time support today thinking conversation may better wait december approached delainey time period would give us opportunity change impression contributions gas power please let us know would advise differently thank kristin john
"Subject: want to make women adore you ? click here .  10 minutes before sex , lasts for 24 - 36 hours  an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind .  the man who runs may fight again .  where there is an open mind there will always be a frontier .",1,want make women adore click minutes sex lasts hours eye eye makes whole world blind man runs may fight open mind always frontier
"Subject: real options for mothballed plant  i ' m off for my xmas break , so happy holidays to you all !  steve",0,real options mothballed plant xmas break happy holidays steve
"Subject: order confirmation  thank you for your order . instructions regarding any electronic product  purchases and a full order summary are listed below , beginning after the  special announcement .  special announcement  introducing hbr onpoint , an indispensible new resource from "" harvard  business review "" that makes it faster and easier to put important  management thinking to work .  hbr onpoint gives you :  * a quick overview of critical management concepts  * different experts ' views on a given topic  * the context critical for sharing and applying the knowledge you ' ve  acquired  to learn more and pick up a free article overview , visit our web site :  your order contains adobe acrobat files . you can download and print these  files by using the temporary url listed below . the url will expire in 24  hours . feel free to use the url from your office or home computer . to go  immediately to the temporary web page , click on the link below , or copy  and paste the url in to your browser .  below you will find your order information . if you have any questions  concerning this order , please e - mail us at orderreceipt @ hbsp . harvard . edu  ( or just reply to this message ) . for technical inquiries , email us at  techhelp @ hbsp . harvard . edu  your order reads as follows :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  customer ' s web id : 299070  sold - to no : a 49227  sold - to information :  first name : wincenty  last name : kaminski  institution / company name : enron corp  job title : managing director  mail stop / dept . : ebl 962  address : 1400 smith  address :  city : houston  state : tx  zip / postal code : 77002  country : united states  email address : vkamins @ enron . com  phone number : 713 853 3848  fax number : 713 646 2503  attn :  name of person who placed order : wincenty kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bill - to information :  first name : wincenty  last name : kaminski  institution / company name : enron corp  job title : managing director  mail stop / dept . : ebl 962  address : 1400 smith  address :  city : houston  state : tx  zip / postal code : 77002  country : united states  email address : vkamins @ enron . com  phone number : 713 853 3848  fax number : 713 646 2503  attn :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ship - to information :  first name : wincenty  last name : kaminski  institution / company name : enron corp  job title : managing director  mail stop / dept . : ebl 962  address : 1400 smith  address :  city : houston  state : tx  zip / postal code : 77002  country : united states  email address : vkamins @ enron . com  phone number : 713 853 3848  fax number : 713 646 2503  attn :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  order  prod . # product title quantity price total  98506 strategy as a portfo . . . 1 $ 5 . 50 $ 5 . 50  97305 what ' s it worth ? : a . . . 1 $ 5 . 50 $ 5 . 50  97306 using apv : a better . . . 1 $ 5 . 50 $ 5 . 50  sub - total : $ 16 . 50  surcharge : $ 0 . 00  shipping and handling : $ 0 . 00  gst : $ 0 . 00  tax : $ 0 . 00  grand total : $ 16 . 50  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  total due : $ 0 . 00 ( pre - paid by visa )  shipping method : non - shippable , pdfs  * please note that there is applicable sales tax in ca , ct , il , ma , md , and  tn for the products you have ordered . if you are ordering from one of  these states , the amount shown on your invoice and / or credit card  statement will be slightly higher than the total listed above , to reflect  the applied sales tax . *  listservs are a great way to keep up with what ' s going on at the harvard  business publishing web site . right now , we offer 3 alerts : management  alert , strategy alert , or hr / training alert . each of these e - mail   combines a specially selected excerpt with  announcements of new and bestselling products from ourextensive catalog .  you can also find out what ' s coming up in both harvard business review and  harvard managementupdate newsletter . to subscribe to one or more of these  free services , follow the link below . and thank you for ordering from  harvard business school publishing , the power of ideas at work . ",0,order confirmation thank order instructions regarding electronic product purchases full order summary listed beginning special announcement special announcement introducing hbr onpoint indispensible new resource harvard business review makes faster easier put important management thinking work hbr onpoint gives quick overview critical management concepts different experts views given topic context critical sharing applying knowledge acquired learn pick free article overview visit web site order contains adobe acrobat files download print files using temporary url listed url expire hours feel free use url office home computer go immediately temporary web page click link copy paste url browser find order information questions concerning order please e mail us orderreceipt hbsp harvard edu reply message technical inquiries email us techhelp hbsp harvard edu order reads follows customer web id sold sold information first name wincenty last name kaminski institution company name enron corp job title managing director mail stop dept ebl address smith address city houston state tx zip postal code country united states email address vkamins enron com phone number fax number attn name person placed order wincenty kaminski bill information first name wincenty last name kaminski institution company name enron corp job title managing director mail stop dept ebl address smith address city houston state tx zip postal code country united states email address vkamins enron com phone number fax number attn ship information first name wincenty last name kaminski institution company name enron corp job title managing director mail stop dept ebl address smith address city houston state tx zip postal code country united states email address vkamins enron com phone number fax number attn order prod product title quantity price total strategy portfo worth using apv better sub total surcharge shipping handling gst tax grand total total due pre paid visa shipping method non shippable pdfs please note applicable sales tax ca ct il md tn products ordered ordering one states amount shown invoice credit card statement slightly higher total listed reflect applied sales tax listservs great way keep going harvard business publishing web site right offer alerts management alert strategy alert hr training alert e mail combines specially selected excerpt announcements new bestselling products ourextensive catalog also find coming harvard business review harvard managementupdate newsletter subscribe one free services follow link thank ordering harvard business school publishing power ideas work
